--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 May 2023 
 
 AB ELECTROLUX (publ)  
(Incorporated as a public company with limited liability under the laws of Sweden with Swedish 
registration number 556009-4178)  
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), AB 
Electrolux (publ) (reg. no. 556009-4178) (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement as defined herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
"General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a 
discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
standard of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the sustainability of investing in the Notes. 
Pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, by approving this Base Prospectus, in 
accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the 
economic or financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus 
to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II).  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 
12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and will expire on 4 May 2024. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, 
the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF 
on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is 
established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU 
CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (UK) and has not applied for registration

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly the Programme rating 
issued by S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and has not been withdrawn. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to 
above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by S&P. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, 
STIBOR or TIBOR (the Programme Benchmarks), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) (the EMMI) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) 
(the SFBF) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (as amended) (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Japanese Bankers Association (as administrator of TIBOR) (the JBA) is not included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the JBA is not 
currently required to obtain recognition or endorsement or to benefit from an equivalence decision. 
 
Arranger
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
BRADESCO BBI
CITIGROUP
DEUTSCHE BANK
DANSKE BANK
HSBC
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS
MORGAN STANLEY
J.P. MORGAN
SEB 
SWEDBANK

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use 
this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the 
applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be.  
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed 
to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Save for the Issuer, no other party has independently verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, the 
Group). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer or the Group is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds - None of the Arranger, Dealers, nor any of their respective 
affiliates accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the Eligible Green Assets (as defined in the risk factor headed "Risk Factor - In respect of any

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
Notes issued with the specific purpose of financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, there can be no assurance that such 
use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor"), any verification of 
whether the Eligible Green Assets meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green 
Financing Framework nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal 
thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Assets. The Issuer’s 
Green Financing Framework, the second party opinion (as referred to in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section of this Base Prospectus) and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/green-financing-framework-29317/ but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation or assurance 
as to the suitability or content of such materials, nor are any such materials a recommendation 
by the Arranger or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes 
are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers 
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined 
in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain 
provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with 
a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or 
guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply 
with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with the offering of the Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto. 
Certain information in respect of the description of ratings set out on page 11 of this 
Base Prospectus has been extracted from the website of S&P.  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant rating agencies, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Singapore and Japan (see "Subscription 
and Sale"). 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any financial statements nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes constitutes an offer by 
the Issuer or the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base 
Prospectus will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or 
any other section of this Base Prospectus.  
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, all references to "SEK" refer to the lawful currency of 
the Kingdom of Sweden, all reference to "£" and "Sterling" refer to the lawful currency of the 
UK, all references to "¥" or "Yen" refer to the lawful currency of Japan and all references to 
"CHF" refer to the lawful currency of the Swiss Confederation. In addition, all references to 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different 
tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a 
provision or law is a reference to that law or provision of law as extended, amended or re-
enacted. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, 
either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the 
impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................ 13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................. 32 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................... 36 
Applicable Final Terms ........................................................................................................................... 38 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ........................................................................................................ 50 
Use of Proceeds ..................................................................................................................................... 74 
Description of AB Electrolux (publ) ......................................................................................................... 75 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................. 83 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................. 85 
General Information ................................................................................................................................ 89

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuer:
AB Electrolux (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI):
549300Y3HHZB1ZGFPJ93 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These 
are set out under "Risk Factors”. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These 
are set out under "Risk Factors" and include the fact that the Notes 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors, certain risks 
relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes and certain 
market risks. 
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger:
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers:
Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not 
subject to the approval provisions stated therein. 
Principal Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes are issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The issue price 
will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of 
the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Event: 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such 
rate of interest may be substituted (subject to certain conditions) 
with a successor or alternative rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)) as 
described in Condition 4.2(vi). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon a Change of 
Control (as defined in Condition 6.6(b)) occurring and certain other 
conditions being satisfied, Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Noteholders, see ‘‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders - Change of Control Put". If 75 per cent. or more in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed or purchased, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 
6.6(b), the Issuer may redeem or purchase all, but not some only, 
of the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date for such redemption. 
 
 
 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at least at 100 per cent. of its 
nominal value on its scheduled maturity date. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes with a maturity of less than one year" above.  
Make-Whole Redemption: 
If the Make-Whole Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
stated maturity, at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes with 
a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that Notes 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be issued in a denomination of not less 
than EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction, subject as provided in Condition 7. In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances as provided in Condition 7, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision in 
respect of any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer or 
any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer in respect of any 
borrowed money as further described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 2) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme is rated BBB+ by S&P.  
As per the rating services of S&P, an obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits 
adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation. The modifier “+” appended to the rating denotes relative 
standing within the rating category. 
Source:  
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.  
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Tranche. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in, 
inter alia the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, 
Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Certain risks which the Issuer currently deems not to be material 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become material as a result of the occurrence of events 
outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer believes that the following factors are the risks which are 
specific to the Issuer and/or to the Notes and which are material for making an informed investment 
decision. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may 
not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set 
out or incorporated by reference elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Factors that may have a material impact on (i) the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme and (ii) the assessment of market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are noted below, with the most material risk factors appearing first in 
each numbered category. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Global economic factors and geopolitical conditions  
Demand for the Group’s products depends on the general economic climate within the home 
appliances industry, which in turn is affected by macroeconomic factors in the countries and regions 
where the Group conducts operations, including the rate of growth in the global and local economy, 
disposable household income, population growth, currency rate fluctuations, tariffs and other 
measures restricting trade, commodity prices and inflation. Political uncertainties, negative economic 
developments, high inflation and rising interest rates, a lengthy recession, periods of sustained 
unemployment and loss of consumer confidence are risks which could trigger a significant industry-
wide decline in sales or could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net sales and operations 
in the markets in which it operates. A decline in consumer demand could, besides a decline in sales, 
also result in a shift in demand to lower priced products for which margins may be lower.  
The global economy has been impacted by geopolitical uncertainties such as the trade dispute 
between the Unites States and China (resulting in trade barriers and increased costs for the home 
appliances industry) and by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine (and consequential 
labour and supply shortages). Increasing inflation and rising interest rates have made for challenging 
economic conditions and contributed to ongoing market uncertainty, and a sustained period of low 
economic growth in certain of the Group’s markets may continue. In the short term, the current global 
economic downturn and supply chain issues continue to have an impact on the Group's utilisation of 
production capacity, which may adversely impact the operations of the Group.  
The Russia-Ukraine conflict and the international response thereto (including the sanctions 
imposed by the United States and other western democracies, and any expansion thereof) continues 
to have wide-ranging effects on the global economy, supply chains and financial markets, which may 
adversely affect the Group; for example, due to impact on supply and demand, increased commodity 
prices and volatility in the financial markets. Global inflation and increased energy prices as a result of 
the war, have negatively impacted consumers’ behaviour and increased production costs. Any 
disruption of supply of gas from Russia to the Group’s European factories could negatively impact 
Electrolux’s profitability and, accordingly, its obligations under the Notes.  
The Russia-Ukraine conflict may heighten the risk of reputational damage for those seen to 
have dealings with Russia or Belarus, although the Group has no key direct suppliers located in 
Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, and when the conflict commenced, all shipments to and production of

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
appliances for Russia and Belarus were stopped. The Group has no factories in either Russia or 
Belarus and in September 2022 the Group announced the divestment of its business in Russia 
through the sale of its Russian subsidiary. The divested Russian business may continue to service 
appliances previously sold by the Group in Russia but the Group has no production in Russia and 
does not supply any appliances to the divested company. In Ukraine, sales and production in the 
Group’s factory were halted after the outbreak of the conflict, but re-started in a limited way during the 
second half of April 2022 following a careful risk assessment. The Group is continuously assessing the 
situation in Ukraine to determine whether to continue or pause the limited sales and production in its 
factory there. The Group may also be exposed to risks related to compliance with related sanctions, 
although the Group has policies and procedures in place to assist it with compliance (see “Risks 
related to compliance” below). 
The global outbreak of coronavirus in 2020 and 2021 significantly affected global economic 
development as governments and local authorities across the world imposed strict countermeasures to 
stop the spread of the virus. Although the pandemic has abated in most parts of the world, there is the 
potential for further market disruption (particularly in respect of ongoing supply chain issues which 
reduce capacity to fulfil orders) and the Group may continue to be affected by global disruption 
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group cannot rule out direct or indirect risks related to the 
effects of a resurgence in the pandemic or related to the emergence of new variants of COVID-19 or of 
other viruses. The outbreak of other communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment 
sentiment, result in heightened volatility in global capital markets and further impact commodity prices. 
Consequently, the Group’s revenues, net assets, cash flows and operations could be adversely 
affected. Any negative effect on the economy may decrease incomes of the end-consumers of the 
Group and impact demand for the Group’s products, and such effects may also result in the insolvency 
of the Group’s business partners, suppliers and customers. 
Although the Chinese government eased restrictions in December 2022 and have ended their 
“zero-COVID” policy, there are signs that the COVID-19 pandemic still poses a threat to normalised 
social and economic conditions in China due to infection numbers and potential new virus variants. As 
a result, the Group could be negatively impacted by pauses in operations affecting its Chinese 
subsidiaries or suppliers, as well as supply chain disruptions which may impact the rest of the Group’s 
operations.  
 On 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the European Union (the “EU”) and 
the EEA. Uncertainties remain concerning the economic consequences of the withdrawal of the UK 
from the EU, commonly referred to as “Brexit”. The continuing effects of Brexit are difficult to predict 
and there remains both short-term and long-term political and economic uncertainty around the 
departure that may have a negative impact on the UK economy and the economies of EU member 
states. Furthermore, the UK’s withdrawal from the EU has been hampered by the overlay and 
development of economic risks from the COVID-19 pandemic and conflict in Ukraine and therefore 
longer term effects are difficult to assess. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Brexit will not 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Due to a lack of 
precedent on withdrawals from the EU, Brexit could continue to have unpredictable consequences for 
credit markets, the EU single market and other important financial and trade relationships, which could 
adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial performance, particularly in 
the Euro-zone. 
Uncertainty about future economic and industry conditions makes it challenging for the Group 
to forecast its operating results, make business decisions, and identify and prioritise the risks that may 
affect its businesses, sources and uses of cash and financial condition. The Group’s long-term 
borrowing targets include an average time to maturity of at least two years, an even spread of 
maturities and an average interest-fixing period of between zero and three years, and a maximum of 
SEK 8,000 million of the Group’s long-term borrowings is typically allowed to mature in any 6-month 
period. Further macroeconomic downturns may increase the borrowing costs of the Group and result 
in the need for further financing to allow for financial flexibility. The Group is currently making efforts to 
implement the cost reduction programme it announced in September 2022 in order to mitigate the 
impacts of the global economic downturn. The Group may be required to implement additional cost 
reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which may adversely affect its ability to capitalise on 
opportunities in a market recovery. If the Group does not adapt in a timely and appropriate manner to 
changes resulting from the uncertain macroeconomic environment and industry conditions, or to 
difficulties in the financial markets, or if it is unable to continue to access the capital markets, the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may be affected.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
Any of the factors above may adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial performance and may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Dependency on third-party suppliers 
The Group's manufacturing process depends on the availability and timely supply of 
components and raw materials, primarily from third-party suppliers. While supply problems can affect 
the performance of most of the Group's business areas, it is particularly sensitive to supply problems 
related to electronic components, compressors, steel, plastics, aluminium and copper. 
In 2022, the Group was impacted by the global supply chain disruptions and shortages of key 
components, particularly in business area North America, resulting in reduced production in factories 
and causing increased cost levels. This disruption remains a risk. The Group continues to work closely 
with its suppliers to avoid supply-related problems and is increasing its supply of sourced finished 
products, but there can be no assurances that it will not encounter problems managing supply chain 
disruption in the future. 
The Group's operations and operations at suppliers' facilities are also subject to disruption for 
a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, work stoppages, labour relations, breakdown in 
machinery, industrial accidents, intellectual property claims against suppliers, information technology 
failures, pandemics, conflicts and hazards such as fire, earthquakes, flooding, or other natural 
disasters, insurance for any of which may not be available, affordable or adequate (see also “Global 
economic factors and geopolitical conditions” above). Such disruption could interrupt the Group's 
ability to manufacture certain products or interrupt the supply to the Group of certain sourced finished 
products. Any significant disruption could negatively impact the Group's revenue and earnings 
performance which could impact the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Risks associated with international operations 
As a result of its worldwide operations, the Group is subject to a wide variety of complex laws, 
regulations and controls, and various non-binding treaties and guidelines, such as those related to 
employee safety, employee relations, product safety and exchange controls. The Group expects that 
sales to, as well as manufacturing in, and sourcing from, emerging markets will continue to be an 
increasing portion of its total operations. Changes in regulatory requirements, economic and political 
instability, tariffs and other trade barriers and price or exchange controls could limit the Group's 
operations in certain countries, as well as in other markets where the Group operates, and make the 
repatriation of profits difficult. 
In addition, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts (including the existing conflict in Ukraine), natural 
disasters, cyber-attacks or other major disruptions to the information technology infrastructure, 
governmental actions as well as epidemics and pandemics that affect the Group’s domestic and 
international operations in a significant way, disrupt its supply chain and impair its ability to produce 
and deliver its products, present a significant risk to the Group. Such events may directly impact the 
Group’s physical facilities or those of its suppliers or customers around the world, which would 
adversely affect the Group’s business and results of operations (see also “Global economic factors 
and geopolitical conditions” above). 
The Group’s international operations expose the Group to other risks, including unfavourable 
political changes, unforeseen legislative changes, inconsistent application of existing laws and 
regulations, ambiguous regulatory systems, customs compliance and tax systems as well as different 
methods and routines for conducting business operations. In 2022, the Group decided to exit the 
Russian market following the invasion of Ukraine; the Group may exit other international markets in the 
future where it is unfavourable to continue business from a reputational and legal standpoint. 
International operations in certain jurisdictions also expose the Group to potentially longer payment 
cycles, difficulties in obtaining payment of accounts receivable and repatriating cash funds from certain 
countries, as well as increased risks of customer losses. Such factors may lead to a decline in sales 
and thus adversely affect the Group’s operations in the jurisdictions and region concerned. Uncertainty 
of the legal environment in certain of the countries in which the Group operates could limit its ability to 
effectively enforce its rights in those markets.  
Development of new products

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
The Group competes in a highly competitive industry characterised by rapidly changing 
technologies, evolving industry standards and continual improvements in performance characteristics 
and product features. Due to the highly volatile nature of the industries in which the Group operates, 
product innovation and development are critical factors in improving margins and enabling net sales 
growth in all of the Group's product lines. To meet the customers' needs in these businesses, the 
Group must continuously design new products, and update existing products and services and invest 
in and develop new technologies. Product development is also driven by customer demand for better 
environmental performance and lower cost of use. Introducing new products requires significant 
management time and a high level of financial and other commitments to research and development, 
which may not result in success. Not executing on the Group’s strategic priorities in a timely manner 
may affect the Group’s delivery of sustainable consumer experience, innovation and profitable growth. 
The Group's sales and the Issuer's net income may suffer if it fails to successfully anticipate and 
appropriately react to changes in customer preferences or if investments are made in technologies that 
do not function as expected or are not accepted in the marketplace. 
Risks relating to the relocation of manufacturing capacity 
As part of its cost reduction strategy, the Group has in the past, and may in the future, relocate 
some of its manufacturing and production capacity and it is continuously evaluating relocation projects 
in order to optimise production. 
The transfer of production from one facility to another is a costly and complex process and 
presents a risk of additional disruptions and delays during the transition period. In addition, during such 
relocations the Group is dependent on cost-efficient deliveries of components and half-finished goods 
from suppliers. Furthermore, the Group may continue to incur additional costs after the relocation 
process during the time that the new facility is in ramp-up stage and the Group might be unable to 
successfully transition production to different facilities in any case. Any prolonged disruption in the 
operations of any of its manufacturing facilities or any unforeseen delay in shifting manufacturing 
operations to new facilities, whether due to technical or labour difficulties or delays in regulatory 
approvals, could result in delays in shipments of products to the Group's customers, increased costs 
and reduced revenues.  
Market competition and price pressure 
Each of the Group's business areas operates in a highly competitive business environment 
and faces intense competition from a number of competitors, many of which have strong consumer 
brand equity. In recent years, manufacturers from Asia have increased their market share. Competition 
in the global appliance market is based on several factors including selling price, product features and 
design, performance, innovation, reputation, energy efficiency, quality, cost, distribution, and financial 
incentives, such as cooperative advertising, co-marketing funds, salesperson incentives, volume 
rebates and terms.   
The Group's competitors have introduced new products to increase market share and are 
increasingly expanding into new geographies. A number of the markets served by the Group have 
been experiencing, and continue to experience, strong price competition. This is particularly severe in 
the low-cost segments and in product categories with a great deal of overcapacity. Downturns in 
market conditions can increase such price competition. However, US trade tariffs and increased raw 
material costs have led to cost-based price increases in the industry, particularly in the North American 
and Latin American markets. 
Some markets in which the Group operates are characterised by a high degree of 
consolidation, which may result in stronger competitors and a change in the Group's relative market 
position. In response to an increasingly competitive environment, the Group and other manufacturers 
may be forced to increase efficiency by further reducing costs along the value chain. Increased 
competition that requires the Group to lower its prices in order to retain customers and market shares 
would adversely affect its margins and results of operations. Furthermore, the development of 
alternative distribution channels, such as online sales, could also contribute to further price pressure 
within the Group's markets. There can be no assurances that the Group will be able to adapt to these 
changes and increase or maintain its market share. 
Exposure to retail chains and dependence on large customers 
In the markets in which the Group operates, the Group sells to a sophisticated customer base 
of large trade customers that have significant leverage as buyers over their suppliers. The customers 
have many choices and demand competitive products, services and prices. Most of the Group's

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
products are not sold through long-term contracts, which allow for flexibility in pricing and volume 
terms and facilitates the trade customers' ability to change volume among suppliers. As the Group's 
trade customers continue to become larger, they may seek to use their position to improve their 
profitability by various means, including improved efficiency, lower pricing, and increased promotional 
programmes.  
In addition, the loss of market share by any of the Group's key retail customers, major buying 
groups or any other trade customers to which the Group sells a significant volume of products or the 
loss of any one or more of such trade customers, could result in a substantial decline in the Group's 
sales volumes and adversely affect its financial performance. Moreover, in the event of a loss of a key 
trade customer, end consumers may choose to purchase products from alternative companies who 
are not customers of the Group. There is also a risk that the Group’s key retail customers, major 
buying groups or other trade customers face financial difficulties, insolvency or bankruptcy or, due to 
geopolitical factors or catastrophic events, fail in their sales efforts (see further “Global economic 
factors and geopolitical conditions” above). If the Group were to experience a material reduction in 
orders by volume or revenues, it would adversely impact its net sales and results of operations. 
Information technology system failures and breaches in data security 
The Group depends on information technology to improve the effectiveness of its operations 
and to interface with its customers, as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. Cyber-
attacks, information technology system failures, including suppliers' or vendors' system failures, could 
disrupt the Group's operations by causing transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, delays or 
cancellation of customer orders, the loss of customers, impediments to the manufacture or shipment of 
products, other business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security 
breach. A significant information technology system failure or security breach could affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. This risk is potentially 
heightened by coronavirus, with most of the Group’s employees working from home. 
The Group’s cyber-security risk lies primarily in its sales and manufacturing, supply chain or 
connected products being hacked. Information about products, contracts, selling prices and costs 
constitutes sensitive information that could be subject to cyber threats. The Group is primarily exposed 
to the risk of malware and ransomware attacks, but cyber-related risks may also arise as a 
consequence of loss of information due to insufficient or erroneous internal processes, outages or 
technical faults, human error or natural disasters. These risks may occur at the Group’s suppliers, 
customers and other external parties with whom the Group interacts. The degree to which cyber-
related risks may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group since they 
could lead to business disruptions, loss of important data and reputational damage. 
Acquisitions, partnership and disposals 
The Group has in the past increased, and may in the future increase, significant market 
positions in its product areas and/or may enter into new geographic and/or product areas through 
acquisitions partnership and by improving operational efficiencies. 
Transactions that the Group has entered into or which it may enter into in the future, can also 
involve significant challenges and risks, including difficulties of integrating employees, operations, 
technologies and products. The Group may incur significant acquisition, administrative and other costs 
in connection with any such transactions, including costs related to the integration of acquired or 
restructured businesses. These costs may include unanticipated costs or expenses, including post- 
closing asset impairment charges, legal, regulatory and contractual costs, and expenses associated 
with eliminating duplicate facilities. In addition, the Group may incur unanticipated costs, expenses or 
other liabilities as a result of an acquisition target's violation of applicable laws and regulations, such 
as anti-bribery and anti-corruption regulations. There can be no assurances that the Group will be able 
to successfully integrate any businesses it acquires into existing operations or that any acquired 
business or partnership will perform according to expectations. Similarly, disposals of certain non-core 
assets may prove more costly than anticipated and may affect the Group's net sales and results of 
operations. 
Risks relating to integrating and achieving expected benefits from past and future acquisitions 
The Group may not realise the degree or timing of benefits it anticipated when it first entered 
into a transaction. Anticipated synergies may not materialise, revenue improvements and cost savings 
may be less than expected and sales of products may not meet expectations. The Group cannot 
guarantee that recently acquired businesses or the integration of any future acquisitions will generate

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
benefits for the Group that are sufficient to justify the expenses it incurred or will incur in completing 
such acquisitions. 
Part of the Group's strategy depends on accelerating growth through profitable acquisitions. 
Execution of this strategy will require the continued pursuit of acquisitions and investments and will 
depend on the Group's ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates and investment opportunities. 
The Group cannot be certain that it will be able to identify and acquire, on reasonable terms, if at all, 
suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities. With continuing consolidation being a likely 
industry trend, the Group could be faced with increasing competition for attractive acquisition 
candidates. Compliance with antitrust or any other regulations may delay proposed acquisitions, or 
prevent the Group from closing such acquisitions or investments in the manner proposed, if at all. 
Such delay or failure to close proposed acquisitions could impair the Group's ability to achieve its 
strategic objectives. Also, failure to identify and/or acquire or the acquisition of unsuitable candidates 
or the making of unsuitable investments could impair the Group's ability to achieve its strategic 
objectives. 
Inventory and other asset risk 
The Group writes down product and component inventories that have become obsolete or do 
not meet anticipated demand or net realisable value. The Group also reviews its non-current assets, 
including goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changed circumstances indicate the carrying 
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the Group determines that impairment has occurred, it 
records a write-down to adjust carrying value to fair value. If no market data is available to determine 
the fair value, the Group estimates fair value by using the discounted cash-flow method based on 
expected future results. Differences in the estimation of expected future results and the discount rates 
used could have resulted, or result in the future, in different asset valuations. Such differences and any 
inventory or asset related write-downs could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks relating to product quality 
The Group's value chain comprises all the steps in its operations, from research and 
development, through production, marketing and sales. Operational and other failures in its value 
chain processes (including through the use of components received from third-party suppliers) could 
result in quality problems or potential product, labour safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Such 
risks are particularly present in relation to the Group's production facilities. Unforeseen product quality 
problems in the development and production of new and existing products could result in loss of 
market share and significantly higher warranty expenses. While there is a provision in the Group's 
financial statements to cover warranty expenses, there can be no assurances that it will be adequate 
to cover all future contingencies. 
Risks related to a failure to maintain the Group’s reputation and brand image 
The Group's brands have worldwide recognition, and its success depends on its ability to 
maintain and enhance its reputation and brand image. Maintaining, promoting and growing the 
Group’s brands depend on its design and marketing efforts, including advertising and consumer 
campaigns, as well as product innovation. The Group could be adversely impacted if it fails to achieve 
any of these objectives or if, whether or not justified, the reputation or image of any of its brands is 
tarnished or receives negative publicity. In addition, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action 
against the Group could damage its reputation and brand image, undermine customer confidence in 
the Group and reduce long-term demand for its products, even if the regulatory or legal action is 
unfounded or not material to its operations. 
In addition, the Group's success in maintaining, extending and expanding its brand image 
depends on its ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including its increasing 
reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Negative posts or 
comments about the Group on social networking and other websites that spread rapidly through such 
forums could seriously damage its reputation and brand image. 
In March 2020, Electrolux Professional AB (Electrolux Professional), the former business for 
professional products, was distributed pro rata to Electrolux shareholders and listed on Nasdaq 
Stockholm. Following the listing of Electrolux Professional, there are two separate global groups 
whose brands and trademarks consist of “Electrolux”. Accordingly, since both Electrolux Professional 
and the Group use a commercial name and trademark that include “Electrolux”, any negative 
occurrences or publicity about Electrolux Professional could potentially affect the Group’s reputation

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
and brand image, undermine confidence in the Group and reduce demand for its products, even if the 
Group is not involved in the potential negative occurrence or publicity, which may affect the Group's 
net sales and results of operations. 
Retaining executives and qualified employees 
Dedicated employees and committed managers play an important role in the Group achieving 
its targets and visions. The Group depends upon the continued services and performance of its key 
executives, senior management and skilled personnel, particularly its professionals with experience in 
its business and operations and the home appliance industry. The Group cannot be sure that any of 
these individuals will continue to be employed by it. A lengthy period of time is required to hire and 
develop replacement personnel when skilled personnel leave the Group. In addition, as digitalisation 
and connectivity are becoming increasingly important differentiators within the industry, hiring and 
retaining engineers possessing the relevant qualifications is key for the Group. An inability to hire, 
develop, engage and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees could materially hinder the 
Group's business by, for example, impairing its ability to successfully develop new products, delaying 
its ability to bring new products to market or impairing its ability to successfully identify new business 
opportunities and execute its strategy. 
Recruitment and retention can be particularly challenging in emerging markets where there is 
intense competition for skilled employees and the overall pool of skilled workers may be limited. 
Furthermore, not being able to accommodate post-pandemic working preferences may make it more 
difficult to attract and retain skilled employees. An increase in remuneration levels to attract and retain 
talent could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
Liquidity and financing risks 
The Group is exposed to the risk that financing of the Group’s capital requirements and 
refinancing of existing borrowings becomes more difficult, costly or impossible, which may in turn arise 
from matters outside of its control, such as a credit crisis or severe adverse economic conditions in the 
countries in which the Group operates (see further “Global economic factors and geopolitical 
conditions” above). The Group’s financing agreements may also contain certain restrictive conditions 
with respect to, for example, divestments and pledging of assets. Such conditions may limit the 
Group’s ability to obtain additional capital or financing through new loans or the sale of assets. 
A significant increase in the Group’s indebtedness could increase the Group’s vulnerability to, 
and reduce its flexibility to address, general economic and industry-related conditions. Moreover, it 
would restrict the Group’s flexibility with respect to planning for, or reacting to, changes in the Group’s 
business, competitive landscape and the industry in which the Group operates, and adversely affect 
the Group’s competitiveness, especially if its indebtedness exceeds that of its competitors. 
There is a risk that extensive decreases in the Group’s creditworthiness or profitability, 
significant increases in interest rates and considerable decreases in the availability of credit or the 
tightening of terms required by lenders would limit the Group’s access to capital, including its ability to 
issue additional debt and equity, and that the Group may therefore not be able to meet its payment 
obligations. 
Exposure to credit risk from its customers 
The Group sells products to a substantial number of customers in the form of large retailers, 
buying groups, independent stores and professional users. The Group has a concentration of credit 
exposures to a number of major customers, particularly in the United States, Latin America and 
Europe. The uncertain market conditions and intense competition in some of the Group's major 
markets in recent years has impacted the Group's customers, some of which are facing difficult 
business conditions. Financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, of any of the Group's key trade 
customers could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. If the Group were to become 
unable to fully collect its accounts receivable from any major trade customer, its net sales and results 
of operations could be adversely affected. Prolonged payment cycles (resulting from the current 
economic climate) could have a negative effect on the Group’s liquidity and cash flow and require an 
increase of provisions for expected credit losses (see further “Global economic factors and geopolitical 
conditions” above). Any changes in circumstances such as significantly higher than expected defaults 
or changes in the financial situation of a significant customer could lead to significantly different

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
valuations and could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Risks related to changes in commodity prices 
The Group is subject to risks related to changes in commodity prices as the ability to recover 
increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which the 
Group operates. Raw materials account for a substantial share of the Group's costs. The raw materials 
to which the Group is mainly exposed to are carbon steel, stainless steel, plastics, copper and 
aluminium. On a global as well as a regional basis, the sources and prices of those materials and 
components containing those materials are susceptible to significant price fluctuations due to 
supply/demand trends, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, changes in currency 
exchange rates, price controls, the economic climate and other unforeseen circumstances. The 
Russia-Ukraine conflict in particular has had, and may continue to have, significant adverse effects on 
the global supply chain and commodity prices (see also “Global economic factors and geopolitical 
conditions” above).  
Additionally, pressure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to adapt to climate changes 
and resource limitations may drive manufacturers towards circular business models that promote 
resource efficiency, reduced use of hazardous chemicals and waste reduction. In respect of finite 
resources, the Group may experience increased competition with other manufacturers of consumer 
goods. The Group's commodity risk is, to an extent, managed through bilateral contracts with suppliers 
but there can be no assurances that this activity will be sufficient or effective in reducing the costs 
associated with increased commodity prices, and a significant change could affect the Group’s profit or 
loss. 
Risks in currency exchange and interest rates 
The Group operates in more than 120 countries around the world and as a result is subject to 
the risks associated with cross-border transactions. In particular, the Group is exposed to currency 
exchange rate risks and risks relating to delayed payments from customers in certain countries or 
difficulties in the collection of receivables generally. The Group is subject to currency exchange rate 
risks arising from export of products and sales outside the country of manufacture, i.e., transaction 
exposure as well as through translation of balance sheets and income statements of foreign 
subsidiaries to Swedish Krona. Changes in exchange rates also affect Group equity. The difference 
between assets and liabilities in foreign countries is subject to these changes and comprises a net 
foreign investment. 
While the Group's geographically widespread production, its hedging transactions and its 
ability to increase prices reduce the effects of changes in exchange rates, there can be no assurances 
that these measures will be sufficient to protect the Group from currency exchange movements. 
In addition, the Group holds assets and liabilities to manage the liquidity and cash needs of its 
day-to-day operations. These interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities are subject to interest rate 
risk. While these interest rate exposures are minimised to some extent by the use of derivative 
financial instruments, there can be no assurances that these hedging activities will be effective or 
sufficient. 
Risks related to its insurance coverage 
The Group maintains third-party insurance coverage and self-insures through wholly owned 
insurance subsidiaries (captives) for a variety of exposures and risks, such as property damage, 
business interruption and product liability claims. However, while the Group believes it has adequate 
insurance coverage for all anticipated exposures in line with industry standards, there can be no 
assurances that (i) the Group will be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, at 
all times in the future or that claims will not exceed, or fall outside of, its third-party or captive 
insurance coverage or that its third-party insurers at all times will be able to meet its undertakings, or 
(ii) its provisions for uninsured or uncovered losses will be sufficient to cover its ultimate loss or 
expenditure. 
Pension commitments 
The Group has pension and healthcare benefit obligations in various countries of which the 
main part is funded via investments in equities, bonds, and other external assets in pension schemes. 
Changes in the value of assets and obligations year-on-year depend primarily on trends in interest

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
rates and stock markets. Changes in the assumptions regarding average life expectancy and the costs 
of health care are also factors that affect pension obligations. Any shortfall in the Group's funding 
obligations may require significant additional funding to the detriment of the Issuer. 
Significant differences between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding 
for the Group's pension obligations, and significant changes in funding assumptions or significant 
increases in funding obligations, could require significant additional funding to the detriment of the 
Group. 
3. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
Environmental risks 
The Group's operations are subject to numerous international, national and local 
environmental, health and safety directives, laws and regulations, including those pertaining to the 
storage, handling, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous and toxic materials, the 
construction and operation of its plants and standards relating to energy efficiency and the discharge 
of pollutants to air, soil and water. 
Certain of the Group's manufacturing facilities require permits for their operations, which 
include thresholds or maximum permissible amounts for air- and water-borne emissions and noise, 
and also require the Group to submit notifications to the relevant authority. While the Group monitors 
that its manufacturing facilities adjust their operations, apply for necessary permits and report to the 
authorities in accordance with applicable environmental legislation, any significant non-compliance or 
disputes could adversely affect the Group's operations and financial performance. 
Although the Group believes its operations are in substantial compliance with presently 
applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, violations of such laws and 
regulations have occurred from time to time and may occur in the future and could result in the 
imposition of fines, penalties, or give rise to civil or criminal liability. For example, claims for damage to 
property or injury to persons resulting from environmental, health or safety impacts of the Group's past 
or present operations, including assets or operations that the Group has disposed of, could expose the 
Group to liability and costs. Risks of substantial costs and liabilities, including for the investigation and 
remediation of past or present contamination, are inherent in the Group's ongoing operations and its 
ownership or occupation of industrial properties. 
Other developments, such as increased requirements under environmental, health and safety 
laws and regulations that are applicable to the Group's operations and products, increasingly strict 
enforcement of them by governmental authorities, and any material new requirements, could prevent 
or restrict the Group's operations and increase the Group's compliance costs. 
Moreover, any material change in, or in the interpretation of, applicable regulatory 
requirements and/or any material new requirements, could require the Group to update existing 
products and/or develop new products, which could result in significant unanticipated costs. 
The Group maintains liability insurance at levels that management believes are appropriate 
and in accordance with industry practice. In addition, the Group maintains provisions on its balance 
sheet for certain environmental remediation matters. There can be no assurances, however, that (i) 
the Group will not incur environmental losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage of any 
insurance or that any such losses would not have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations or financial condition, or (ii) the Group's provisions for environmental remediation 
will be sufficient to cover the ultimate loss or expenditure. 
4. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
Pending lawsuits in the United States claiming asbestos-related personal injuries 
Litigation and claims related to asbestos are pending against the Group in the U.S. Almost all 
of the cases refer to externally supplied components used in industrial products manufactured by 
discontinued operations prior to the early 1970s. The cases involve plaintiffs who have made 
substantially identical allegations against other defendants who are not part of the Group. 
As of 31 March 2023, the Group had a total of 3,388 (3,344 as at 31 March 2022) cases 
pending, representing approximately 3,394 (approximately 3,353 as at 31 March 2022) plaintiffs. 
During the first quarter of 2023, 289 new cases with 289 plaintiffs were filed and 266 pending cases 
with approximately 266 plaintiffs were resolved.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
The Group continues to operate under a 2007 agreement with certain insurance carriers who 
have agreed to reimburse the Group for a portion of its costs relating to certain asbestos lawsuits. The 
agreement is subject to termination upon 60 days’ notice and if terminated, the parties would be 
restored to their rights and obligations under the affected insurance policies.  
It is expected that additional lawsuits will be filed. It is not possible to predict the number of 
future lawsuits. In addition, the outcome of asbestos lawsuits is difficult to predict and the Group 
cannot provide any assurances that the resolution of these types of lawsuits will not have a material 
adverse effect on its business or on results of operations in the future. 
Risks associated with increased or additional tax liabilities 
The Group is subject to taxes in Sweden and other foreign jurisdictions where the Group 
operates. The Group's future effective tax rates are affected by the mix of earnings in countries where 
the Group operates with differing tax rates. Furthermore, changes in corporation or other taxes 
(including withholding taxes) or changes in tax laws or their interpretation may impact the Group's 
future effective tax rate. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on the Group's tax 
cost. Similarly, the Group's profitability could be affected by changes in customs duty legislation or 
other indirect taxes. The Group is regularly subject to tax examination by the tax authorities in the 
countries where the Group operates. The Group routinely assesses the likelihood of adverse 
outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. The 
Group's provisions for uncertain outcome of tax examinations and tax litigations are based on 
management's best estimates and recorded in the balance sheet. These estimates might differ from 
the actual outcome and the timing of the potential effect on the Group's cash flow is normally not 
possible to predict. In recent years, tax authorities have been focusing on transfer pricing, which is 
normally very complex, includes high amounts and might take several years to reach a conclusion. 
The Group is also from time to time subject to re-assessment from tax authorities that may, depending 
on provision coverage, have additional negative impact on the Group's tax cost and/or profitability. 
Such processes can lead to drawn-out proceedings over many years. 
Any significant adverse outcome of any such tax examination and/or tax investigation, and/or 
any other increased or additional tax liabilities for the Group, could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to compliance 
The Group’s global operations expose the Group to risks related to ethics and sustainability 
factors such as human rights (including privacy aspects) and employment conditions, across several 
phases of the production chain, such as in purchasing and sales. In addition, developments regarding 
sustainability may result in new regulatory requirements which could impact product development, 
supply base, operations and sales. Carbon taxes are expected to have an impact on energy intensive 
industries such as power generation, transport, steel, aluminium, and plastics producers. Finished 
goods could also be directly impacted through carbon import duties, such as the European 
Commission’s ‘Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism’. 
Violations of anti-corruption legislation that lead to extensive fines and other criminal, civil or 
administrative sanctions or lead to the Group being excluded from participating in public tenders could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial 
position. Corruption-related incidents or accusations against suppliers and other third parties with 
whom the Group has a commercial relationship risk leading to adverse publicity that could damage the 
Group’s reputation, even if the Group is not involved. 
The Group is also exposed to risks related to economic or political sanctions, or other trade 
embargoes in force (sanctions), though policies and procedures intended to prevent the Group 
breaching sanctions and other such restrictions are in place and timely updated. Sanction laws are 
adopted by various countries around the world, and each country’s sanctions laws are unique, often 
driven by specific national policies or goals. Political or economic sanctions are imposed at an 
increasing rate and change frequently. Restrictions range from extremely targeted measures to 
country-wide embargoes. Enforcement of these laws is increasing, notably in Europe, and certain 
enforcement actions can be taken against companies who cause another third party to violate 
applicable sanctions or companies who engage with a non-compliant third-party. Given their 
complexity, specificity and the fact that they are often imposed without much notice, there is a risk that 
the Group will not be fully compliant with all applicable political or economic sanctions laws at all times. 
Compliance with such laws may also expose the Group to contractual liability vis-à-vis third parties. 
Finally, there is a risk of loss of business in existing markets if they become prohibited or restricted by

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
newly-imposed sanctions. In particular, 2022 saw governments impose additional sanctions measures 
in response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, a situation which is still developing as the 
conflict continues (see also “Global economic factors and geopolitical conditions” above).  
The Group’s product portfolio has historically been of such a nature that the products have 
generally been deemed not to be subject to export control rules. However, the increasing importance 
of digitalisation and connectivity means that the Group’s products in the future will contain more 
advanced technology and software solutions. As several major trading parties around the world are 
creating and broadening their regulations concerning, for example, export controls and national 
security, there is a risk that the Group’s products may, in the future, fall within the scope of export 
control rules, which could demand greater future cash flows, increased administration, additional 
internal controls and, in certain cases, trading restrictions. 
The Group has implemented management information and internal control systems to seek to 
ensure compliance with laws and regulations, corporate governance practices, internal guidelines and 
policies throughout the Group and that unfavourable developments within the Group are identified and 
adequately responded to. There can be no assurances that these management information and 
internal control systems are and will be at all times adequate and fully effective, particularly if the 
Group is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately identified or anticipated. The Group 
faces the risk that its executives make decisions that are not in compliance with the Group's strategies, 
corporate governance practices, internal guidelines and policy documents. Furthermore, employees of 
the Group and others with a close relation to the Group, as well as its customers and suppliers, could 
commit acts that are unethical, illegal or that otherwise conflict with applicable laws and regulations or 
the Group's internal guidelines and policy documents. Such behaviour include, for example, non-
compliance with laws and regulations related to public procurement and competition law, anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, money laundering, IT security and data protection (including the 
General Data Protection Regulation), corporate governance, export controls and trade sanctions, 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and other rules relating to accounting and financial 
reporting, the environment, the work environment, business ethics and equal treatment. The Group's 
risk management and internal control systems may not always be able to detect such acts. If the 
Group's internal controls and other measures to safeguard compliance with laws, regulations, internal 
guidelines and policies prove insufficient, the Group's reputation could be damaged, the Group could 
be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions and/or exposed to civil or criminal liability. 
Intellectual property rights 
The Group's intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, design, copyright, trade 
secrets and licensing agreements, are a significant and valuable aspect of its business. The Group 
attempts to protect its intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, design, 
copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party non-disclosure and 
assignment agreements. The Group's failure to obtain, renew or adequately protect its intellectual 
property, products, new features of its products or processes may diminish its competitiveness. 
The Group has applied for patent protection in multiple jurisdictions with respect to certain 
innovations and new products, product features, and processes. There can be no assurances that the 
applications for patent protection in any of these jurisdictions will be approved by the relevant authority. 
Additionally, the patents that the Group owns could be challenged, invalidated, or others could design 
around its patents and the patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide the Group with 
any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. 
Further, the laws of certain foreign countries in which the Group operates, or contemplates 
operating in the future, do not recognise intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent 
as, for example, European intellectual property rights or United States intellectual property rights. This 
could weaken the Group's competitive advantage with respect to its products, services, and brands in 
those countries, which could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Given the nature of the Group’s business operations, the Group is from time to time alleged to 
infringe intellectual property rights of third parties which may cover some of its technology, brands, 
products, or services. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and 
time-consuming and could divert the attention of the Group's management and key personnel from the 
Group's business operations. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require the Group 
to enter into costly license agreements. The Group also may be subject to significant damages or 
injunctions against development, production and sale of certain products.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
Other legal disputes and investigations 
The Group is currently involved in other disputes in the ordinary course of business. The 
disputes concern, among other things, warranty undertakings, alleged defects in delivery of goods and 
services, patent rights and other rights and other issues on rights and obligations in connection with 
the Group's operations. There is also a risk that the Group may be exposed to product liability claims 
in the event that one of its products is alleged to have caused property damage, bodily injury or other 
adverse effects (including through the use in such products of components received from third-party 
suppliers, for example in similar circumstances as those described in “Pending lawsuits in the United 
States claiming asbestos-related personal injuries” above). Disputes may also arise in connection with 
mergers and acquisitions undertaken by the Group, about which more information is contained in the 
“Business Overview” section of this Base Prospectus. The Group is and may in the future also be 
subject to investigations and legal proceedings brought by antitrust or competition authorities. An 
example of this is the ongoing investigation by the French Competition Authority regarding possible 
violations of antitrust rules in relation to which the French Competition Authority issued a statement of 
objections on 22 February 2023. The Group is analysing and preparing its defence; given the alleged 
infringements and the nature of this investigation, it cannot be ruled out that the outcome could have a 
material impact on the Group’s financial results and cash flow. 
Current and future disputes and investigations may prove costly and time consuming and may 
disrupt normal operations. In addition, the outcome of complicated disputes and investigations is 
difficult to foresee. It cannot be ruled out that a disadvantageous outcome of any such dispute or 
investigations may prove to have a material adverse effect on the Group's earnings and financial 
position. 
Risks associated with product recalls and product liability actions 
Under laws in many countries regulating consumer products, the Group may be forced to 
recall or repurchase some of its products under certain circumstances, and more restrictive laws and 
regulations may be adopted in the future. Any repurchase or recall of products could be costly to the 
Group and may damage its reputation. If the Group were to be required to remove, or if it voluntarily 
removed, its products from the market, the Group's reputation could be tarnished and it might have 
large quantities of finished products that could not be sold. 
The Group also faces exposure to product liability claims in the event that one of its products 
is alleged to have resulted in property damage, bodily injury or other adverse effects (including through 
the use in such products of components received from third-party suppliers). The Group has become 
implicated in certain lawsuits in the ordinary course of its business, including suits involving allegations 
of improper delivery of goods or services, product liability and product defects and quality problems. 
The Group is largely self-insured for product liability matters expected to occur in the normal course of 
business and funds these risks, for the most part, through wholly owned insurance subsidiaries. The 
Group accrues for such self-insured claims and litigation risks when it is probable that an obligation 
has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, for large losses, the 
Group maintains excess product liability insurance with third-party carriers in amounts that it believes 
are reasonable. However, there can be no assurances that product recalls or product liability claims 
will not affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks associated with employment law 
The Group is subject to separate collective bargaining agreements with certain labour unions, 
with different durations. The Group periodically negotiates with certain of the unions representing its 
employees and may be subject to employee work stoppages. Further, the Group cannot be assured 
that it will be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on the same or similar terms, or at all. 
Such renegotiations may also cause disruptions to the operations and increase the risk of industrial 
conflict measures. Accordingly, within its own business or within the business of suppliers or other 
third parties, the Group is exposed to risks related to strikes or other industrial conflict measures, 
which, if they last for a long period or encompass a substantial part of the workforce in a major or 
important part of the business, could create disruptions and delays in the operations. If such events 
were to occur, the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may 
be affected. 
Uncertainty regarding whether English court judgments relating to the Notes would be 
enforceable in Sweden

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
The only treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered in 
connection with civil and commercial disputes between the United Kingdom and Sweden is the Hague 
Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the “Hague Convention”). Pursuant to 
the provisions of the Hague Convention, a judgment entered against a Swedish entity in the courts of a 
Contracting State (as defined in the Hague Convention) and which is enforceable in such Contracting 
State, will be directly enforceable in Sweden only upon the satisfaction of certain requirements, one of 
which is that the relevant judgment relates to an agreement which includes an exclusive choice of 
court provision (as described in the Hague Convention). As such, a judgment entered against the 
Issuer based on an asymmetric jurisdiction clause (i.e. a jurisdiction clause which is non-exclusive), as 
is the case in relation to the terms and conditions of the Notes, is likely to fall outside of the application 
of the Hague Convention and would most likely not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a 
matter of right without a retrial on its merits. As a result, a final judgment in the courts of England or in 
any other jurisdiction which does not have an applicable treaty with Sweden providing for reciprocal 
recognition and enforcement of judgments relating to the Notes, would most likely not be enforceable 
in Sweden. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the 
enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, as applicable. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
5.       Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the Programme 
Benchmarks) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions to the 
provision of benchmarks (which apply until the end of 2023), the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a Programme Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
Programme Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks 
(including the Programme Benchmarks): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
a benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a Programme Benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original 
Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate, including if an Original Reference Rate and/or any 
page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate 
interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest 
could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or 
zero) and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) and after consultation with the Issuer and as more fully 
described at Condition 4.2(vi) (Benchmark Event). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (including any adjustment spread) may result in any Notes linked to or referencing 
an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at 
the relevant time. 
Furthermore in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of 
the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment 
about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or 
national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Programme 
Benchmark. 
The Issuer may have the right to redeem or purchase all Notes following a Change of Control 
Put 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon a Change of Control (as defined in 
Condition 6.6(b)) occurring and certain other conditions being satisfied, Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Noteholders. If 75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
have been redeemed or purchased, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 6.6(b) the Issuer may 
redeem or purchase all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount 
together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Investors who have not 
exercised their right to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase the Notes under Condition 6.6(b) may 
find, in this situation, that their Notes are redeemed. At that time, an investor generally may not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating 
Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based 
upon a reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile 
than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, 
such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where 
the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may 
be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
In respect of any Notes issued with the specific purpose of financing or refinancing Eligible 
Green Assets in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes to finance 
or re-finance certain green assets that meet the eligibility requirements set out in the Issuer’s Green 
Financing Framework (as defined below in the “Use of Proceeds” section) (Eligible Green Assets and 
thereto related Notes, Green Bonds). The Issuer’s Green Financing Framework and the second-party 
opinion dated 12 September 2022 from the Centre for International Climate Research (CICERO) (see 
the “Use of Proceeds” section below) are not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into and do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Financing Framework may be amended at 
any time without the consent of Noteholders and none of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer 
assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the Issuer's Green 
Financing Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of 
publication of the Issuer's Green Financing Framework. Prospective investors should have regard to 
the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and the Base Prospectus regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In respect of Notes that are issued to finance or refinance Eligible Green Assets, no assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. Neither the Arranger nor any 
Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such 
Notes. Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an 
investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of the information set 
out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus 
as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project or investment that may finance such project is evolving. A provisional agreement was reached 
on the creation of European green bonds between the European Council and the European Parliament 
as of February 28, 2023. The agreement is provisional, and needs to be further confirmed and adopted 
by both institutions before it is final. No assurance can be given that a clear definition, consensus or

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
label will develop over time or that, if it does, any Green Bonds will comply with such definition, market 
consensus or label. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or 
any other person to investors that any Green Bonds, will comply with any future standards or 
requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives, including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA, and, accordingly, the status of any Notes 
as being “green”, “social”, “sustainable” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other 
person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes or that any Eligible Green Assets fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date that opinion, report or 
certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such 
opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
any of the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or assets or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for 
Eligible Green Assets in, or substantially in, the manner summarised in this Base Prospectus, there 
can be no assurance that the relevant project or asset(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for or towards such Eligible Green Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, nor a 
breach of contract or otherwise result in the Notes being redeemed prior to their maturity date.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue (or amounts equal thereto) of 
Notes for or towards any Eligible Green Assets as mentioned in the previous paragraph and/or the 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market as mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or 
re-finance Eligible Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for or towards a particular purpose.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green, social or 
sustainability targets of the Issuer. Therefore, payments of interest, principal or other amounts payable 
in respect of any Notes and rights to accelerate under the Notes will not be impacted by the 
performance of Eligible Green Assets funded out of the proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) 
of the Notes or by any other green, social or sustainable assets of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
6.         Risks related to Notes generally 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including 
by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or, as the case may be, did not sign the written 
resolutions or give their consent electronically and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. In addition, at the request of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4.2(vi) without 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes 
under the Programme. In such a case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an 
international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of 
banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, 
where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it 
may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to 
be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
7.             Risks related to the market generally 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an 
EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: 
(a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness or perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including market interest, yield rates 
and the market's perception of comparable debt instruments issued by other corporate or financial 
institutions.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published with the CSSF shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
 
(a) 
the unaudited interim report of the Issuer for the period ended 31 March 2023 (the Q1 2023 
Interim Report): 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/04/electrolux-electrolux-
group-q1-2023-interim-report-230428.pdf  
Interim Report January – March 2023
Financial Overview
Page 1
President and CEO Jonas Samuelson’s Comment
Page 2
Summary of the first quarter
Page 3
Market Overview
Page 4
Business Areas
Pages 5-7
Cash Flow
Page 8
Financial Position
Page 9
Other items
Page 10
Risks and uncertainty factors
Page 10
Sustainable consumer experience innovation
Page 11
Events during the quarter and events after the quarter
Page 12
Parent Company AB Electrolux
Page 13
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Page 14
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Page 15
Change in Consolidated Equity
Page 15
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Page 16
Key Ratios
Page 17
Exchange Rates
Page 17
Net Sales and Operating Income by Business Area
Page 18
Non-recurring items by business area
Page 19
Operating income excluding non-recurring items (NRI)
Page 19
Net sales by Business Area
Page 20
Change in net sales by Business Area
Page 20
Operating income by Business Area
Page 20
Change in Operating Income by Business Area
Page 20
Working Capital and Net Assets
Page 21
Net Assets by Business Area
Page 21
Parent Company Income Statement
Page 22
Parent Company Balance Sheet
Page 22
Shares
Page 22
Notes
Pages 23-24
Operations by Business Area Yearly
Page 25
Five-Year Review
Page 26
Definitions
Pages 26-27
Shareholders’ Information 
Page 28

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(the 
2022 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements): 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/02/electrolux-ab-electrolux-
publishes-2022-annual-report-230223.pdf  
 
2022 Annual Financial Statements
Corporate Governance Report 2022...................................................... Pages 15-30
Report by the Directors.......................................................................... Page 31
Net sales and income............................................................................ Page 32
Operations by business area ................................................................. Page 33-35
Financial position................................................................................... Page 36-37
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................... Page 68
Consolidated Balance Sheet ................................................................. Page 69
Changes in consolidated equity............................................................. Page 70
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................... Page 71
Parent Company income statement ...................................................... Page 72
Parent Company balance sheet ............................................................ Page 72
Parent Company change in equity......................................................... Page 73
Parent Company cash flow statement ................................................... Page 73
Notes..................................................................................................... Pages 74-108
Audit Report .......................................................................................... Pages 109-111
Eleven-year review................................................................................ Pages 113-114
Definitions ............................................................................................. Page 118-119
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(the 
2021 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements): 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2022/02/electrolux-electrolux-
publishes-2021-annual-report-220224.pdf 
 
2021 Annual Financial Statements
Report by the Directors.......................................................................... Page 15
Net sales and income............................................................................ Page 16
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................. Page 17
Operations by business area ................................................................. Page 18-21
Financial position................................................................................... Page 22
Consolidated Balance Sheet ................................................................. Page 23
Changes in consolidated equity ............................................................ Page 25
Cash flow .............................................................................................. Page 26
Consolidated cash flow statement ........................................................ Page 27
Notes..................................................................................................... Pages 39-75 
Audit Report .......................................................................................... Pages 76- 78 
Eleven-year review................................................................................ Pages 80-81
Definitions ............................................................................................. Page 84
Corporate Governance Report 2021...................................................... Pages 102-120 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the notes as contained in the base prospectus dated 4 May 2022 at 
pages 48 to 71 which is available for viewing on the following website:  
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/04/electrolux-emtn-base-
prospectus-2022.pdf; 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the notes as contained in the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 at 
pages 47 to 70 which is available for viewing on the following website:

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/04/electrolux-emtn-base-
prospectus-2021.pdf;  
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the notes as contained in the base prospectus dated 20 May 2020 
at pages 44 to 68 which is available for viewing on the following website:  
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2020/04/electrolux-emtn-base-
prospectus-2020.pdf;  
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the notes as contained in the base prospectus dated 3 June 2019 at 
pages 42 to 65 which is available for viewing on the following website:  
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2012/11/base-prospectus-emtn-
2019.pdf 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the notes as contained in the base prospectus dated 31 May 2018 
at pages 37 to 57 which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2012/11/base-prospectus-emtn-
2018.pdf; and  
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the notes as contained in the base prospectus dated 31 May 2017 
at pages 34 to 54 which is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2012/11/base-prospectus-emtn-
2017.pdf. 
Only the terms and conditions of the notes set out at (d) to (i) above are incorporated by 
reference herein. Any other parts of the base prospectuses listed at (d) to (i) above (including any 
documents incorporated by reference therein) shall not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, 
this Base Prospectus. In accordance with Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer 
confirms that any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which for the avoidance of 
doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for 
the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Unless otherwise contained in this document or the documents referred to above, the contents 
of the Issuer's website are not incorporated by reference in, and do not form part of, this document. 
To the extent any document incorporated by reference incorporates further documents by 
reference such further information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being 
in London and Luxembourg and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes in compliance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement its consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRS, the 
Group uses certain ratios and measures included or referred to in this Base Prospectus (including, 
without limitation, in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference) that would be

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
considered Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined in the ESMA Guidelines. These 
measures are considered useful to investors to enhance their understanding of the Group’s financial 
performance. The APMs should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial 
information presented in compliance with IFRS. An explanation of each APM's components and 
calculation method can be found at page 118 (incorporated by reference herein) of the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each 
a Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons 
or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it 
has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date), which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or 
(ii) Bearer Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes) of the same Series with, where applicable, 
Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due presentation and due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means 
that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive 
form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), and 
Coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
THE UNITED STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes or Coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing 
system and/or any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 9. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance 
with the provisions of the Global Note then, unless within the period of 30 days commencing on the 
relevant due date payment in full of the amount due in respect of the Global Note is received by the 
bearer, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note 
will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in 
such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed 
of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 26 March 2009 and executed by the Issuer.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a new Base Prospectus will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97  (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[3MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[ 4 UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
 
1 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market 
approach. 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market 
approach.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – The Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [Excluded Investment 
Products]/[Specified Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]56 
 
[Date] 
AB ELECTROLUX (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300Y3HHZB1ZGFPJ93 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 4 May 2023 [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation) (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [date]] in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement have] [has] been 
published and the Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and are available for viewing at http://group.electrolux.com/en/long-term-bond-
issues-363/ [and] during normal business hours at AB Electrolux (publ), St. Göransgatan 143, 105 45 
Stockholm, Sweden [and copies may be obtained from AB Electrolux (publ), St. Göransgatan 143, 105 
45 Stockholm, Sweden].]  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2022/7 May 2021/20 May 2020/3 June 
2019/31 May 2018/31 May 2017 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 4 
May 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [date] [and 
[date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. Copies of such Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] 
have] [has] been published and the Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and are available for viewing at http://group.electrolux.com/en/long-
term-bond-issues-363/ [and] during normal business hours at AB Electrolux (publ), St. Göransgatan 
143, 105 45 Stockholm, Sweden [and copies may be obtained from AB Electrolux (publ), St. 
Göransgatan 143, 105 45 Stockholm, Sweden].]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
5  
Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend Singapore product 
classification. 
6  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
(When adding any other information consideration should be given as to whether such 
information constitutes "significant new factors" and consequently triggers the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[   ] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[   ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from ([insert date] if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above EUR 
100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [EUR 199,000].") 
(ii) Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
[[[    ] month /EURIBOR/STIBOR/TIBOR] +/- [ ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable][Investor Put][Change of Control 
Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(vi) [Determination Date(s):] 
[[   ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon)

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[Not Applicable]]  
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(iv) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[   ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(v) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/TIBOR] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR and second Tokyo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if TIBOR) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(vi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(vii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum 
(viii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(x) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[  ] 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
[30/360]

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollars denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 6: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days  
17. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]]/[in the 
period (the Par Call Period) from and including 
[insert date] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to but excluding [date]] 
[and [[ ] per Calculation Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/in the 
period from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
(iv) Notice periods:  
[Minimum period: [10] days 
Maximum period: [30] days] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent) 
18. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date: 
(ii) Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[  ] 
[[  ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(iii) Reference Bond: 
 
[CA Selected Bond/[ ]] 
(iv) Quotation Time: 
 
[[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[ 
]]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(v) Reference Rate Determination 
Date: 
 
The [ ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date 
(vi) If redeemable in part:

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[          ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
 
(vii) Notice periods:  
[Minimum period: [10] days 
Maximum period: [30] days] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount
(iii) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days  
 
(N.B. when setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent.)

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event.] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event.] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.7] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.  N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
199,000]."  Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
(ii) New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which item 14(iii) relate) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
7  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
Signed on behalf of AB Electrolux (publ): 
By: ...................................................................... 
 
_____________________________________ 
 
Duly authorised  
 
By: ...................................................................... 
 
_____________________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [    ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [    ].]  
 
[Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2.
RATINGS
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be] rated]/ The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating entity(/ies) and associated 
defined terms] 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European 
Union] 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
EU CRA Regulation).] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the [UK] 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider]
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business]. [Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
purposes.] 
[The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the 
net proceeds from this offer of Notes specifically to 
finance or re-finance certain green assets that meet 
the eligibility requirements of Eligible Green Assets 
[/ other “Green Bond” description]] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus. If reasons differ from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details.]
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ]
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i) 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification 
number(s) 
and 
address(es): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
number(s) 
and 
address(es)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] 
(viii) 
Deemed 
delivery 
of 
clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on 
which it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:  
 
 
 
 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
[Provisions relating to Green Bonds 
(i) 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and 
name of third party assurance agent] and [give 
details of compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
(iii) 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]]

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note (as defined below), in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by AB Electrolux (publ) (the 
Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any bearer note in definitive form (Definitive Notes) issued in exchange for a Global 
Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 4 May 2023 and made between the Issuer and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for 
further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global 
Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series and (ii) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective 
Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant 
(such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed 
of Covenant) dated 26 March 2009 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or 
collection during normal business hours at the specified office for the time being of the Principal 
Paying Agent being at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB and at the 
specified offices of the other Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following 
their prior written request to any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to 
them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s), which 
shall not be less than EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. References to, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or 
any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms (or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Paying Agents). 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and the relative Coupons (if any) constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
(subject to statutory preferred exceptions) of the Issuer. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
For as long as any of the Notes remain outstanding the Issuer shall not grant or permit to exist 
any mortgage, pledge, lien (not being a lien arising by operation of law) or other encumbrance over its 
present assets or revenues to secure any indebtedness represented by notes, bonds or debentures or 
other forms of debt securities:

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
(i) 
which are capable of being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter or other similar securities market; and 
(ii) 
which are (A) payable in a currency other than Swedish Krona or (B) if payable in 
Swedish Krona issued as to more than 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount thereof 
outside Sweden, 
without at the same time equally and rateably according the same security to the Notes or such 
other security as shall have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest, Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the 
Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2, as 
defined below) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne 
and Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period will be, 
subject as provided below, either:  
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
STIBOR or TIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR; 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR and Tokyo time, in the case of TIBOR) (the Specified Time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4.2(ii)(A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4.2(ii)(B), fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the reference rate is STIBOR) or the Tokyo inter-bank 
market (if the reference rate is TIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the reference 
rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the reference rate is STIBOR) or the Tokyo 
inter-bank market (if the reference rate is TIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
Reference Banks means (a) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (b) in the case of a determination 
of STIBOR the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market or (c) 
in the case of a determination of TIBOR, the principal Tokyo office of four major banks in the Tokyo 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or an advisor selected by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case,  
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
[360
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
[360
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
[360
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls:

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall calculate such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer in consultation 
with an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 4.2(vi) below) determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4.2, if the Issuer, in consultation with the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonably manner and after consultation with the Issuer) a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than five 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(vi) 
during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 4.2 (vi)(C)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this 
Condition 4.2(vi)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in 
Condition 4.2(vi)(C)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4.2(vi));

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(vi)(B), the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer) shall determine an Adjustment 
Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject 
to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 4.2(vi); 
(D) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(vi) and the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(vi)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders 
or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall (at the Issuer’s expense and direction), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.2(vi), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading; and 
(E) 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.2(vi). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.2(vi), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) no less than five 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date, the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 4.2(vi)(E). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(vi):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer) 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case 
of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
(C) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after 
consultation with the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with 
the Issuer) determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the 
Issuer) determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(vi)(B) has replaced the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(vi)(D); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (E)(i);  
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(G) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will, on 
or before a date specified, be no longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (G)(i); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 4.2(vi) shall act in good faith as an expert and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 4.2(vi); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) provided 
that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such 
Successor Rate of Alternative Rate; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, 
where a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 4.2(vi)(B), 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(viii) Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2, 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum 
so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant Definitive Note.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made distinguishing between any 
payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or, on the instruction of the Paying Agent, in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the T2 is open; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne 
and Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the T2 is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, or interpretation of, the laws, published practice or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
If the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the Notes, be prevented 
by Swedish law from making payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then 
due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 7, 
then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer 
shall, upon giving not less than seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.7 
below together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, provided that the 
due date for redemption, of which notice hereunder shall be given, shall be the latest practicable date 
at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if later, 
as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 10 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the 
period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6.3 or pursuant to a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer as described in 
Condition 6.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
This Condition 6.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 6.2 or pursuant to the 
Issuer Call described in Condition 6.3), such option being referred to as the Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.4 for full information 
on the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin, the Reference Bond, the Quotation Time, the Reference Rate 
Determination Date and, if redeemable in part, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can 
be redeemed. 
If Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the 
circumstances set out below) and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-Whole Redemption 
Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional 
Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually 
by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, on a Selection Date not more than 30 
days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 13 not less than 10 days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. No exchange of

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date pursuant to this paragraph and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior 
to the Selection Date.  
In this Condition 6.4, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means: (A) the outstanding nominal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to be 
redeemed to maturity (or, if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call 
Commencement Date) (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Rate plus the Make-
Whole Redemption Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation 
Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be 
redeemed and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Calculation Agent means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent advises the Issuer that, at the time at which the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount is to be determined, for reasons of 
illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate for such 
purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Calculation Agent 
may, after consultation with the Issuer and with the advice of Reference Market 
Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker 
Quotations for the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest 
and lowest of such five Reference Market Maker Quotations (or, if there are two 
highest and/or two lowest quotations, excluding just one of such highest quotations 
and/or one of such lowest quotations, as the case may be), (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, 
the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker 
Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so 
obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market 
Maker and any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) quoted in writing to the Calculation 
Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference 
Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as 
the Reference Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons 
operating in the market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by 
the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated 
using a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
The Reference Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
6.5 
Clean-up Call 
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 
75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes initially issued (which shall include, for these 
purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16) have been redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled (other than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 
6.3 or 6.4), the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure 
the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred to in the 
preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption.  
 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders  
(a) 
Investor Put 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form 
and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6(a) shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.6(a) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(b) 
Change of Control Put 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if at any time while any 
Note remains outstanding: 
(i) 
a Change of Control occurs, and 
(ii) 
within the Change of Control Period (A) if the Notes are rated with the agreement 
of the Issuer, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs, or 
(B) if the Notes are not rated, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of 
Control occurs (in either case, a Put Event), 
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice 
referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes (i) under Condition 6.2 or (ii) pursuant to 
the provisions of this Condition 6.6(b)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) (as defined 
below) at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms together with (or, where

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature 
of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option 
contained in this Condition 6.6(b). 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, as the case may be, purchase any Notes under 
this Condition 6.6(b), the holder of that Note must deliver such Note, on any business day in the city of 
the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent falling within the period (the Put Period) of 30 days 
after a Put Event Notice is given, at the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 6.6(b). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the date (the Optional Redemption Date (Put)) which is the 
seventh day after the last day of the Put Period failing which all such missing unmatured Coupons will 
be void. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 6.6(b) the holder of the Note must, within the Put Period, give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
A non-transferable receipt (a Put Option Receipt) (issued by the relevant Paying Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be) shall be delivered to each holder of Note(s):  
(a) 
in the case of a Note in definitive form held outside Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, which has delivered its Note(s) and Put Option Notice to such Paying 
Agent; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Global Note or note in definitive form held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, from whom notice has been received. 
The Issuer shall redeem, or at the option of the Issuer purchase (or procure the purchase of), 
the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts have been issued on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), unless previously redeemed and/or purchased. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will 
be made, if the holder duly specified a Euro bank account in the Put Option Notice to which payment is 
to be made, on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to that bank account and in every other 
case on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Put), in each case against presentation and surrender 
or (as the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.6(b). 
If 75 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 6.6(b), the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, such notice to be given within 30 days after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put), redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred to in the 
preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (which shall 
not be more than 60 days after the date of the notice). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer will 
redeem, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes. 
In this Condition 6.6(b): 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (whether or not approved by the 
Board of Directors or the Executive Board of the Issuer) any person (a Relevant Person), alone or 
together with its affiliates (as defined in the Swedish Act Concerning Public Takeover Bids in the Stock 
Market (2006:451)), at any time directly or indirectly own(s) or acquire(s) such number of the shares in 
the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of the 
relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (if any) and ending 120 days after the public announcement of the Change of Control 
having occurred. 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or a rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's (as defined below) or 
the equivalent rating in the case of any other Rating Agency. 
A Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not within the 
Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating 
Agency, a rating or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the 
Change of Control Period and as a result of such Change of Control obtained an Investment Grade 
Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly announces or publicly confirms in writing that its 
declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of the applicable Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Moody's Investors 
Service Limited (Moody's) or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
at the invitation of the Issuer is (x) withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within the Change of 
Control Period or (y) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a non-Investment Grade Rating (for 
example, from BBB- to BB+ by S&P, or its equivalents for the time being, or worse) and not 
subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period or (z) (if 
the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer is already below 
an Investment Grade Rating) lowered one full rating category (for example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or 
such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change of Control 
Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in (or 
withdrawal of) rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control 
if the Rating Agency making the change in (or withdrawal of) rating to which this definition would 
otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction (or withdrawal) was 
the result of the applicable Change of Control. 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any formal public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder or any 
adviser thereto relating to any potential Change of Control where, within 180 days of the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Issuer may at any 
time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(iii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay, subject to Condition 6.2, 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(ii) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Talon or 
Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of the Note, Talon or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5).

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If: 
(i) 
there is failure to make payment in the Specified Currency for more than five days of any 
principal or any interest in respect of any Note when and as the same is due to be paid; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to comply with any other terms of the Notes and such failure (unless it is 
not capable of being cured) continues unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof 
shall have been given to the Issuer in the manner specified below; or 
(iii) 
any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer becomes, or is declared due and 
payable prior to its scheduled maturity as a result of a default thereunder or any such 
indebtedness for borrowed money or interest thereon is not paid when due or within any 
applicable grace period therefor or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer in 
respect of any indebtedness for borrowed money is not honoured when due and called 
upon or within any applicable grace period therefor, and, in each case, the aggregate 
principal amount of such indebtedness amounts to a least 0.7 per cent. of Consolidated 
Total Assets; or 
(iv) 
a resolution is passed or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made that the 
Issuer be wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction, 
merger or consolidation under which the Issuer is the continuing corporation or the terms 
whereof have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders); or 
(v) 
an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver is appointed of the whole or 
substantially all of the assets or undertaking of the Issuer and is not paid out in full or 
discharged within thirty days; or 
(vi) 
a distress, execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out against the 
whole or substantially all of the property of the Issuer and is not discharged within 30 
days thereof; or 
(vii) 
the Issuer stops payment or (otherwise than for the purposes of such reconstruction, 
merger or consolidation as is referred to in sub-paragraph (iv) of this Condition) ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on business or is unable to pay its debts as and when they fall 
due; or 
(viii) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
composition or other similar laws and such proceedings are not discharged or stayed 
within a period of 30 days; or 
(ix) 
the Issuer initiates or consents to proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, composition or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition with, its creditors generally;

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, declare the Notes held by such Noteholder to be forthwith due and payable at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.7 together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
the date of payment, and the same shall become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the 
time when such written notice is received all such defaults shall have been remedied. 
As used herein, Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries, as such amount appears, or would appear, on a consolidated balance 
sheet of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS as shown in the most recent published audited 
annual, unaudited semi-annual or unaudited quarterly interim, as the case may be, consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(c) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor Paying Agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in (a) a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com). It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial 
Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
exchange or relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Issuer may at any time, and upon a request in writing 
made by Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding 
at any time after any Note shall have become payable owing to default shall, convene a meeting of 
Noteholders (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform). Any such 
request in writing by Noteholders shall be made by lodging the same together with the relative Note or 
Notes at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent. The provisions 
concerning meetings of Noteholders are contained in Schedule 5 to the Agency Agreement. The 
Principal Paying Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or which is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with any mandatory law. 
15. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
The Issuer agrees to indemnify any Noteholder or Couponholder against any loss incurred by 
such holder as a result of any judgment or order being given or made by any court for any reason not 
attributable to such holder for the payment of any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order 
being expressed by reason of applicable law in a currency other than the Specified Currency and as a 
result of any variation having occurred in rates of exchange between the date as of which the 
Specified Currency amount is converted for such judgment or order and the date of actual payment 
thereof. 
This indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations 
contained herein, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder from time to time and shall 
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order for a liquidated sum or sums in 
respect of amounts due hereunder or under any such judgment or order. Any such loss or damage as 
aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the Noteholder or Couponholder and no 
proof or evidence of any actual loss shall be required by the Issuer. Nothing in this Condition shall 
prevent the Issuer from discharging its obligations in respect of any Note or Coupon by making 
payment in accordance with Condition 7. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
THE CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
18.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on 
the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
This Condition 18.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Electrolux Plc. of Addington Way, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU4 
9QQ, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts 
in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Electrolux Plc. being unable or unwilling for 
any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds will be 
applied to finance or re-finance certain green assets that meet the eligibility requirements set out in the 
Issuer’s Green Financing Framework 2022 (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
the Green Financing Framework), which is available for viewing on the Issuer’s website (Eligible 
Green Assets and thereto related notes, Green Bonds) available at the following address: 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/green-financing-framework-29317/. 
Eligible Green Assets (as defined and used in the Green Financing Framework) have been 
(or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with the 
categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Green Financing Framework which sets 
out the added environmental criteria required for such issuances (the Green Terms). The criteria for 
qualification as an Eligible Green Asset under the Green Financing Framework may change from 
time to time. Recognising that the green bond market and best practices are still evolving, the Issuer 
will strive to monitor market developments and, when deemed necessary, make appropriate 
updates to the Green Financing Framework in order to reflect best market practice.  
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion dated 12 September 2022 from CICERO (a 
provider of independent reviews of green bonds) on the Green Financing Framework confirming that 
these align with the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles 2021 
and providing a “medium green” shading. The second party opinion is valid only at its date of issue 
and the Green Financing Framework is subject to amendment by the Issuer from time to time. The 
second party opinion and the Green Financing Framework are, and any updates to the Green 
Financing 
Framework 
will 
be, 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/green-financing-framework-29317/. 
The Issuer publishes a yearly report (the Green Financing Impact Report) which will 
describe the use of proceeds and adherence to the Green Terms set out in the Green Financing 
Framework. The report will (i) include details of the Eligible Green Assets including information on 
certain key environmental indicators (such as energy consumption and carbon footprint), (ii) adhere 
to the ICMA handbook on Core Principles and Recommendations for Reporting June 2021 and (iii) 
be 
published 
annually 
and 
be 
generally 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/green-financing-framework-29317/ for so long as the Issuer has 
Green Bonds outstanding. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion, report or certification nor the 
Green Financing Framework are, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion, report or certification nor the Green Financing Framework 
are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion, report or certification is 
only current as at the date that opinion, report or certification was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions, 
reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See 
further information under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes 
issued with the specific purpose of financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets in accordance with 
the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor". 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF AB ELECTROLUX (PUBL) 
Business Overview  
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group, which is a global leader in household 
appliances. The Group offers thoughtfully designed, innovative and sustainable solutions under 
well-established brands, such as Electrolux, AEG and Frigidaire. The Group’s products include 
products for consumers comprising major appliances (including refrigerators, freezers, cookers, 
dryers, washing machines, dishwashers, room air-conditioners and microwave ovens). In addition to 
major appliances, other important areas for the Group include floor-care products, water heaters, 
heat pumps and small domestic appliances as well as consumables, accessories and the provision 
of servicing. The Group sells approximately 60 million household products in approximately 120 
markets every year. In 2022, the Group had sales of SEK 135 billion and had approximately 51,000 
employees. 
History 
The Issuer was incorporated and operates under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden on 10 
February 1910 with registered number 556009-4178. The Issuer was the product of a merger 
between Elektromekaniska AB and AB Lux, and was subsequently listed on the London Stock 
Exchange (the LSE) in 1928 and on the Stockholm Stock Exchange (now Nasdaq Stockholm) 
(Nasdaq Stockholm) in 1930. In 1987, trading of American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) 
representing the Issuer's B-shares commenced on the NASDAQ National Market (Nasdaq). In 2005 
and 2010 respectively, the Issuer de-listed its ADRs from Nasdaq and de-listed its B-shares from 
the LSE in response to the internationalisation of capital markets and the increase in international 
ownership of shares on the Nasdaq Stockholm. Following these de-listings, all trading in the Issuer's 
shares is now concentrated on the Nasdaq Stockholm. 
The Issuer steadily expanded its business through the mid-twentieth century with a 
programme of gradual acquisition and product development. In 1984, following the acquisition of 
Italian company Zanussi, the Group emerged as a leader in the European household appliance and 
food-service appliance markets. In 1994, the Group acquired the white goods division of German 
manufacturer, AEG. In 1996, the Group acquired Refripar, one of the largest producers of 
appliances in Brazil at that time. A period of restructuring and strengthening of the Issuer's core 
business followed throughout the 1990s and into the next century, including significant expansion 
into the North American market and the development of the Group's global presence (for example, 
through the acquisition of the household division of the Australian company, Email Limited, in 2001). 
To increase its exposure to emerging markets, the Issuer acquired two companies in 2011: the 
Egyptian appliances company Olympic Group and the Chilean appliances company CTI. In 2014, 
the Group acquired Australian company, BeefEater Barbecues. In 2016, the Group acquired Vintec, 
a company based in Australia and Singapore, which supplies a wide range of climate-controlled 
wine cabinets throughout the Asia Pacific region. 
In 2017, the Group acquired Kwikot Group, South Africa's leading water heater producer; 
Best, a European manufacturer of innovative kitchen-hoods; and the Continental brand of home 
appliances in Latin America. In the U.S., the Group acquired Anova, the U.S. based provider of the 
Anova Precision Cooker, an innovative connected device for sous vide cooking that enables 
restaurant-quality results in the home. 
In 2019, the Group acquired Sydney Appliance Installations, an Australian appliance 
installation and repair service operator. 
In March 2020, the Issuer (and the Group) was divided into two listed companies whereby 
the equity in Electrolux Professional was distributed pro rata to the Issuer’s shareholders and listed 
on Nasdaq Stockholm, resulting in the Issuer and Electrolux Professional becoming separate 
entities and Electrolux Professional no longer forming part of the Group. The split has enabled the 
Issuer to increase its focus on the opportunities in the household appliance sector, enabling the 
Group to drive profitable growth by employing distinct strategies for innovation with an increased 
customer focus, as well as increasing the capital efficiency within the Group. 
In August 2020, the Group acquired 60 per cent. of the shares in the Chinese company 
Guangdong De Yi Jie Appliances Co., Ltd, which sells AEG household appliances in China. Prior to 
the acquisition, the Group held 40 per cent. of the shares in the company and it was accounted for 
as a fully owned subsidiary from 31 August 2020. The transaction resulted in a preliminary goodwill 
of SEK 12 million and the net cash flow effect from the acquisition is SEK -7 million.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
In July 2021, the Group acquired La Compagnie du SAV (CSAV), a French service provider 
specialising in repairing domestic appliances. Through the acquisition, the Group strengthens its 
service network in France. CSAV is headquartered in Lisses, south of Paris, and employs 
approximately 200 people.  
In December 2021, the Group acquired the remaining 50 per cent. of the shares in Swedish 
company Gångaren 13 Holding AB that it did not already hold to increase its ownership to 100 per 
cent. of the shares in the company. The company was accounted for as a fully owned subsidiary of 
the Group from 7 December 2021. 
 
 
In 2022, the Group decided to exit Russia and thus divested the business through the sale of 
its Russian subsidiary to local management on 9 September 2022. 
Business profile 
Strategy 
The Group employs a focused strategy for profitable growth with the aim of achieving its 
purpose, to ‘shape living for the better’, and creating long-term value for its stakeholders. The 
strategy, firmly based in the market trends that drive the development of a changing household 
appliance market, is primarily driven through two key areas: sustainable consumer experience 
innovation and increased efficiency through continued digitalisation, automation and modularisation, 
supported by a solid financial position. The Group has three defined areas of innovation, ‘Taste’, 
‘Care’ and ‘Wellbeing’, which allow it to maintain a streamlined and innovative product portfolio with 
proven consumer benefits. In addition, the Group is aiming to strengthen its position and expand in 
the aftersales market, which represents important business opportunities.  
In 2018, the Group initiated a SEK 8 billion capex global re-engineering programme under 
which it has made, and continues to make, significant investments related to increasing both the 
modularisation and automation of its production processes. The programme drives efficiency, 
strengthens production cost competitiveness, increases both product flexibility and speed to market, 
drives product mix improvements and reduces the Group’s environmental footprint. In addition, the 
Group’s digitally integrated supply chain manufacturing process further contributes to improving the 
productivity and flexibility of its operations. 
The Group has a strong track-record of delivering cost reductions. On 12 September 2022, 
the Group announced the implementation of a new cost reduction programme focussed on 
addressing variable and structural costs and eliminating cost inefficiencies in the supply chain and in 
production. The measures include increasing productivity in operations as well as optimising the 
Group’s research and development portfolio, administration, sales, and marketing activities. The 
cost reduction programme was announced in response to decreased market demand for core 
appliances in Europe and the U.S. in the second half of 2022, driven by the impact of high inflation 
on consumer durables purchases and low consumer confidence. High retailer inventory levels 
amplified the impact of the slowdown in consumer demand and market demand for 2023 is 
expected to continue to be weak in both regions. In North America, the production transformation 
with two new facilities and several new product platforms, in combination with the particularly 
challenging supply chain conditions in the region, require additional measures to return to stability 
and profitability. A North America turnaround programme was therefore launched under the 
leadership of Ricardo Cons who was appointed new Head of Business Area North America. 
 
The Board of Directors’ target is to maintain an investment grade rating as defined by 
leading rating agencies, meaning that over time the Group’s net debt should not exceed two times 
EBITDA. 
Sustainability is an integrated part of the Group’s strategy for profitable growth. The Group’s 
most resource-efficient products accounted for 24 per cent. of total products sold and 39 per cent. of 
gross profit in 2022. Electrolux is recognised as a leader in the household durable goods industry 
and was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and Europe indexes in 2022 and received a 
score of A- for climate and water from CDP. Additionally, Electrolux has received recognition from 
other indexes and organisations such as S&P Global, MSCI and ISS ESG.  
Company structure 
The Group consists of three global organisational areas, Consumer Experience & Product 
Lines, Commercial & Consumer Journey, and Operations. Electrolux is also organized into four

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
geographically defined business areas: (i) Europe, (ii) North America, (iii) Latin America, and (iv) 
Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa. The business area heads report to the Head of Commercial & 
Consumer Journey. This structure ensures a unified approach to each market with common 
branded platforms and interactions with consumers. In relation to the Group’s sales in 2022, Europe 
accounted for 34 per cent., North America accounted for 35 per cent., Latin America accounted for 
18 per cent., and Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa accounted for 13 per cent. The Group is 
aiming to strengthen its position in emerging markets, which represent important business 
opportunities. 
Financial Overview 2022 
Global 
In 2022, net sales amounted to SEK 134,880 million (2021: SEK 125,631 million) and 
operating income amounted to SEK -215 million (2021: SEK 6,801 million), corresponding to a 
margin of -0.2 per cent. (2021: 5.4 per cent.). Operating income for 2022 included non-recurring 
items of SEK -1,046 million, relating to (i) a settlement regarding the arbitration in a U.S. tariff case 
on washing machines imported into the U.S. from Mexico in 2016/2017; (ii) a loss from exiting the 
Russian market; (iii) restructuring charges across business areas and Group common costs for the 
Group-wide cost reduction and North America turnaround programme (announced in September 
2022); (iv) the divestment of the office facility in Zürich, Switzerland; and (v) the termination and 
transfer of a U.S pension plan. Excluding these items, operating income for 2022 amounted to SEK 
831 million, corresponding to a margin of 0.6 per cent. Income for the period amounted to SEK -
1,320 million (2021: SEK 4,678 million), corresponding to SEK -4.81 in earnings per share (2021: 
SEK 16.31). 
Net sales increased by 7.4 per cent. in 2022, with currency translation having a positive 
impact of 10.9 per cent. Organic sales decreased by 2.8 per cent. (compared with a 14.2 per cent. 
increase in 2021) and acquisitions and divestments combined had a negative impact of 0.8 per cent.  
The organic sales decrease was driven by lower volumes due to continued supply chain 
constraints in the first half of the year and lower market demand. Price developed strongly in all 
business areas driven by list price increases, whilst promotional activity returned to normal levels 
towards the end of 2022. Successful product launches generated a favourable mix, despite the 
challenging market environment. Aftermarket sales increased slightly.  
The decrease in operating income excluding non-recurring items was primarily driven by 
lower volumes and significantly elevated cost levels from production and logistic inefficiencies, mainly 
in the North America business area. The aim of the Group-wide cost reduction and North America 
turnaround programme was to return to stability and increase profitability; however, the high inventory 
of products produced before these measures were implemented resulted in a delayed earnings 
impact. Net price realisation was strong, offsetting significant cost inflation, and mix was positive. 
Investments in innovation and marketing increased to support product launches and further develop 
capabilities for consumer direct interaction. 
Market demand 
Market demand declined in most of Electrolux’s main markets in 2022 as compared to 
2021, where it was generally strong. The strong market demand in 2021 was limited by global 
supply and logistic constraints, impacting product availability, and during the first half of 2022 supply 
chain constraints continued to limit the ability to fully meet underlying demand. Increased general 
inflation, interest rates and geopolitical tensions then negatively impacted consumer sentiment and 
purchasing power in the latter half of 2022. 
Market demand for core appliances in Europe decreased by 10 per cent. in 2022, where 
demand in Eastern Europe declined by 13 per cent. and demand in Western Europe declined by 10 
per cent. In the U.S., market demand for core appliances decreased by 6 per cent. Market demand 
in Latin America is estimated to have also decreased in 2022, particularly in Brazil and Chile. 
Consumer demand in Argentina is estimated to have increased due to improved product availability 
and as a result of the negative impact of lockdowns in 2021. In Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and 
Africa, market demand for appliances is estimated to have increased in 2022, although declined 
towards the end of the year as consumer confidence and purchasing power were impacted by 
higher inflation rates and weaker global macro sentiment. 
Europe business area

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
The Group’s Europe business area reported an organic sales decline of 8.6 per cent. in 
2022. Consumer demand was negatively impacted by increased general inflation, interest rates and 
geopolitical tensions. Furthermore, supply chain constraints limited the ability to meet market 
demand during the first half of the year. The decline in organic sales is also attributed to the 
cessation of operations in Russia, before the Group’s subsequent exit from the market altogether.  
Operating income and margin decreased in 2022. Pricing offset the significant cost inflation, 
primarily in raw materials and logistics, whilst supply chain constraints and irregular supply incurred 
additional costs. Towards the end of 2022, reduced discretionary spending impacted earnings 
positively and actions to adjust production to a weaker market demand (under the Group’s cost 
reduction programme) were initiated. Non-recurring items of SEK -774 million were included in the 
operating income as a result of the loss from exiting the Russian market, a restructuring charge for 
the Group-wide cost reduction programme, and the divestment of the office facility in Zürich, 
Switzerland. 
North America business area 
The Group’s North America business area reported an organic sales decline of 0.9 per cent. 
in 2022. Volumes decreased due to weaker market demand and a strategic shift from certain 
sourced products and supply chain constraints and labour shortages negatively impacted the ability 
to fully meet demand during the first half of the year. Price developed strongly due to the 
implementation of price increases and promotional spending and activity returned to normal levels 
towards the end of 2022.  
Operating income was negative in 2022, as a result of significantly elevated cost levels 
caused by severe production inefficiencies, particularly in the two new North America factories. 
Logistical inefficiencies such as increased spot buys of components and use of air freight had a 
negative impact on operating income. The turnaround programme announced in September 2022 
was introduced to return to stability and profitability but the high inventory of products produced 
before these measures were implemented resulted in a delayed earnings impact. Furthermore, 
lower sales volumes impacted earnings negatively. Non-recurring items of SEK 241 million (2021: 
SEK -727 million) were charged to operating income, relating to a settlement regarding the 
arbitration in a U.S tariff case on the historical import of washing machines, a restructuring charge 
for the Group-wide cost reduction and North America turnaround programme and the termination of 
a U.S pension plan which was transferred to a third party.  
Latin America business area 
The Group’s Latin America business area reported an organic sales growth of 4.2 per cent. 
in 2022. Volumes declined due to challenging market conditions but list price increases 
implemented during the year coupled with promotional activity returning to normal levels towards the 
end of the year resulted in strong pricing development. Improved product availability and launches 
generated a favourable mix and aftermarket sales developed strongly. 
Operating income and operating margin decreased in 2022, driven by lower volumes. 
Pricing offset significant cost inflation, mainly in raw material and investment in innovation and 
brand-strengthening initiatives was increased to support product launches. A non-recurring item of 
SEK -80 million was included in the operating income in 2022 relating to a restructuring charge for 
the Group-wide cost reduction programme.  
Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa business area 
The Group’s Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa business area reported a slight organic 
sales decline of 0.5 per cent. in 2022. The product mix improved, mainly driven by successful 
product launches and list price increases implemented during the year generated a positive price 
development. However, volumes were negatively impacted as a result of supply chain constraints in 
the first half of 2022 and due to weaker market demand towards the end of the year. Due to 
decreased volumes, operating income and margin slightly decreased to SEK 1,308 million in 2022 
(2021: SEK 1,511 million). Price offset significant cost inflation, including currency headwinds. A 
non-recurring item of SEK -66 million was included in the operating income in 2022, which relates to 
a restructuring charge for the Group-wide cost reduction programme.  
Major financing arrangements 
The major financing arrangements of the Group as at 31 December 2022 are described in 
note 18 in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements and on page 9 of the Q1 2023 Interim Report. The

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
Group mainly raises financing under its Euro Medium-Term Note programme (including through the 
issuance of green bonds) and via bilateral loans, with a majority of the Group’s long-term 
borrowings (SEK 31,277 million as at 31 December 2022) being at the parent company level. As at 
31 March 2023, the Group had unused committed revolving credit facilities of SEK 11,300 million 
(31 December 2022: SEK 16,622 million).  
Pending lawsuits in the United States claiming asbestos-related personal injuries 
Litigation and claims related to asbestos are pending against the Group in the U.S. Almost 
all of the cases refer to externally supplied components used in industrial products manufactured by 
discontinued operations prior to the early 1970s. The cases involve plaintiffs who have made 
substantially identical allegations against other defendants who are not part of the Group. 
As of 31 March 2023, the Group had a total of 3,388 (3,344 as of 31 March 2022) cases 
pending, representing approximately 3,394 (approximately 3,353 as of 31 March 2022) plaintiffs. 
During the first quarter of 2023, 289 new cases with 289 plaintiffs were filed and 266 pending cases 
with approximately 266 plaintiffs were resolved. The Group continues to operate under a 2007 
agreement with certain insurance carriers who have agreed to reimburse the Group for a portion of 
its costs relating to certain asbestos lawsuits. The agreement is subject to termination upon 60 days’ 
notice and, if terminated, the parties would be restored to their rights and obligations under the 
affected insurance policies. 
It is expected that additional lawsuits will be filed against the Group. It is not possible to 
predict the number of future lawsuits. In addition, the outcome of asbestos lawsuits is difficult to 
predict, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurances that the resolution of these types of lawsuits 
will not have a material adverse effect on its business or on results of operations in the future. 
Directors and management 
Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of eight members, without deputies, who are 
elected at the Annual General Meeting for a period of one year. Three additional members with 
deputies are appointed by the Swedish employee organisations in accordance with Swedish labour 
law. 
The business address for all members of the administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies of the Issuer is St Göransgatan 143, SE-105 45, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Details of the Issuer’s Board of Directors as at the date hereof are as follows and references 
to holdings in the Issuer are correct as at 31 March 2023 (and include holdings of related natural 
and legal persons, where applicable): 
 
Name 
Position 
External roles 
Holdings in AB 
Electrolux (publ) 
Staffan Bohman
Elected Chairman 
2018. 
 
Member of the 
Electrolux Audit 
Committee and the 
Electrolux People 
Committee. 
Chairman of the Board of the 
Research Institute of Industrial 
Economics and the German-
Swedish Chamber of Commerce. 
 
Board Member of Atlas Copco AB 
and Åke Wiberg Foundation. 
Member of the Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences 
(IVA). 
180,000 B–shares 
 
120,279 call 
options, issued by 
Investor AB 
entitling the right 
to purchase 
Electrolux B- 
shares. 
Jonas 
Samuelson 
President and CEO of 
AB Electrolux since 
2016. Elected to the 
Board in 2016. 
Board Member of Axel Johnson AB 
and Volvo Cars AB.  
94,795 B-shares 
Petra Hedengran 
Elected to the Board in 
2014. 
 
Chairman of the 
Electrolux People 
Committee and 
General Counsel and member of 
Group Management of Investor AB. 
 
Board Member of Alecta and The 
Association for Generally Accepted 
Principles in the Securities Market 
15,900 B-shares

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
member of the 
Electrolux Audit 
committee. 
(Swedish: Föreningen för god sed 
på värdepappersmarknaden). 
Henrik 
Henriksson 
Elected to the Board in 
2020. 
President and CEO of H2 Green 
Steel AB. 
 
Board Member of Hexagon AB, 
Creades AB, SAAB AB and the 
Confederation of Swedish 
Enterprise (Swedish: Svenskt 
Näringsliv) 
425 B-shares 
Ulla Litzén 
Elected to the Board in 
2016. 
 
Chairman of the 
Electrolux Audit 
committee. 
Board Member of Epiroc AB, Ratos 
AB, Stockholm School of  
Economics and the School of 
Economics Association. 
12,000 B-shares 
Karin Overbeck 
Elected to the Board in 
2020. 
 
Member of the 
Electrolux People 
Committee. 
CEO of Freudenberg Home and 
Cleaning Solutions GmbH. 
 
Member of Executive Council, 
Freudenberg Group. Vice President 
and Board member of the German 
Brands Association. 
3,135 B-shares 
Fredrik Persson 
Elected to the Board in 
2012. 
 
Member of the 
Electrolux Audit 
Committee. 
Chairman of the Board of JM AB, 
the Confederation of European 
Business (BusinessEurope) and 
Ellevio AB. Board Member of 
Holmen AB, Hufvudstaden AB, ICA 
Gruppen AB and Ahlström Capital 
Oy. 
5,000 B-shares 
David Porter 
Elected to the Board in 
2016. 
Head of Microsoft Stores, 
Corporate Vice President, Microsoft 
Corp. Chairman of Serta Simmons 
Bedding LLC. 
3,315 B-shares 
 
Employee Representatives 
 
Name 
Position 
Employee body 
Holdings in AB 
Electrolux (publ) 
Viveca 
Brinkenfeldt-
Lever 
Elected to the Board 
in 2018. 
 
Employee 
Representative 
Member. 
Representative of the Federation 
of Salaried Employees in 
Industry and Services. 
0 shares 
Peter Ferm
Elected to the Board 
in 2018. 
 
Employee 
Representative 
Member. 
Representative of the Federation 
of Salaried Employees in 
Industry and Services. 
100 B-shares 
Wilson Quispe 
Elected to the Board 
in 2022. 
 
Employee 
Representative 
Member. 
Representative of the Federation 
of Salaried Employees in 
Industry and Services. 
4,900 B-shares 
Ulrik Danestad
Elected to the Board 
in 2020. 
Representative of the Federation 
of Salaried Employees in 
20 B-shares

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
Employee 
Representative, 
Deputy Member. 
Industry and Services. 
 
Group Management 
In addition to the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Group management includes 
each of the heads of the Issuer's business areas, the Chief Operations Officer, the Chief Experience 
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Group staff heads. 
The business address for all members of senior management is St Göransgatan 143, SE-
105 45, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Details of senior management as at the date hereof are as follows and references to 
holdings in the Issuer are correct as at 31 March 2023 (and include holdings of related natural and 
legal persons, where applicable): 
 
Name 
Position  
External roles 
Holdings in AB 
Electrolux (publ) 
Jonas Samuelson 
President and Chief 
Executive Officer since 
2016. 
 
In Group Management 
since 2008. 
Board Member of Axel
Johnson AB and 
Volvo Cars AB.  
94,795 B-shares 
Therese Friberg 
Chief Financial Officer 
and Executive Vice 
President 
 
In Group Management 
since 2018. 
Board Member of AB 
SKF 
22,541 B-shares 
Chris Braam 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Head of Business 
Area Europe. 
 
In Group Management 
since 2022. 
 
28,230 B-shares 
Carsten Franke 
Head of Operations 
and Executive Vice 
President. 
 
In Group Management 
since 2020. 
N/A 
14,370 B-shares 
Adam Cich 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Head of Business 
Area Asia Pacific, 
Middle East and Africa. 
 
In Group Management 
since 2020. 
N/A 
25,780 B-shares 
Ricardo Cons 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Head of Business 
Area North America.   
 
In Group Management 
since 2016. 
N/A 
23,741 B-shares 
Leandro Jasiocha 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Head of Business 
Area Latin America. 
 
In Group Management 
 
6,817 B-shares

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
since 2023.  
Anna Ohlsson- 
Leijon 
Chief Commercial 
Officer and Executive 
Vice President. 
 
In Group Management 
since 2016. 
Board member of Atlas 
Copco AB and 
Schneider Electric SE. 
28,850 B-shares 
Ola Nilsson 
Head of Consumer 
Experience & Product 
Lines and Executive 
Vice President.  
 
In Group Management 
since 2016. 
Board member of 
Fractal Gaming Group 
AB. 
38,592 B-shares 
Lars Worsøe 
Petersen 
Head of HR & 
Communications. 
 
In Group Management 
since 2011. 
N/A 
34,456 B-shares 
Interests of the Directors and Senior Management 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer and the private 
interests of the members of the Board of Directors and the senior management. 
 
Major Shareholders 
The ownership of the Group as at 31 March 2023 is set out in the table below: 
 
Share capital, %
Voting rights, %
Investor AB
17.9
30.4
Swedbank Robur Funds 
4.1 
3.3 
Alecta Occupational Pension 
3.7 
4.2 
Handelsbanken Funds 
3.5 
2.7 
BlackRock 
3.0 
2.4 
Vanguard 
2.7 
2.2 
Lannebo Funds 
2.2 
1.8 
Carnegie Funds 
1.9 
1.5 
Norges Bank 
1.7 
1.4 
Third Swedish National Pension Fund 
1.7 
1.4 
Total, ten largest shareholders 
43.7
52.2
Source: Monitor by Modular Finance AB. Compiled and processed data 
from various sources, including Euroclear, Morningstar and the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspekitonen) as of 31 March 
2023. 
The list of shareholders is based on compiled and processed data from various sources, 
including Euroclear, Morningstar and the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as at 31 March 
2023. It should be noted that the actual ownership may be different, since shareholders may have 
their shares registered in the name of a bank or trustee in the share register kept by Euroclear 
Sweden, and not in their own name. 
So far as the Issuer is aware, none of the major shareholders listed above are indirect 
owners of share capital of the Group. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounted to 
approximately SEK 1,545 million, corresponding to 283,077,393 shares. The share capital of the

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
Issuer consists of Class A shares and Class B shares. A Class A share entitles the holder to one 
vote and a Class B share to one-tenth of a vote. All shares entitle the holder to the same proportion 
of assets and earnings and carry equal rights in terms of dividends. In accordance with the Swedish 
Companies Act, the Articles of Association of the Issuer also provide for specific rights of priority for 
holders of different types of shares, in the event that the Issuer issues new shares or certain other 
instruments. 
According to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, owners of Class A shares have the right to 
have such shares converted to Class B shares. The purpose of the conversion clause is to give 
holders of Class A shares an opportunity to achieve improved liquidity in their shareholdings. 
Conversion reduces the total number of votes in the Issuer. 150 A shares were converted to B 
shares in 2022. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total number of registered shares in the Issuer 
amounts to 283,077,393 shares, of which 8,192,168 are Class A shares and 274,885,225 are Class 
B shares, and the total number of votes amounts to 35,680,690.5. 
Based on an authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting held on 30 March 2022, 
the Board of Directors, on 29 April 2022, resolved to repurchase a maximum of 8,000,000 own 
series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm for a total maximum amount of SEK 1,250 million. The 
programme was initiated on 2 May 2022 and completed on 2 September 2022, by which time a total 
of 8,000,000 series B shares had been repurchased for a total of SEK 1,138 million. During 2022, a 
total of 13,049,115 series B shares were repurchased for a total amount of SEK 2,138 million. This 
total amount included 5,049,115 shares repurchased during 2022 as part of the buyback 
programme initiated in October 2021.  
At the Annual General Meeting held on 30 March 2022, the Board also approved a proposal 
to cancel all series B shares that the Issuer owned on 31 December 2021 with a simultaneous 
bonus issue, without issuing any new shares. During 2022, a total of 25,842,915 series B shares 
were cancelled. 
The objective of the share buybacks and cancellations was to optimise the Issuer’s capital 
structure and improve earnings per share. The Board of Directors does not currently intend to 
initiate additional share buybacks.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
TAXATION 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force 
in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
The information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg 
will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their 
private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law 
would be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.  
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of Notes. 
The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general 
information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where Notes are held in an 
investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding reporting obligations 
for, among others, payers of interest. Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding 
the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for 
the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular 
circumstances.  
Holders not tax resident in Sweden  
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to the holder of any Note should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that 
such a holder (i) is not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a 
permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected.  
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal 
amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except for certain 
payments of interest (and other returns on Notes) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
individual) who is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see "Holders tax resident in Sweden" 
below).  
Holders tax resident in Sweden  
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased 
individuals) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, 
income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
taxable. Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for 
example, life insurance companies. Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to 
the extent that, a holder of Notes realises a capital loss on the Notes and to any currency exchange 
gains or losses. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity 
domiciled in Sweden, including a Swedish branch to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
individual) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are 
normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally 
also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together with 
such a payment of interest referred to above.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme 
agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement) dated 4 May 2023 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any further update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to 
any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the 
Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions 
under the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
SFA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes and will not offer or sell any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA), or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not, and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the offering of the Notes in Switzerland is 
exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services 
Act (FinSA) as long as such offering is made to professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA 
only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with 
the offering of the Notes. 
General 
Other than as described in this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction 
that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or 
distribute such offering material in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme, the issue of Notes and the increase of the 
size of the Programme from EUR 3,000,000,000 to EUR 5,000,000,000 have been duly authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 27 April 2023.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and 
from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus together with any future base prospectuses, information 
memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) related to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference, will be available for a period of 10 years 
following the date of this Base Prospectus at: https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/long-term-bond-
issues-363/.  The telephone number of the Issuer is +46 8 738 6000 and its website address is 
https://www.electroluxgroup.com. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or 
the Group since 31 March 2023. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2022.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in: (i) this Base Prospectus at page 21 under “Pending lawsuits in the United States 
claiming asbestos-related personal injuries”, at page 24 under “Other legal disputes and 
investigations” and page 79 under “Pending lawsuits in the United States claiming asbestos-related 
personal injuries”, (ii) in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer at page 35 as described 
under “Asbestos litigation in the U.S.”, at page 82 under Note 6 “Other operating income and 
expenses” and at page 102 under “Legal proceedings”, (iii) in the 2021 Annual Financial Statements of 
the Issuer at page 21 as described under "Asbestos litigation in the U.S." and at page 68 under Note 
25 “Contingent assets and liabilities”, and (iv) in the Q1 2023 Interim Report at page 12 (“Events 
during the quarter” and “Events after the quarter”), neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or 
has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position of the Issuer.  
Auditors  
The previous auditor of the Issuer was Deloitte AB, an authorised accounting firm in the 
Kingdom of Sweden and member of Föreningen Auktoriserade Revisorer (FAR), the institute for the 
accountancy profession in Sweden, who audited the Group financial statements, without qualification 
in accordance with IFRS, and the Issuer's financial statements, without qualification, in accordance 
with generally accepted auditing standards applicable in the Kingdom of Sweden for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
The current auditor of the Issuer is PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, an authorised accounting firm 
in the Kingdom of Sweden and member of FAR, who audited the Group financial statements, without 
qualification in accordance with IFRS, and the Issuer's financial statements, without qualification, in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards applicable in the Kingdom of Sweden for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in the securities of the Issuer, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
THE ISSUER 
AB Electrolux (publ) 
St. Göransgatan 143 
S-105 45 Stockholm 
Sweden 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers 
as to Swedish law 
Advokatfirman Vinge KB 
Smålandsgatan 20 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square  
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021
To the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022
Deloitte AB 
113 79 Stockholm 
Besöksadress: Rehnsgatan 11 
Sweden 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. 
Av Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 1309, 
10th Floor 
São Paulo, SP, 04543-011 
Brazil
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg