--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
AKTIEBOLAGET SVENSK EXPORTKREDIT (publ) 
(SWEDISH EXPORT CREDIT CORPORATION) 
(Incorporated in the Kingdom of Sweden with limited liability) 
Unlimited Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Debt Instruments 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law") and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a 
base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to 
the issue of instruments (the "Instruments") under the programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus 
during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 8(6) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. In the context of such approval, 
the CSSF neither assumes any responsibility nor gives any undertakings as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the quality or solvency of Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
(Swedish Export Credit Corporation) ("SEK" or the "Issuer") in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of SEK nor as an endorsement of the quality 
of any Instruments that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Instruments. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of 
approval, with the validity period ending on 2 April 2025. There is no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The 
CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of 
Instruments under this Programme for which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and for which a Pricing Supplement (as defined herein) is used. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Instruments issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) on markets 
in financial instruments ("EU MiFID II") and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with SEK. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act. Instruments in bearer form are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United 
States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have 
the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder (the 
"Code"). 
The Instruments may be offered and sold (A) in bearer and registered form outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S and (B) in registered form to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") 
under the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers that are qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") are 
hereby notified that sellers of the Instruments may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers 
of Instruments, see 'Transfer Restrictions' and 'Subscription and Sale'. 
SEK has been assigned a senior unsecured debt rating of Aa1 from Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's") 
and a senior unsecured debt rating (for debt maturing in one year or more) of AA+ from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, each 
of Moody's and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating 
Moody's has assigned is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (the "UK") 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating S&P has 
assigned is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. According to Moody's rating system, the Aa1 rating indicates that the obligations are judged to be of high quality 
and are subject to very low credit risk. In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Prospectus on https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aa1' are judged to be 
of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. According to S&P rating system, the AA rating indicates that the issuer 
has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments and references to (+) or (-) show the relative standing within the 
rating categories. In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/research/articles/190705-s-p-global-ratings-definitions-504352, obligations rated 'AA+' 
are judged to differ from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree and indicates that the relevant issuer's capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Instruments issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Instruments already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Investing in Instruments issued under the Programme 
involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of SEK to fulfil its obligations under the 
Instruments are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
CITIGROUP 
 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BMO CAPITAL MARKETS 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP 
DAIWA CAPITAL MARKETS EUROPE 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC  
J.P. MORGAN 
MIZUHO 
NATWEST MARKETS 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NOMURA 
MUFG 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
SMBC 
TOKAI TOKYO SECURITIES EUROPE 
TD SECURITIES 
 
 
 
2 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
SEK has confirmed to the dealers (the "Dealers") named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information regarding SEK (subject to being completed by each relevant 
Final Terms or supplemented, amended and/or replaced by each relevant Pricing Supplement or by each 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus (each as defined herein)) and the Instruments issued under the Programme 
which is (in the context of the issue of the Instruments) material and that such information is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading. SEK accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms. To the best of SEK's knowledge (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
SEK confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Instruments, for which a prospectus is required in connection with 
the issue of such Instruments in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, will be issued on the 
terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "Conditions") as completed by 
a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus"). Each 
Tranche of Instruments, for which no prospectus is required in connection with the issue of such 
Instruments in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, will be issued on the terms set out in the 
Conditions, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by a document specific to such Tranche called a 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). Any reference to the Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to a Drawdown Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable) unless the 
context requires otherwise. In the case of a Tranche of Instruments which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as applicable), each reference in this Base Prospectus to (i) 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or a 
Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and (ii) terms as completed by the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such terms being supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by SEK or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by SEK or 
any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or takes any 
responsibility for any acts or omissions of SEK or any other person in connection with the issue and 
offering of Instruments under this Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instrument shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
prospects or financial or trading position of SEK since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by SEK and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and 
on distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Instruments see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Instruments have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
 
 
 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as those terms are defined in Regulation S), except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Instruments in bearer form 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Instruments may not be 
offered, sold or delivered to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons or persons in the 
United States or its possessions, as those terms are defined in the Code. The Instruments may be offered 
and sold (A) in bearer and registered form outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and (B) in registered form to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR ANY INSTRUMENT ISSUED HEREUNDER HAS BEEN 
APPROVED 
OR 
DISAPPROVED 
BY 
THE 
U.S. 
SECURITIES 
AND 
EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY 
OFFERING OF INSTRUMENTS OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE 
IN THE UNITED STATES. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER EU MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and 
which channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, any 
Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by SEK, the Dealers or any of them that 
any recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Instruments. Each recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be deemed to have made its 
own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of SEK. 
In addition, in the context of any offer of Instruments that is not made within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, there is certain important 
information that is set out herein under "Important Information relating to Public Offer of Instruments". 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
SEK does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Instruments pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). If applicable, SEK will make a determination in relation to 
each issue about the classification of the Instruments being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of 
the SFA. Any such legend included in the Final Terms will constitute notice to the "relevant persons" for 
the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Instruments, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
 
 
 
Instruments or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Instruments at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Instruments is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Instruments and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Instruments. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Relevant State" are references to a 
Member State of the EEA, references to "USD", "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "£" or "sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to 
"SKr" are to Swedish Krona, references to "Euro", "euro", "€" or "EUR" are to the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended, references to "Renminbi" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) (the "PRC") and references to "S$" are to the lawful 
currency of Singapore. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators ("URLs") are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL, 
with the exception of links to the electronic addresses where information incorporated by reference is 
available, do not form part of, nor is deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED STATES 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States of America, and may not be 
offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable 
state securities laws. Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved 
the Instruments or determined whether this Base Prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. The Instruments issued hereunder may be offered 
(a) to QIBs in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A and (b) outside the United States only to non-U.S. persons in "offshore transactions" in 
accordance with Regulation S. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
SEK shall, in relation to any Instruments which are restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) 
under the Securities Act) and during any period in relation thereto during which it is neither subject to 
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under 
the Exchange Act, make available on request to each holder or beneficial owner of such Instruments in 
connection with any re-sale thereof and to any prospective purchaser of such Instruments from such 
holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon request, the information specified in and meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act (so long as such requirement is necessary in 
order to permit holders of Instruments to effect re-sales pursuant to Rule 144A). 
ENFORCEMENT OF LIABILITIES 
SEK is a public limited liability company incorporated in Sweden, and all of its directors and executive 
officers and the experts named herein are residents of countries other than the United States. The assets of 
SEK and all or a substantial portion of the assets of such persons are located outside the United States. As 
a result, it may be difficult or impossible for investors to effect service of process within the United States 
upon such persons or to realise against them or SEK upon judgments of courts of the United States 
predicated upon civil liabilities under the Securities Act. SEK has been advised by its Swedish counsel, 
CMS Wistrand Advokatbyrå, that there is doubt as to the enforceability of claims in Sweden in respect of

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
 
 
 
liabilities predicated solely upon the Securities Act, whether or not such claims are based upon judgments 
of United States courts. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus and certain documents incorporated by reference herein contain certain forward-
looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and Section 27A of the Securities Act. These forward-looking 
statements are based on SEK's current expectations and projections about future events. These statements 
include but are not limited to: 
• 
statements regarding financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions; 
• 
statements regarding plans, objectives and expectations relating to future operations and services; 
• 
statements regarding the impact of regulatory initiatives on SEK's operations; 
• 
statements regarding general industry and macroeconomic growth rates and SEK's performance 
relative to them; and 
• 
statements regarding future performance. 
Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words "expect", "anticipate", "believe", 
"intend", "estimate", "should", and similar expressions. 
Forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore investors 
should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only on the date they are 
made, and SEK undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement in light of new 
information or future events, although SEK intends to continue to meet its ongoing disclosure obligations 
under the U.S. securities laws (such as the obligations to file annual reports on Form 20-F and reports on 
Form 6-K) and under other applicable laws. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and 
uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond SEK's control. Investors are 
cautioned that a number of important factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially 
from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, 
the following: 
• 
disruptions in the financial markets or economic recessions (including as a result of geopolitical 
instability) can adversely affect SEK's operations and financial performance; 
• 
disruptions in the financial markets or economic recessions can adversely affect SEK's credit risk 
and counterparty credit risk; 
• 
SEK's concentrated credit portfolio could have a material adverse effect on SEK's business 
and/or its ability to repay its debts; 
• 
the deteriorating national security situation in Sweden could have an adverse effect on SEK's 
business and operations; 
• 
SEK is exposed to material operational risk, which could harm SEK's business, financial 
performance, or the ability to repay its debt; 
• 
a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar or new viruses could have an adverse effect 
on SEK's business and operations; 
• 
SEK may experience negative changes in the value of its assets or liabilities and may incur other 
losses related to volatile and illiquid market conditions; 
• 
losses could result from SEK's derivatives used for hedging, and SEK's hedging strategies may 
not be effective; 
• 
reduced access to international capital markets for the financing of SEK's operations, or less 
favourable financing terms, may have a negative impact on SEK's profitability and its ability to 
fulfil its obligations; 
• 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could harm SEK's business; 
• 
fluctuations in interest rates could have an adverse effect on SEK's business and results of 
operations;

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
SEK is exposed to sustainability risks and environmental, social and governance factors that 
could negatively impact SEK's financial performance; 
• 
developments in emerging market countries may result in credit losses for SEK on loans to 
customers in those countries; and 
• 
changes in laws, regulations or accounting standards may adversely affect SEK's business. 
Any potential investor should, however, consult any additional disclosures that SEK has made or may 
make in documents that SEK has filed or may file with the SEC and under other applicable laws and 
regulations. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures) ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") are included in this Base 
Prospectus. See "Glossary" for more information. 
INSTRUMENTS ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS, SOCIAL BONDS OR SUSTAINABILITY BONDS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental or social assessment of any 
Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (each as defined below) or 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Instruments will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in 
relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") 
and any implementing legislation and guidelines) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve 
from time to time. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any 
Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring 
of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient 
eligible green, social or sustainability projects as set out under the Green Bond Framework or 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
or Sustainability Bond Framework including the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation 
to the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds set out in therein. In 2015, the Issuer published 
its green bond framework (as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "Green 
Bond Framework") and CICERO Shades of Green has issued an independent second opinion, dated 9 
September 2014 (the "2014 SPO") evaluating the ability of the Green Bond Framework to secure projects 
that support a low carbon and climate friendly future. The Issuer published its Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time the "Sustainability Bond 
Framework") in November 2021. CICERO Shades of Green has issued an independent second opinion, 
dated 7 December 2021 (the "2021 SPO") confirming alignment of the Sustainability Bond Framework 
with: (in respect of Green Bonds) the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA") Green Bond 
Principles (2021 edition); (in respect of Social Bonds) the ICMA Social Bond Principles 2020 and the UN 
Sustainability Development Goals; and (in respect of Sustainability Bonds) the ICMA Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines 2018 (as well as the applicable principles for Green Bonds and Social Bonds above). 
The proceeds of Instruments that are issued as Green Bonds may be used in accordance with the 
provisions of either the Green Bond Framework or the applicable provisions of the Sustainability Bond 
Framework, or both (or if specified in the relevant Final Terms, as so specified). 
The Green Bond Framework, the 2014 SPO, the Sustainability Bond Framework and the 2021 SPO can 
be found at https://www.sek.se/en/sustainability/green-bonds/, however, they are not incorporated herein 
nor do they form part of this Base Prospectus, and may be subject to amendment, supplement or 
replacement from time to time. 
The 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO (and any further opinion that may be provided in connection with Green 
Bond Framework or Sustainability Bond Framework) provide opinions on certain environmental and 
related considerations and are not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
 
 
 
in any Instruments, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security. Each of the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO are statements of opinion, not 
statements of fact. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability Bond Framework, the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO or any 
other such opinion or certification of any third party (whether solicited by the Issuer or not) that may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Instruments. No assurance or representation is given 
with respect to whether eligible green, social or sustainability projects as set out under the Green Bond 
Framework or Sustainability Bond Framework fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria, and the 2014 SPO, the 2021 SPO or any other such opinion or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Instrument, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security or any other 
factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Each of the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO or any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Instruments 
and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of 
the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and 
each of the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the 
Sustainability Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ 
from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the 
Sustainability Bond Framework, the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Instruments are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime 
of 
the 
Instruments.

--- Page 10 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF INSTRUMENTS ................... 26 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 29 
FORM OF THE INSTRUMENTS ............................................................................................................. 33 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .................................................................................................................. 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 47 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 118 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 120 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................................................... 145 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
 .................................................................................................................................................................. 170 
SEK – AN INTRODUCTION .................................................................................................................. 174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 178 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 184 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION .......................................................................... 186 
UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN CONSIDERATIONS ............................................. 194 
THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS ............................................................................................... 197 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 201 
GLOSSARY ............................................................................................................................................. 204

--- Page 11 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, SEK may from time to time issue Instruments denominated in any currency or 
currencies subject as set out herein. The applicable terms and conditions of any Instruments will be 
agreed between SEK and the relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Instruments and will be those set 
out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by each relevant Pricing Supplement or by each 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to SEK, the industry in which it operates and the 
Instruments outlined below are the risks that SEK believes to be the most relevant to an assessment by a 
prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Instruments. However, as the risks SEK 
faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, prospective 
investors should consider among other things, the risks and uncertainties described below. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. Investing in the Instruments involves certain risks. In addition, the purchase of 
certain Instruments may involve substantial risks and be suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the 
risks and the merits of an investment in the Instruments. Prospective investors should make such inquiries 
as they deem necessary without relying on SEK or any Dealer and should consult with their financial, 
tax, legal, accounting and other advisers, prior to deciding to make an investment in the Instruments. 
Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
RISKS RELATING TO SEK 
Described below are the most significant risk factors that could affect the business, results of operations 
and financial condition of SEK and its wholly-owned subsidiary (together, the "Group") and could cause 
SEK's results to differ materially from those expressed in public statements or documents. 
The factors discussed below should not be regarded as an explanation of all potential risks that SEK may 
face. 
Credit risk and counterparty credit risk 
Disruptions in the financial markets or economic recessions can adversely affect SEK's operations and 
financial performance. 
SEK's business and earnings are affected by general business, economic and market conditions, especially 
those pertaining to Sweden and Europe, and those that have a global impact, which can affect the 
financial markets. Uncertainty remains concerning the outlook and the future economic environment 
globally due to, among other things, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, the armed conflict between Israel 
and Hamas, which risks spreading to other countries, the Houthi militia's attacks on commercial ships in 
the Red Sea region, which is having a negative effect on trade flows leading to higher freight rates and 
shipping delays, and higher inflation, interest rates and recessionary concerns. 
The Russia-Ukraine war and the armed conflict between Israel and Hamas could each, if intensified 
further, give rise to added substantial geopolitical instability (also taking into account the current friction 
between China and Taiwan and between China and the United States), trade restrictions, supply chain 
disruptions, increases in energy prices and global inflationary pressure, which could in turn could have 
further adverse impacts on the regional and global economic environment.  
Additionally, even in the absence of slow economic growth or recessions, other economic circumstances 
– including, but not limited to, high inflation, high interest rates, volatility in energy prices, contractions 
in infrastructure spending, fluctuations in market interest or exchange rates, and concerns over the 
financial health of sovereign governments and their instrumentalities –may have negative consequences 
for the companies and industries that SEK provides financing to as well as the financial condition of 
SEK's financial counterparties and could, in addition to the other factors cited above, have material 
adverse effects on SEK's business prospects, financial condition and/or the ability of the Company to 
fulfil its debt obligations. 
Disruptions in the financial markets or economic recessions can adversely affect SEK's credit risk and 
counterparty credit risk. 
Credit and counterparty risk exposure is inherent in SEK's business model. Dysfunctional and volatile 
financial markets or effects of an economic recession could have material negative effects on asset values 
and credit losses. As a financial institution, which lends money to customers globally, SEK's business 
could be materially adversely affected by unfavourable global and local economic and market conditions,

--- Page 13 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
as well as geopolitical events and other developments in Europe, the United States, Asia and elsewhere 
around the world. The ongoing war in Ukraine and the armed conflict in the Middle East could lead to 
further tensions and instability in financial markets, including significant volatility in commodity prices 
and supply of energy resources, supply chain disruptions, political and social instability as well as an 
increase in cyberattacks and espionage. Dysfunctional markets and an economic recession may affect 
business and consumer spending, bankruptcy rates and asset prices and could lead to customers' and 
counterparties' increasing their demand for loans, becoming delinquent in their loan repayments or other 
obligations and ultimately losing their ability to fulfil their obligations towards SEK. Even though SEK to 
a large extent is covered by government export credit guarantees in its lending, there could be 
circumstances where dysfunctional markets and an economic recession could lead to an increase in SEK's 
provisions for delinquent and defaulted debt and other provisions for non-guaranteed loans, which could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on SEK's business and/or its ability to repay its debts. 
SEK's concentrated credit portfolio could have a material adverse effect on SEK's business and/or its 
ability to repay its debts. 
SEK's credit portfolio has a composition that reflects the Swedish export industry. A large part of SEK's 
exposures is covered by guarantees from the Swedish Export Credits Guarantee Board ("EKN") and other 
government export credit agencies within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(the "OECD"). However, SEK has some large exposures without guarantees, to international export 
corporations that have high ratings. Even though these companies are large international corporations 
with high ratings they could be affected by, for example, disruption in supply chains, increases in prices, 
high interest rates, volatile capital markets and current geopolitical events. A default by any of these large 
corporations could lead to an increase in SEK's provisions for delinquent and defaulted debt and other 
provisions, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on SEK's business prospects, financial 
condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
The deteriorating national security situation in Sweden could have an adverse effect on SEK's business 
and operations. 
Sweden is facing a deteriorating national security situation for two different reasons. 
One reason is that the threat of attacks from terrorists or violent extremists has increased. The Swedish 
Security Service has raised the terrorist threat level from level 3 ('elevated') to level 4 ('high') on a 5-level 
scale. Due to the deteriorating national security situation, the Swedish Government has communicated 
that it is working intensively and constantly to take the necessary measures to reduce the risk of terrorist 
attacks. 
Another reason is that the risk of Sweden being involved in armed conflicts has increased. On 27 
February 2022, Sweden announced that it would break its doctrine of not sending arms to countries in 
active conflict and sent military equipment to Ukraine. On 7 March 2023, the Swedish Government 
adopted the bill on Sweden's NATO membership, and two weeks later the Swedish Parliament approved 
Sweden's accession to the North Atlantic Treaty. On 7 March 2024, Sweden became a full member of 
NATO. 
A deteriorating national security situation due to actual or threatened attacks from terrorists or violent 
extremists or Sweden's increased involvement in armed conflicts could have an adverse effect on the 
Swedish economy and lead to instability in the Swedish financial market, which could impact SEK's 
ability to raise capital and adversely affect SEK's funding and lending business. Additionally, the 
aforementioned factors could increase SEK's counterparty risk, which may include, among others, that 
SEK's customers may not be able to perform on obligations to SEK. The effect of any of these events, 
developments, or threats could have material adverse effects on SEK's business prospects, financial 
condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations.

--- Page 14 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Operational risk 
SEK is exposed to material operational risk, which could harm SEK's business, financial performance 
or the ability to repay its debt. 
SEK's business is dependent on the ability to process complex transactions in an efficient and accurate 
manner. Operational risk for a financial institution such as SEK can arise from inadequate or failed 
internal processes or systems, human error, malfeasance or from external events.  
Failed internal processes and legal risks: Failed internal processes and legal risks can arise from internal 
or external sources, including from human error, employee misconduct, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisations, noncompliance with regulations or fraud related to 
money laundering, financing of terrorism, corruption, or other criminal activities. Failure to address risks 
relating to failed internal processes and legal risks or failure to in any other way meet SEK's 
commitments and expectations may lead to costs, losses, or damage to SEK's reputation, which may 
negatively affect customers' and investors' confidence in SEK, and consequently SEK's business, 
financial performance, or ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
 
IT- and information security risks: IT- and information security risks can, for example, arise from internal 
or external (outsourced or counterparties) system failures, failure in system development, loss of 
information, information security failures, such as data loss, cybersecurity incidents, human error by 
employees, internal fraud, or other criminal acts. 
As an example, cybersecurity incidents continue to be a global threat and have been amplified as a result 
of the current geopolitical turmoil. Western support of the ongoing war in Ukraine could further intensify 
such risks if Swedish government activities and companies are targeted in future cybersecurity incidents. 
Although management of operational risk includes 24/7 surveillance of critical parts of the IT-systems 
and is designed to efficiently mitigate all material risk and to be compliant with regulatory requirements, 
the processes and systems in place could prove to be insufficient, or cybersecurity incidents against 
national critical infrastructure in Sweden or elsewhere could compromise SEK's ability to successfully 
prevent and defend against cybersecurity incidents. 
A successful cybersecurity incident could have a material adverse effect on SEK, including operational 
consequences such as unavailability of services, networks, systems, or data, and could also lead to 
unauthorised access to customer data and other sensitive information. It may also lead to additional costs, 
as a result of, for example, remediation measures, losses or damages to SEK's reputation, which may 
negatively affect customers' and investors' confidence in SEK, and consequently SEK's business 
prospects, financial condition or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
SEK is further subject to cybersecurity regulations and cybersecurity incident reporting requirements. The 
increased digitisation and elevated risk of cybersecurity incidents have, for example, led to EU legislation 
in this area, the Digital Operational Resilience Act, applicable in all member states from 17 January 2025. 
If SEK fails to comply with these and other regulations and reporting requirements, SEK may be subject 
to significant regulatory fines, which may also damage SEK's reputation. In addition, the increased 
regulatory burden has led to increased technology and compliance costs for SEK. 
A resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar or new viruses could have an adverse effect on 
SEK's business and operations. 
While production and supply have largely been restored globally after the COVID-19 pandemic there is 
still a risk for a spread of new mutations of the virus or similar or new viruses. A resurgence of COVID-
19 could have a material negative affect on economic growth and business operations across the global 
economy and it may also have the effect of increasing the likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks 
described herein. Such weakening of the economy could have a material adverse impact on the 
performance or operations of financial markets and counterparties to SEK and consequently impact SEK, 
or the cost of funding for SEK, which could have an adverse impact on SEK's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, SEK's own operations have been and could 
further be affected by high absence of staff and challenges due to remote working, which could amplify 
operational risks and limit operating capabilities. The impact that a resurgence of COVID-19, or an 
outbreak of another virus, could have on SEK's operational and financial performance will depend on 
multiple unknown factors, including the timing, duration and spread of any future outbreaks, the length

--- Page 15 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
and timing of government restrictions and travel limitations, mitigating actions taken by governmental 
authorities in response to the outbreak as well as factors dependent on the effectiveness and timing of 
SEK's mitigating actions. Even with governments, counterparties and SEK's mitigating actions taken into 
account, the effect of an outbreak could have a material adverse effect on SEK's business prospects, 
financial condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
Financial risk 
SEK may experience negative changes in the value of its assets or liabilities and may incur other losses 
related to volatile and illiquid market conditions. 
Increased market volatility, illiquid market conditions and disruptions in the credit markets, such as those 
observed during the spring of 2020 at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, and, to a certain extent, 
in the spring of 2023 when several institutions in the United States and Europe faced significant financial 
difficulties, could make it difficult to value SEK's assets and liabilities during certain periods. In 
particular, SEK is exposed to changes in the fair value of certain assets of liabilities due to unrealised 
gains and losses (e.g., in the form of changes in currency basis spread). Such changes in fair value could 
have a negative impact on SEK's results as reported under IFRS. 
Subsequent valuations, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the value of 
SEK's assets or liabilities in future periods. Changes in asset prices can also lead to increased margin 
requirements for SEK's derivative exposures. Furthermore, at the time of any sale of any such assets, the 
prices SEK ultimately realises will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at the time of sale 
and may be materially lower than such assets' current fair value. Any of these factors could have an 
impact on the valuation of SEK's assets and liabilities, and may therefore have an adverse effect on SEK's 
results of operations, financial condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
Losses could result from SEK's derivatives used for hedging, and SEK's hedging strategies may not be 
effective. 
SEK uses hedging instruments to seek to manage interest rate-, currency-, credit-, basis- and other 
market-related risks. If any of the variety of instruments and strategies SEK uses to hedge exposure to 
various types of risk is not effective, SEK may incur losses, which may have an adverse effect on SEK's 
financial condition and could impair its ability to timely repay or refinance its debts. The majority of 
SEK's derivative contracts are OTC (over-the-counter) derivatives, i.e., derivative contracts that are not 
traded on an exchange. These derivatives are entered into under ISDA Master Agreements. If a 
counterparty were to default on these contracts, the underlying exposure would no longer be effectively 
hedged, which could result in losses. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that SEK will continue to be able to hedge risks related to current 
or future assets or liabilities in accordance with its current policies in an efficient manner or at all. 
Disruptions such as market crises and economic recessions, including potentially as a result of a 
resurgence of COVID-19 or variations thereof (including new strains or unforeseen new diseases or 
infections) may bring a challenge to the availability and effective hedging instruments or strategies. An 
inability to hedge any material risks could result in additional losses, which could have an adverse effect 
on SEK's results of operations, financial condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt 
obligations. 
Reduced access to international capital markets for the financing of SEK's operations, or less 
favourable financing terms may, have a negative impact on SEK's profitability and its ability to fulfil 
its obligations. 
In order to finance its operations, SEK is dependent on the international capital markets, where it 
competes with other issuers of similar standing to obtain financing. Although SEK has been able to 
finance its operations successfully to date, factors outside of SEK's control may have material adverse 
effects on SEK's continued ability to obtain such financing or could cause the cost of such financing to 
increase. As a result of the global outbreak of COVID-19, for example, global markets became extremely 
turbulent and volatile during the spring of 2020 and SEK experienced an increase in costs of funding 
through the international capital markets (as did other issuers during the same period). A similar situation, 
although not as a severe, occurred as a result of the significant financial difficulties that several financial 
institutions in the United States and Europe faced in the spring of 2023. In both periods, SEK was able to

--- Page 16 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
offset the increased cost of funding by increasing the margins on its lending, but that might not be 
possible in the future. This could result in more expensive access to the capital markets, which could in 
turn, have a material adverse effect on SEK's results of operations. 
An additional key factor influencing the cost and availability of financing is SEK's credit rating. Although 
instruments issued by SEK under several of its securities programs, including its U.S.$ Medium Term 
Notes Program, have favourable credit ratings from various credit rating agencies currently, those credit 
ratings depend on many factors, some of which are outside of SEK's control. Significant factors in 
determining SEK's credit ratings or that otherwise could affect its ability to raise financing include its 
ownership structure, asset quality, liquidity profile, short and long-term financial prospects, risk 
exposures, capital ratios, prudential measures as well as government support and SEK's public policy 
role. Although SEK's owner (the Swedish State) has reaffirmed continued support for SEK's current 
public policy role, there is a risk that this stance could change in the future. Deterioration in any one of 
these factors or any combination of these factors may lead rating agencies to downgrade SEK's credit 
ratings. If SEK were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings, it would likely become necessary to 
offer increased interest margins in the capital markets in order to obtain financing, which would likely 
have a material adverse effect on SEK's profit margins and earnings, and harm its overall liquidity and 
business and its ability to fulfil its debt obligations. 
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could harm SEK's business. 
As an international lending institution, SEK faces exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency 
exchange rates. The adequacy of SEK's financial resources may be impacted by changes in currency 
exchange rates that affect the value, in Swedish currency, of SEK's foreign currency obligations. SEK's 
exposure to foreign currency exchange risk is caused primarily by fluctuations in the Skr/USD exchange 
rate and the Skr/EUR exchange rate. Countries could undertake actions that could significantly impact the 
value of their currencies such as "quantitative easing" or "quantitative tightening" measures and potential 
withdrawals from common currencies and other currency control measures. Even though SEK carefully 
monitors and hedges its foreign currency exposures, changes in currency exchange rates adverse to SEK 
could harm SEK's business, its profitability and its ability to repay its debts. SEK does not hedge its 
exposure towards currency exchange-rate effects related to unrealised changes in the fair value of its 
assets and liabilities, which could negatively affect SEK's results of operations. Also, any strengthening 
of the Swedish krona against other currencies may reduce demand for the products sold overseas by 
SEK's Swedish clients and thus reduce demand for its loans from end-purchasers of such products or 
cause such clients to experience increased difficulty in repaying their loans to SEK. Such eventualities 
could have an adverse effect on SEK's business prospects, financial condition and/or the ability of the 
Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could have an adverse effect on SEK's business and results of operations. 
Interest rate changes can have a significant effect on SEK and its business and results of operations. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond SEK's control, including increased regulation of 
the financial sector, inflation, fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks and, 
domestic and international economic and political conditions, and can thus be volatile. For example, the 
monetary policy in Sweden and other countries has since 2022 abruptly changed due to rising inflation. 
Since April 2022, the Riksbank (Sweden's central bank) has raised the policy rate from 0.00 percent to 
4.00 percent as at 31 January 2024. 
These actions affect interest rates, which in turn affects SEK's interest income, the value of SEK's 
financial instruments, the value of SEK's loans and deposits and the volume of new loans, increase the 
likelihood of a more volatile Swedish krona exchange rate and impact SEK's customers. 
For example, fluctuations in interest rates could affect the interest earned on SEK's lending portfolio and 
the interest paid on SEK's borrowings, thereby affecting SEK's net interest income, with the risk of 
reducing its growth rate and profitability. Furthermore, increases in interest rates may result in lower 
demand for new lending. As an example, investments by SEK's customers have recently been postponed 
or cancelled as a result of updated investment estimates based on significantly higher interest rates. 
Changes in interest rates may also affect SEK's customers' ability to repay their loans, which could result 
in SEK having to record losses on such loans, which could have a material adverse effect on SEK's results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Sustainability risk 
SEK is exposed to sustainability risks and environmental, social and governance matters factors that 
could negatively impact SEK's financial performance. 
Sustainability risks and environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors such as climate change, 
human rights issues and financial crime pose risks to SEK's business, its customers' and the wider society. 
If SEK fails to meet evolving regulatory expectations or requirements relating to these matters it could 
have regulatory compliance and reputational impacts. 
SEK analyses and considers sustainability and ESG risks in business targets and lending decisions. 
Increased attention to ESG matters, regulatory requirements and societal expectations regarding voluntary 
ESG initiatives and disclosures, may result in increased costs (including but not limited to costs related to 
compliance), impact SEK's reputation or otherwise affect its business performance. SEK has, to date, and 
may in the future, continue to take certain actions, including further establishment of ESG-related goals or 
targets, to address ESG matters. There can be no assurances that SEK's commitments will be achieved in 
the manner it currently intends, or at all, and any inability to satisfy such commitments or to meet societal 
expectations can result in negative impacts on SEK's reputation or otherwise affect its business 
performance. 
Climate change could expose SEK to financial risks either through its physical (e.g., climate or weather-
related events) or transitional (e.g., changes in climate policy) effects. Transition risks could be further 
accelerated by the occurrence of changes in the physical climate. Physical risks from climate change arise 
from climate and weather-related events, such as heatwaves, droughts, floods, storms, sea level rise, 
coastal erosion and subsidence. These risks could result in significant damage to customers' property or 
businesses or have a material impact on customers' business models, which in turn could negatively affect 
SEK's customers' financial position or solvency. Transition risks arise from the process of adjustment 
towards a low-carbon economy. SEK may face significant and rapid developments in stakeholder 
expectations, policy, law and regulation which could impact the lending activities SEK undertakes, as 
well as the risks associated with its lending portfolio, and the value of SEK's financial assets. 
Reputational risk could arise from a failure to meet changing societal, investor or regulatory demands. 
Failure to adequately embed risks associated with climate change into its risk framework to appropriately 
measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks it faces as a result of climate 
change, or failure to adapt SEK's strategy and business model to the changing regulatory requirements 
and market expectations on a timely basis may have a material and adverse impact on SEK's reputation, 
business prospects, financial condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
Developments in emerging market countries may result in credit losses for SEK on loans to customers 
in those countries. 
SEK grants loans to customers in a number of emerging markets. Lending in emerging markets generally 
involves greater economic or political risk than in more developed countries, including economic crises, 
potentially unstable governments, risks of nationalisation of businesses or appropriation of assets, 
restrictions on foreign ownership and uncertain legal systems. Although a significant amount of SEK's 
loans is guaranteed by EKN and other government export credit agencies within the OECD, 63 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2023, SEK could experience credit losses with respect to those loans not covered by a 
guarantee, which could reduce SEK's net income and have a material adverse effect on SEK's business 
prospects, financial condition and/or the ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. 
Regulatory Risks 
Changes in laws, regulations or accounting standards may adversely affect SEK's business. SEK's 
business is subject to regulation and regulatory oversight. In particular, SEK is subject to financial 
services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each location in which it operates. 
Significant legal or regulatory developments could affect the manner in which SEK conducts its business 
and the results of SEK's operations. Changes to existing laws, or the interpretation or enforcement of 
laws, may directly impact SEK's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, changes to the current system of supervision and regulation, or any failure to comply with 
applicable rules (and particularly those applicable in Sweden), could materially and adversely affect

--- Page 18 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
SEK's authorisation to operate, its business, its financial condition or results of operation and/or the 
ability of the Company to fulfil its debt obligations. For example, as a result of legislative changes in 
2017, the Swedish FSA required most financial institutions in Sweden, including SEK, to pay a higher 
resolution fee to the resolution fund to support the recovery of credit institutions, which adversely 
affected SEK's results of operations. 
On 20 June 2023, the Swedish National Debt Office communicated its decision that it does not consider 
there to be grounds for managing SEK through resolution. The decision implies that SEK does not have 
to issue senior non-preferred bonds (for which the interest rate may be considerably higher than on senior 
preferred bonds) to meet the MREL requirement. The Swedish National Debt Office reviews the above 
position of SEK on an annual basis, so it may be subject to change in the future. If the Swedish National 
Debt Office were to change its position in relation to SEK so that SEK again will have to meet the MREL 
requirement by issuing senior non-preferred bonds, SEK's ability to obtain financing may be reduced or 
impeded, the cost of funding may increase for SEK or SEK's ability to fulfil its obligations may be 
impaired. 
A further example of such regulation that has had, and could continue to have, an impact on SEK's results 
of operations is the Basel Framework. In December 2017, the Basel Committee introduced final revisions 
to the Basel III capital framework to reduce the variability of risk-weighted assets within the banking 
system. In 2019, additional revisions were made by the Basel Committee to the CVA framework. In 
October 2021, the EU published proposals to CRR and CRD (CRR III and CRD VI), with the purpose to 
implement the Basel revisions into EU law. The EU proposal follows the defined requirements of the 
Basel standards, and while SEK expects a net positive impact of the new requirements on the Company's 
risk exposure amount, uncertainty remains until the new regulations have been finalised. Under the EU 
proposal, the CRD VI needs to be implemented into Swedish national legislation prior to 1 January 2025 
before the new requirements become applicable for SEK, while the CRR III will become applicable for 
SEK as of 1 January 2025. 
 
In addition, laws and regulations relating to financial crime, including in relation to anti-money 
laundering, counter-terrorism, anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions, in the locations where SEK 
operates, have become, and may continue to become, increasingly complex and detailed. For example, the 
war between Russia and Ukraine has led to severe financial and economic sanctions and export controls 
being imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other UN member 
states and jurisdictions against Russia, Belarus and certain regions in Ukraine and there is a risk that 
additional sanctions or restrictions will be implemented. Such sanctions and other measures, may result in 
increased costs and regulatory burden for SEK and have an impact on SEK's borrowing business due to 
even more limited business opportunities in the relevant regions or early termination of loan agreements. 
The increasing complexity of financial crime regulation also pose a significant challenge to SEK, 
involving overlapping requirements between different local legislation, which could have adverse 
reputational and regulatory consequences for SEK in case of, for example, misinterpretation of such 
legislation, and also lead to increased operational and compliance costs as a result of, for example, SEK 
having to seek legal advice from local legal advisors. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
Risks Relating to Regulatory Action 
Regulatory action in the event SEK is failing or likely to fail could materially adversely affect the value 
of the Instruments. 
Directive 2014/59/EU (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time including without 
limitation by Directive 2019/879/EU) ("BRRD"), also known as the European Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, provides an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, their subsidiaries and certain holding companies. The BRRD requires 
all EEA member states to provide their relevant resolution authorities with a set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's 
failure on the broader economy and financial system. 
In Sweden, the requirements of the BRRD are implemented into national law, inter alia, by the 
Resolution Act 2016 (as amended, the "Resolution Act"). The Resolution Act confers substantial

--- Page 19 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
powers on the Swedish National Debt Office (in certain circumstances, in consultation with the Swedish 
FSA) to enable it to take a range of actions in relation to Swedish financial institutions that are 
considered to be at risk of failing. The resolution powers are designed to be triggered prior to insolvency 
of an issuer that is determined to be systemically important. Although the Resolution Act provides for 
conditions to the exercise of any resolution powers, it is uncertain how the Swedish National Debt 
Office would assess those conditions in different pre-insolvency scenarios and in deciding whether to 
exercise a resolution power. While the Swedish National Debt Office communicated on 20 June 2023 
that its view is that if SEK were to default, its failure would not precipitate significant disruption in the 
Swedish financial system, and SEK can therefore be managed through bankruptcy or liquidation in such 
event (see "Changes in laws, regulations or accounting standards may adversely affect SEK's business. 
SEK's business is subject to regulation and regulatory oversight. In particular, SEK is subject to financial 
services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each location in which it operates." 
above), the Swedish National Debt Office can amend its decision at any time and this position may 
therefore be subject to change in the future. 
Should the Swedish National Debt Office change its view in relation to SEK and determine that it is a 
systemically important institution that should be managed through resolution in the event of a crisis, the 
Swedish National Debt Office is not required to provide any advance notice to Holders of the Instruments 
of its decision to exercise any resolution power. In such event, Holders may not be able to anticipate a 
potential exercise of any resolution power (including the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) or the 
potential effect of any exercise of those powers on SEK or the Instruments and Holders may have only 
very limited rights to challenge or seek a suspension of any decision of the Swedish National Debt Office 
to exercise its resolution powers (including the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) or to have that 
decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
If the Swedish National Debt Office changes its view in relation to SEK and exercises any of its 
resolution powers or actions in relation to SEK (see "The Resolution Act confers substantial powers on 
the Swedish resolution authority to enable it to take a range of actions in relation to Swedish credit 
institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any of these actions in relation to 
SEK could materially adversely affect the value of any Instruments" below), or suggests the exercise of 
any of these powers, it could materially adversely affect the value of any Instruments and could lead to 
Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Instruments. 
The Resolution Act confers substantial powers on the Swedish resolution authority to enable it to take 
a range of actions in relation to Swedish credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. 
The exercise of any of these actions in relation to SEK could materially adversely affect the value of 
any Instruments. 
Under the Resolution Act, substantial powers are granted to the Swedish National Debt Office enabling it 
to implement resolution measures with respect to a relevant Swedish entity in circumstances in which the 
Swedish National Debt Office considers the failure of the relevant entity has become highly likely and a 
threat is posed to the public interest. The stabilisation options available to the Swedish National Debt 
Office (all of the below except for (v), which is available to the Swedish Government) provide for: 
(i) 
private sector transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity; 
(ii) 
transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge bank"; 
(iii) 
transfer to an asset management vehicle; 
(iv) 
the bail-in tool; and 
(v) 
temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of the relevant entity. 
Each of these stabilisation options is achieved through the exercise of one or more "stabilisation powers", 
which include (i) the power to make share transfer orders pursuant to which all or some of the securities 
issued by a Swedish entity may be transferred to a commercial purchaser, a bridge bank or the Swedish 
government; (ii) the resolution instrument power that includes the exercise of the bail-in tool; (iii) the 
power to transfer all or some of the property, rights and liabilities of a Swedish entity to a commercial 
purchaser or the Swedish National Debt Office; and (iv) the third country instrument powers that 
recognise the effect of similar special resolution action taken under the law of a country outside the EU. A

--- Page 20 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
share transfer order can extend to a wide range of securities, including shares and bonds issued by a 
Swedish entity and warrants for those shares and bonds, and could, therefore, apply to the Instruments. In 
addition, the Resolution Act grants powers to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances 
and powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be invoked as a result of the exercise 
of the resolution powers. 
The stabilisation options are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings 
with respect to the relevant entity could have been initiated. The purpose of the stabilisation options is to 
address the situation where all or part of a business of a relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to 
encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public interest concerns. Accordingly, the 
stabilisation options may be exercised if the Swedish National Debt Office determines that: (i) a relevant 
entity is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) it is not reasonably likely that any action will be taken to avoid the 
entity's failure (other than pursuant to the other stabilisation powers under the Resolution Act); (iii) the 
exercise of the stabilisation powers are necessary, taking into account certain public interest 
considerations such as the stability of the Swedish financial system, public confidence in the Swedish 
banking and resolution systems and the protection of depositors (also regulated by the Swedish FSA); and 
(iv) the objectives of the resolution measures would not be met to the same extent by the winding up of 
the entity. The use of different stabilisation powers is also subject to further "specific conditions" that 
vary according to the relevant stabilisation power being used. 
In the event the Swedish National Debt Office changes its view in relation to SEK and determines that it 
should be managed through resolution in the event of a crisis and where the conditions for intervention 
under the Resolution Act have been met, the Swedish National Debt Office would be expected to exercise 
these powers without the further consent of the Holders. Holders may have only very limited rights to 
challenge or seek a suspension of any decision of the Swedish National Debt Office to exercise its 
resolution powers (including the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) or to have that decision reviewed 
by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. In addition, this could materially adversely affect the 
value of any Instruments and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment in 
the Instruments. 
The Swedish National Debt Office may exercise the bail-in tool in respect of SEK and the Instruments, 
which may result in Holders losing some or all of their investment. 
The Swedish National Debt Office may exercise the bail-in tool to enable it to recapitalise an institution 
in resolution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors (which would include the 
Holders) in a manner that (i) ought to respect the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency and (ii) is 
consistent with shareholders and creditors not receiving a less favourable treatment than they would have 
received in ordinary insolvency proceedings of the relevant entity. Insured deposits and liabilities to the 
extent they are secured are among the liabilities excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool. The bail-in 
tool includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes of reducing or 
deferring the liabilities of the relevant entity under resolution and the power to convert a liability from one 
form or class to another.  
In the event the Swedish National Debt Office changes its view in relation to SEK (see "Regulatory 
action in the event SEK is failing or likely to fail could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Instruments." above) and determines that it is a systematically important institution that should be 
managed through resolution in the event of a crisis and where the conditions for intervention under the 
Resolution Act and the use of the bail-in tool have been met, the Swedish National Debt Office would be 
expected to exercise these powers without the further consent of the Holders. The exercise of any such 
powers may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, interest on, or any other 
amounts payable on, the Instruments and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, 
interest on, or any other amounts payable on, the Instruments into shares or other securities or other 
obligations of SEK or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Instruments, in 
each case, to give effect to the exercise by the Swedish National Debt Office of such power. The resolution 
authorities will likely allow the use of financial public support only as a last resort after having assessed and 
exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool and/or the 
statutory write-down and/or conversion powers. 
The exercise of any resolution power, including the power to exercise the bail-in tool in respect of SEK 
and the Instruments or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of 
the Holders, the price or value of their investment in the Instruments and/or the ability of SEK to satisfy

--- Page 21 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
its obligations under the Instruments and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their 
investment in such Instruments. 
In addition, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the "no creditor 
worse off" safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the mandatory write-down and 
conversion power has been taken, it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full 
losses incurred by the Holders in such case and there can be no assurance that such holders would recover 
such compensation promptly. 
Mandatory write-down and conversion of Subordinated Instruments may affect the Holders, which 
may result in Holders losing some or all of their investment in the Instruments. 
In addition, the Resolution Act requires the Swedish National Debt Office or the Swedish FSA to transfer, 
cancel or dilute common equity tier 1 instruments, write-down permanently, or convert into equity, 
additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Instruments) under CRD IV at 
the point of non-viability of the relevant entity and before or together with the exercise of any 
stabilisation option (except in the case where the bail-in tool is to be utilised for other liabilities, in which 
case such instrument would be written down or converted into equity pursuant to the exercise of the bail-
in tool, as described above, rather than the mandatory write-down and conversion power applicable only 
to capital instruments).  
For the purposes of the application of such mandatory write-down and conversion power, the point of 
non-viability is the point at which the Swedish National Debt Office or the Swedish FSA determines that 
the relevant entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that 
the relevant entity will no longer be viable unless the relevant instruments are written-down or converted 
or the relevant entity requires extraordinary public support without which, the Swedish National Debt 
Office or the Swedish FSA determines that, the relevant entity would no longer be viable. 
In the event the Swedish National Debt Office changes its view in relation to SEK (see "Regulatory 
action in the event SEK is failing or likely to fail could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Instruments." above) and determines that it is a systematically important institution that should be 
managed through resolution in the event of a crisis and where the conditions for intervention under the 
Resolution Act have been met, Subordinated Instruments may be subject to write-down or conversion into 
equity on application of such powers (without requiring such Holders' consent), which may result in such 
Holders losing some or all of their investment. Where the conditions for intervention under the Resolution 
Act and the use of the non-viability loss absorption tool have been met, the Swedish National Debt Office 
and the Swedish FSA would be expected to exercise these powers without the further consent of the 
Holders. 
The exercise of such mandatory write-down and conversion power under the Resolution Act or any 
suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders, the 
price or value of their investment in the instruments and/or the ability of SEK to satisfy its obligations 
under the instruments. 
In addition, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the "no creditor 
worse off" safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, 
it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Holders in the 
resolution and there can be no assurance that such holders would recover such compensation promptly. 
Holders agree to be bound by the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
In accordance with the Resolution Act and in recognition of the powers granted by law to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, by its acquisition of the Instruments, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that 
any liability arising under the Instruments may, be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be 
bound by the effect of the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority which may include and result in (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts 
in respect of the Instruments on a permanent basis, (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant 
Amounts in respect of the Instruments into shares, other securities or other obligations of SEK or another 
person and the issue to or conferral on the Holders of such shares, securities or obligations, including by

--- Page 22 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Instruments, (iii) the cancellation of 
the Instruments or Relevant Amounts in respect of the Instruments and/or (iv) the amendment or 
alteration of the maturity of the Instruments or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the 
Instruments, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period. Each Holder further acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by the 
variation of the terms of the Instruments, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
Accordingly, if the Swedish National Debt Office determines that SEK should be managed through 
resolution in the event of a crisis (see "Regulatory action in the event SEK is failing or likely to fail could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Instruments." above), the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Holders losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Instruments or receiving a different security from the Instruments, which may be worth 
significantly less than the Instruments and which may have significantly fewer protections than those 
typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers without providing any advance notice to, or requiring the consent of, the 
Holders. In addition, under the Conditions, the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Instruments is not an Event of Default or a default for 
any other purpose. 
Risks Relating to Benchmark Reform 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks 
are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform.  
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Instruments linked to EURIBOR or 
another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a 
"risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a 
variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group 
on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for 
the euro area.  The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has 
subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 6.11(c)(ii) (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR 
and SWESTR – Independent Adviser)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Instruments 
linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Instruments whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to 
potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the

--- Page 23 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
relevant Instruments, the return on the relevant Instruments and the trading market for securities 
(including the Instruments) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Instruments provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
(each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to 
have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Instruments. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Interest Rate could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that 
such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Instruments may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the 
Instruments performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the 
original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Interest Rate for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Instruments based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Instruments. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Instruments linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Instruments. 
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA, €STR, SOFR and SWESTR, as reference rates 
for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Instruments that reference risk-free 
rates issued under this Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Instruments referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, Compounded Daily €STR, the €STR 
Compounded Index, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, Compounded Daily 
SWESTR or SWESTR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Instruments issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free 
rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any Instruments that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme 
from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Instruments referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate Instruments issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Instruments, will gain widespread market 
acceptance.  In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative

--- Page 24 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates 
over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the 
relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Instruments, the trading price 
of such Instruments linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Instruments referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Instruments which reference SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SWESTR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are 
unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for 
the Instruments.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For example, since 
publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance.  The level of such rates during the term of the Instruments may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
such rates such as correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on 
any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Instruments which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable 
of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for 
investors in Instruments which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest 
which will be payable on such Instruments, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Instruments without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Instruments.  Further, in contrast to Instruments linked to interbank offered rates, if Instruments 
referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of such Instruments shall be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Instruments become 
due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 25 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
The administrator of SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SWESTR or any related indices may make changes that 
could change the value of SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SWESTR or any related index, or discontinue 
SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SWESTR or any related index. 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York, the European Central Bank or Sveriges 
Riksbank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR 
(and the SOFR Index), €STR (and the €STR Compounded Index) or SWESTR (and the SWESTR 
Compounded Index), respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-
free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, €STR, 
SOFR or SWESTR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, €STR, SOFR or SWESTR or any 
related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA, €STR, SOFR or SWESTR or any related index (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Instruments will apply).  The administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Holders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Risks Relating to the relevant Underlying 
An investment in Instruments linked to an index, exchange rate, securities or commodities entails 
significant risks not associated with a similar investment in fixed or floating rate debt securities. 
An investment in Instruments the terms of which provide that the principal, premium, if any, and/or 
interest payable, is linked to one or more currencies or composite currencies (including, without 
limitation, exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or composite currencies), commodities, 
debt or equity securities, basket of securities or securities indices, interest rates or other indices (together, 
the "indices"), or any combination thereof either directly or inversely (the "Index-Linked Instruments"), 
entails significant risks that are not associated with investments in a conventional fixed rate or floating 
rate debt security. Such investments are speculative and only suitable for highly sophisticated investors 
who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to 
evaluate the risks of an investment in the Instruments. 
These risks include the possibility that an index or indices may be subject to significant changes, 
(including that they may even cease to exist during the term of an indexed Instrument) that the resulting 
interest rate will be less than that payable on a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security issued by 
SEK at the same time, that the repayment of principal and/or premium, if any, can occur at times other 
than that expected by the investor (including by reason of redemption by SEK for tax reasons or by the 
impossibility or increased costs of related hedging), that any investment return is calculated by reference 
to the value of the underlying reference assets and commodities and hence is inherently unpredictable, 
that, in certain circumstances, the Instruments may cease to bear interest and that prospective investors, 
could lose all or a substantial portion of their initial investment in the Instruments. Prospective investors 
should therefore, among other things, recognise the complexities of utilising the Index-Linked 
Instruments to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in any securities or indices. These 
risks depend on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events, over 
which SEK has no control. 
Additionally, if the formula used to determine the amount of principal, premium, if any, and/or interest 
payable and/or securities deliverable with respect to such Index-Linked Instruments contains a multiplier 
or participation factor, the effect of any change in the applicable index or indices will be magnified. In 
recent years, values of certain indices have been highly volatile; such volatility in the past is not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur in the future. 
Also, certain indices may be subject to regulation, such as the Regulation of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in certain financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds of 8 June 2016. This may affect the performance of the 
relevant indices or restrict them from being used for certain purposes, including in connection with any 
Index-Linked Instruments. Prospective investors should be aware that the consequences of the regulation 
of any indices relevant to the Index-Linked Instruments may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Instruments and, in certain circumstances, SEK may be required to redeem such Instruments 
early.

--- Page 26 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Any optional or mandatory early redemption feature of any Instruments might affect their market value. 
SEK may redeem Instruments when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, prospective investors will 
therefore generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate that is as high as the current interest rate on the Instruments. 
An investment in equity-linked Instruments may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment 
and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Furthermore, prospective investors should also appreciate that: 
(i) 
an investment in the Instruments is not the same as an investment in the underlying equities or 
commodities, and does not confer any interest in the underlying equities or commodities or rights 
to vote or receive dividends; 
(ii) 
they cannot rely, and will not at any time in the future be able to rely, on SEK to provide them 
with any information relating to, or to keep under review on their behalf, the business, financial 
condition, prospects, status or affairs of any underlying reference entities or to conduct any 
investigation or due diligence with respect to the reference entities. Prospective investors should 
investigate the underlying indices, reference entities and commodities themselves as if they were 
investing directly in them. In doing so they should understand that the historical reference 
indices, assets and commodities should not be viewed as being predictive of future results; 
(iii) 
SEK has not made and is not making any representations whatsoever as to the reference entity or 
any information contained in any document filed by the reference entity with any exchange or 
with any regulatory authority or governmental entity; 
(iv) 
SEK may make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of 
commercial or investment banking activities or other business including any derivatives business 
(howsoever defined) with the reference entity or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or any other 
person or entity having obligations relating to such reference entity and may act with respect to 
such activities or business without accountability to any investor in the Instruments in the same 
manner as if the Instruments did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might have an 
adverse effect (including, without limitation, any action which might constitute or give rise to 
any breach, event of default, credit event or termination event) on the obligor of such reference 
entity or any investor in the Instruments; and 
(v) 
SEK may, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at the 
date hereof this date or at any time be in possession of information in relation to any obligors of 
the reference entity which is or may be material in the context of the Instruments and which is or 
may not be known to the general public or to investors in the Instruments. Purchase of the 
Instruments by any investor does not create any obligation on the part of SEK to disclose to such 
investor any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and SEK shall not be 
liable to such investor by reason of such non-disclosure. 
The secondary market, if any, for Index-Linked Instruments will be affected by a number of factors 
independent of SEK's creditworthiness, including the complexity and volatility of the index or indices, the 
fluctuation of exchange rates and the prices of commodities, the method of calculating the principal, 
premium, if any, and/or interest in respect of Index-Linked Instruments, the time remaining to the 
maturity of such Instruments, the outstanding amount of such Instruments, any redemption features of 
such Instruments, the amount of other debt securities linked to such index or indices and the level, 
direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of 
Index-Linked Instruments. 
In addition, certain Instruments may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and, 
therefore, may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Prospective investors may not be able to sell such Instruments readily or at 
prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield. 
Finally, SEK's credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of the various risks that could affect the 
market value of the Index-Linked Instruments. Accordingly, prospective investors should consult their

--- Page 27 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
own financial and legal advisers as to the risks an investment in the Index-Linked Instruments may entail 
and the suitability of the Index-Linked Instruments in light of their particular circumstances. 
Risks relating to Subordinated Instruments 
SEK's obligations under Subordinated Instruments are subordinated to most of SEK's liabilities. 
The Subordinated Instruments constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of SEK. As provided 
under Condition 4.2 (Status – Subordinated Instruments), the rights of the Holders of any Subordinated 
Instruments shall, in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of SEK, 
be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of unsubordinated creditors of SEK (including any 
Holders of Senior Instruments and any claims in respect of liabilities having senior non-preferred ranking 
(if any)), but shall rank pari passu with other subordinated indebtedness of SEK, which in each case, by 
law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank, pari passu, with the Subordinated Instruments. If, on a 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the assets of SEK are insufficient to enable 
SEK to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors (including creditors holding subordinated debt 
which by law ranks, or is expressed to rank, prior to the Subordinated Instruments) in full, the Holders of 
Subordinated Instruments will lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Instruments. If there are 
sufficient assets to enable SEK to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors (including creditors holding 
subordinated debt which by law ranks, or is expressed to rank, prior to the Subordinated Instruments) in 
full but insufficient assets to enable SEK to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect of the 
Subordinated Instruments and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Instruments, the 
Holders of the Subordinated Instruments will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their 
investment in the Subordinated Instruments. 
Although Subordinated Instruments may pay a higher Interest Rate than comparable Instruments which 
are not subordinated or are subordinated but not to the same extent, there is a significant risk that an 
investor in Subordinated Instruments will lose all or some of his investment should SEK become 
insolvent. 
Limited Events of Default and remedies applicable to Subordinated Instruments. 
The only Events of Default in relation to the Subordinated Instruments are as set out in Condition 11.2 
(Events of Default – Events of Default – Subordinated Instruments).  The remedies are more limited than 
those typically available to SEK's unsubordinated creditors, and there are no rights to request the early 
redemption, repayment or acceleration of the relevant Instruments in the event of any failure by SEK to 
comply with its obligations under such Instruments (including, without limitation, any obligation to pay 
principal or interest in respect of such Instruments). In the case of certain insolvency events, the Holder 
may declare its Subordinated Instruments due and payable pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Events of Default 
– Events of Default – Subordinated Instruments). 
If such Subordinated Instruments have been declared due and payable under Condition 11.2 (Events of 
Default – Events of Default – Subordinated Instruments) or in the case of non-payment of principal and/or 
interest that has become due and payable, the Holders may institute such steps, including the obtaining of 
a judgment against SEK for any amount due in respect of the relevant Instruments, as they think desirable 
with a view to having SEK declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but 
not otherwise and, consequently, if any Subordinated Instruments become due and payable under 
Condition 11.2 (Events of Default – Events of Default – Subordinated Instruments) or in the case of 
non-payment of principal and/or interest that has become due and payable, SEK shall, except with the 
prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if the relevant regulations so require), only be required to make 
such payment after it has been put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs). 
Under the Conditions of the Instruments, the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers with 
respect to any Instrument is not a default or an Event of Default. 
Redemption of Subordinated Instruments is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
and Holders have no right to request the redemption of Subordinated Instruments. 
Holders of Subordinated Instruments have no rights to call for the redemption of Subordinated 
Instruments and should not invest in Subordinated Instruments in the expectation that such a call will be 
exercised by SEK. In order for Subordinated Instruments to be redeemed, the Relevant Regulator (if the

--- Page 28 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
relevant regulations so require) must first, in its discretion, agree to permit such a call, based upon its 
evaluation of the regulatory capital position of SEK and certain other factors at the relevant time. 
Holders of Subordinated Instruments should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks 
of an investment in such Subordinated Instruments for a period of time in excess of the Maturity Date 
which could affect the market value of an investment in Subordinated Instruments. 
No limitation on issuing debt. 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which SEK may issue which ranks senior to any class of 
Subordinated Instruments or on the amount of securities which SEK may issue which ranks pari passu 
with any class of Subordinated Instruments. As a result, any further issues may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Holders of Subordinated Instruments on the bankruptcy or any liquidation of SEK. 
No right of set-off or netting. 
No Holder of Subordinated Instruments, who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of SEK shall be indebted to SEK, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-
off or netting against moneys owed by SEK in respect of any Subordinated Instruments (including any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments, if any 
are payable) held by such Holder. Therefore, any such Holders will not be entitled (subject to applicable 
law) to set-off or apply netting to the Issuer's obligations under such Subordinated Instruments against 
obligations owed by them to SEK. Holders of Subordinated Instruments may therefore be required to 
initiate separate proceedings to recover amounts in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a lower 
recovery in the event of a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of SEK than if set-off 
or netting were permitted. 
The gross-up obligation is limited to payments of interest. 
Pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts on the Subordinated 
Instruments in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes in the Kingdom of 
Sweden or any authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having power to tax, applies only to payments of 
interest on the Subordinated Instruments and/or Coupons and not to payments of principal in respect of 
the Subordinated Instruments. References to principal for these purposes includes any premium that may 
be payable in respect of the Subordinated Instruments. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay 
any additional amounts to the extent any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes in the 
Kingdom of Sweden or any authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having power to tax is applied to 
payments of principal in respect of the Subordinated Instruments (including where such tax jurisdiction 
treats any part of such principal as "interest" for tax purposes). Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal in respect of any Subordinated Instruments, Holders 
shall only be entitled to the net amount of such payment after deduction of the amount required to be 
withheld or deducted. The market value of such Subordinated Instruments may be adversely affected as a 
result. 
Other Risks  
SEK may redeem Instruments prior to maturity in certain circumstances. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Instruments the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Instruments are redeemable at SEK's option or obligation in certain other circumstances (in the case of 
Senior Instruments only), SEK may choose or may be obliged, as the case may be, to redeem the 
Instruments at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In the case of Subordinated 
Instruments only, any optional redemption will be subject to obtaining the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if the relevant regulations so require). 
In the case of Subordinated Instruments only, where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 
10.11 (Redemption and Purchase – Subordinated Instruments – Redemption Upon the Occurrence of a 
Capital Event) is applicable, SEK may, at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if the relevant regulations so require), redeem all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Subordinated Instruments upon the occurrence of a Capital Event at their principal 
amount together with accrued interest (if any) thereon or the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
In the event that due to a change in, or amendment to, law or regulation SEK would be obliged to increase 
the amounts payable in respect of any Instruments due to any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden and or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax or SEK would be subject to 
additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges, SEK may redeem all outstanding Instruments in 
accordance with the Conditions subject, in the case of Subordinated Instruments only, to obtaining the 
prior permission of the Relevant Regulator (if the relevant regulations so require). 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Instruments. During any period when 
SEK may elect to redeem Instruments pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period when it is 
perceived that SEK may be able to redeem Instruments pursuant to the relevant option), the market value 
of such Instruments generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
SEK may consider it favourable to redeem Instruments when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Instruments. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Instruments being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In certain circumstances, SEK can substitute or vary the terms of the Instruments. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10.12 (Redemption and Purchase - Substitution 
or Variation) applies, if at any time (i) a Capital Event occurs in respect of any Subordinated Instruments 
or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers) in respect of any Instruments, SEK may, (in the case of any Subordinated Instruments, subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if the relevant regulations so require)), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant Holders, either substitute all (but not some only) 
of such Instruments for, or vary the terms of such Instruments and/or the terms of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Securities, as further provided in 
Condition 10.12 (Redemption and Purchase - Substitution or Variation). The Terms and Conditions of 
such substituted or varied Instruments, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain 
one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original 
Instruments, as the case may be, provided that the Instruments remain or, as appropriate, become 
Qualifying Securities, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments. While, other than 
in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), 
SEK cannot make changes to the terms of Instruments that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially less 
favourable to the Holders of the Instruments as a class, no assurance can be given as to whether any of 
these changes will negatively affect any particular Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such substituted or varied Instruments could be different for some categories of 
Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Instruments prior to such 
substitution or variation. 
There can be no assurance as to how the terms of any Qualifying Securities resulting from any such 
substitution or variation will be viewed by the market or whether any such Qualifying Securities will 
trade at prices that are at least equivalent to the prices at which the relevant substituted or varied 
Instruments would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
Senior Instruments contain limited Events of Default. 
The only events of default for the Senior Instruments are (i) payment defaults in respect of principal or 
interest that continue for a 15 day-grace period and (ii) certain insolvency events. No other breach or 
default under the Senior Instruments will result in an event of default for the Senior Instruments or permit 
the Holders thereof to accelerate the maturity of the Senior Instruments. 
Under the terms of the Instruments, the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers with respect 
to any Instrument is not a default or an Event of Default.

--- Page 30 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
There is no active trading market for the Instruments. 
Instruments issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and 
for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Instruments which is 
already issued and for which there is such a market).  If the Instruments are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest 
rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of SEK. 
Although application has been made for the Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, there is no assurance that such application will be 
accepted, that any particular Tranche of Instruments will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market 
in the Instruments may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, 
holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Instruments. Accordingly, there is no 
assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of 
Instruments and, therefore, any prospective purchaser should be prepared to hold the Instruments 
indefinitely or until the maturity or final redemption of such Instruments. 
Because the Global Instruments are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and/or DTC, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication 
with SEK. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Instruments (in 
Classic Global Instrument form or in New Global Instrument form), Global Instrument Certificates.  
While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments or Global Instrument 
Certificates, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
SEK will discharge its payment obligations under the Instruments by making payments to or to the order 
of a common depositary or common safekeeper (as applicable) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or to DTC as a nominee thereof for distribution to their account holders.  A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Instrument or Global Instrument Certificate must rely on the procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC to receive payments under the relevant Instruments.  
SEK has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Instruments or the Global Instrument Certificates and Holders may be 
adversely affected should such records be incorrect or such payments be made incorrectly. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments or the Global Instrument Certificates will not 
have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Instruments.  Instead, such holders will be permitted 
to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC to 
appoint appropriate proxies and such Holders may be adversely affected should it not be possible for 
them to vote in respect of the Instruments as a result. 
Minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Instruments which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Instruments 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such Specified Denomination. In such case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amount, 
holds a principal amount not an integral amount of such Specified Denomination may not receive an 
Instrument in definitive form corresponding to such holding (should definitive Instruments be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Instruments such that its holding amounts to an integral 
multiple of such Specified Denomination. 
Further Issuances. 
SEK may, without the consent of the Holders, issue additional Instruments. These additional Instruments, 
even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the original Instruments, may be 
treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In which case, the additional Instruments

--- Page 31 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
may be considered to have been issued with "original issue discount" which may reduce the market value 
of the original Instruments. 
Changes in law may adversely affect Holders' rights under the Instruments and the market value of the 
Instruments. 
Changes in law after the date hereof may affect Holders' rights under the Instruments as well as the 
market value of the Instruments. Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and 
regulatory regimes during the life of the Instruments, including changes that could have a significant 
impact on the future legal entity structure, business mix (including a potential exit from certain business 
activities) and management of SEK, which may have an adverse effect on an investment in the 
Instruments. 
In addition, any change in law or regulation that triggers a Tax Event or a Capital Event, as the case may 
be, would entitle SEK, at its option (subject to obtaining the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if the relevant regulations so require) in the case of any Subordinated Instruments), to redeem the 
relevant Instruments, in whole but not in part. 
Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the 
Instruments and, therefore, affect the trading price of the Instruments given the extent and impact on the 
Instruments that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, including those described above, could 
have on the Instruments. 
In particular, it is possible that changes may be made in the laws or regulations of Sweden relating to the 
resolution of Swedish financial institutions (including the Resolution Act). Such changes could be made 
by way of amendments to the resolution powers or tools enacted under the BRRD, or related reforms to 
EU or Swedish laws or regulations or the application or official interpretation thereof. Any such changes 
in law, or any proposed or anticipated changes, could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Instruments and could lead to holders of the Instruments losing some or all of the value of their 
investment in the Instruments. For more information, see "Risks Relating to Regulatory Action". 
Risks relating to Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds  
Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. Any failure to use an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in connection with 
eligible green, social or sustainability projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the 
investment requirements of certain environmentally or socially focused investors with respect to such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in such assets. 
The Issuer may issue Instruments under the Programme where an amount equal to the net proceeds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to be used for the financing and/or refinancing of eligible green 
projects (any Instruments which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds"), 
eligible social projects (any Instruments which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as 
"Social Bonds") or eligible green and social projects (any Instruments which have such a specified use of 
proceeds are referred to as "Sustainability Bonds") in accordance with the Issuer's Sustainability Bond 
Framework, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework or in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility 
criteria as in such case shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. A prospective investor should have 
regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and determine for itself the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of an investment in such Instruments together with any other 
investigation it deems necessary. 
No assurance can be given that a particular project will meet investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, 
SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines) or any requirements of such labels as they may 
evolve from time to time.

--- Page 32 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation 
and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework or the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework (as applicable).  It is not clear if the 
establishment of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally 
sustainable" under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and 
pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or 
the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in 
reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued 
under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Instruments 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in accordance with the Issuer's 
Sustainability Bond Framework or Green Bond Framework, in each case, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such projects 
will be available or capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, the manner anticipated and, 
accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for such projects as intended.  In addition, there can 
be no assurance that such projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated.  None of a failure by the Issuer to 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in 
connection with an issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or the failure of the 
Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to meet investors' expectations 
requirements regarding any "green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels will constitute an Event of 
Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds.  
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient eligible green, social or 
sustainability projects as set out under the Green Bond Framework or Sustainability Bond Framework to 
allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds in full. An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for eligible green or 
social projects is intended by the Issuer to be held pending allocation in cash, other green, social or 
sustainability bonds, or municipality and/or government risk with a minimum credit rating of AA-. 
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO and any other 
such opinion or certification may change at any time and the 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. Any withdrawal of the 2014 
SPO or the 2021 SPO or any other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in respect of which such opinion or 
certification is given and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. The 2014 SPO and the 2021 SPO and any other 
such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework and Sustainability Bond Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds before deciding to 
invest.  The Green Bond Framework and Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent versions may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework and Sustainability Bond Framework do not form part of, nor are incorporated by 
reference, in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
No assurance that Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be admitted to trading on 
any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, 
or that any admission obtained will be maintained. 
In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Instruments. If any of the risks 
outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Instruments and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Instruments as a result of the 
Instruments not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green, social or sustainable bond projects or 
activities and eligibility criteria described in the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability Bond 
Framework and the applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability Bond Framework and 
in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of an amount equal to the net proceeds and its purchase of 
any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Instruments 
issued under the Programme. 
Risks relating to Renminbi denominated Instruments 
Instruments denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Instruments") may be issued under the Programme. 
Renminbi Instruments contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Instruments. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi 
into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years 
to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose 
interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds 
cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of SEK to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Instruments 
denominated in Renminbi.

--- Page 34 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments and SEK's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi 
Instruments. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the 
"Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the 
"Renminbi Clearing Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to 
Hong Kong, it has established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-
border Renminbi settlement and is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement 
mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets 
outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from 
PBoC, although PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank 
market for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to 
onshore liquidity support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for 
limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the 
participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to 
source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will 
not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity 
of the Renminbi Instruments. To the extent SEK is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to 
service its Renminbi Instruments, there is no assurance that SEK will be able to source such Renminbi on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the 
Conditions applicable to Renminbi Instruments, SEK can make payments in U.S. dollars. 
Investment in Renminbi Instruments is subject to exchange rate risks and SEK may make payments of 
interest and principal in U.S. dollars in certain circumstances. 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time 
and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as 
many other factors. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 13.3 (Payments – Renminbi Instruments)), SEK 
is unable, or it is impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions allow SEK to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in 
Condition 13.3 (Payments – Renminbi Instruments). As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments 
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder's investment in U.S. dollar or 
other foreign currency terms will decline. 
Investment in Renminbi Instruments is subject to interest rate risks. 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Instruments may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Instruments 
will consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi 
Instruments propose to sell their Renminbi Instruments before their maturity, they may receive an offer 
lower than the amount they have invested.

--- Page 35 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Instruments may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Instruments. 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Instruments will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Instruments are represented by Global Instruments held with the common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative 
clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in 
which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Instruments are represented by Instruments in definitive 
form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a 
Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations or (iii) by transfer through the Cross-Border Interbank 
Payment System in accordance with relevant rules and regulations, if so specified in the Pricing 
Supplement. SEK cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Instruments may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax 
laws. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi 
Instruments by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise 
income tax ("EIT") or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived 
from sources within the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. 
of the PRC sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi 
Instruments but its implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual 
Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC sourced gains derived by such non-PRC 
resident individual Holder from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments 
by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources 
within the PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities 
interpret, apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and 
the relevant implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for 
avoidance of double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and 
individual Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of 
the Renminbi Instruments. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments, unless there is an applicable 
tax treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of 
Renminbi Instruments reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their 
investment in Renminbi Instruments may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 36 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF INSTRUMENTS 
Public Offers of Instruments in the EEA 
Certain Tranches of Instruments with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the EEA (each, a 
"Relevant State") in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a 
"Public Offer". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Instruments in 
Luxembourg. Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Instruments in Luxembourg on 
the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with SEK's consent – see "Consent given in accordance 
with Article 5.1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation" below. 
If, after the date of this Base Prospectus SEK intends to add one or more Relevant States to the list of 
jurisdictions in which Public Offers of Instruments are permitted for any purpose, SEK will prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying such Relevant State(s) and any relevant additional 
information required by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement will also set out provisions 
relating to SEK's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with any Public Offer in any 
such additional jurisdiction. 
Save as provided above, neither SEK nor any of the Dealers has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Instruments in circumstances in which an obligation arises for SEK or the 
Dealers to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
As described more fully in the following paragraphs, express consent is given by SEK, as the person 
responsible for drawing up this Base Prospectus, to the use of this Base Prospectus and SEK accepts 
responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final 
placement of Instruments by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use this Base 
Prospectus. 
In the context of any Public Offer of Instruments in Luxembourg, SEK accepts responsibility in 
Luxembourg for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in 
Luxembourg to whom an offer of any Instruments is made by any financial intermediary to whom SEK 
has given its consent to use this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror") provided that the offer is 
made in compliance with all conditions attached to the giving of the consent. Such consent and conditions 
are described below under "Consent". Neither SEK nor any of the Dealers has any responsibility for any 
of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with any 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory or securities law requirements in 
Luxembourg in relation to such Public Offer. 
Save as provided below, neither SEK nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Public 
Offer and SEK has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any Public Offer of Instruments. Any Public Offer made without the consent of SEK is unauthorised 
and neither SEK nor any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the 
persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Instruments by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it 
should take legal advice.

--- Page 37 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under "Common Conditions to Consent": 
(a) 
Specific Consent: SEK consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public 
Offer of Instruments in Luxembourg by any of the Dealers and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the website of SEK (www.sek.se) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General 
Consent" as "Applicable", SEK hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Instruments in Luxembourg by any financial 
intermediary (i) which is authorised to make such offers under EU MiFID II and (ii) which 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Instruments] (the "Instruments") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) (the "Issuer"). In consideration of 
SEK offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final 
Terms) in connection with the offer of the Instruments in Luxembourg (the "Public Offer") in 
accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions to such consent, 
each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept such offer. Accordingly, we are using 
the Base Prospectus in connection with the Public Offer in accordance with the consent of SEK 
on the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions of such consent." 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance 
Statement on its website. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the consent of SEK are (in addition to the conditions described in either sub-paragraph 
(a) or sub-paragraph (b) under "Consent" above) that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Instruments; 
(b) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Instruments in Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY INSTRUMENTS IN A PUBLIC 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN SEK WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS 
AND SALES OF SUCH INSTRUMENTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN 
PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO 
PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. SEK WILL NOT BE 
A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS (OTHER THAN 
DEALERS) IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS

--- Page 38 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF 
SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. NEITHER SEK NOR ANY OF THE DEALERS (EXCEPT WHERE THE DEALER 
IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO 
AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH 
FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
EACH FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY USING THE BASE PROSPECTUS SHALL STATE ON 
ITS WEBSITE THAT IT USES THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
CONSENT AND THE CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Instruments to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by SEK at the Issue Price specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by SEK in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the interest 
rate applicable to the Instruments and prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price of such 
Instruments will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the 
Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Instruments to such Investor. SEK will not be party to 
arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Instruments to such Investor.

--- Page 39 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents contain information that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023, filed with the SEC on 23 February 2024 
under 
the 
Securities 
Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934 
(the 
"2023 
20-F") 
(found 
at 
https://www.sek.se/app/uploads/2024/02/20-F-2023.pdf). 
2. 
Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022, filed with the SEC on 28 February 2023 
under 
the 
Securities 
Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934 
(the 
"2022 
20-F") 
(found 
at 
https://www.sek.se/app/uploads/2023/03/20-F-2022.pdf). 
3. 
The base prospectus dated 31 March 2023 relating to the Programme (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus") (found at https://www.sek.se/app/uploads/2023/04/Base-Prospectus-2023.pdf).  
4. 
The base prospectus dated 1 April 2022 relating to the Programme (the "2022 Base 
Prospectus") (found at https://www.sek.se/app/uploads/2022/04/Base-Prospectus-2022.pdf). 
5. 
The base prospectus dated 1 April 2021 relating to the Programme (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus") (found at https://www.sek.se/app/uploads/2021/04/Base-Prospectus-2021.pdf). 
6. 
The base prospectus dated 1 April 2020 relating to the Programme (the "2020 Base 
Prospectus") (found at https://www.sek.se/app/uploads/2020/04/Base-Prospectus-2020.pdf). 
7. 
The base prospectus dated 1 April 2019 relating to the Programme (the "2019 Base 
Prospectus") (found at Base-Prospectus-2019.pdf (sek.se)). 
8. 
The base prospectus dated 1 April 2016 relating to the Programme (the "2016 Base 
Prospectus") (found at Base-Prospectus-2016.pdf (sek.se)). 
9. 
The base prospectus dated 27 March 2015 relating to the Programme (the "2015 Base 
Prospectus") (found at Base-Prospectus-2015.pdf (sek.se)). 
The following information contained in the documents referred to above shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, the Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the sections set out below from the annual report for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 in 
the 2023 20-F: 
 
Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisors  
p. 5 
 
Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable 
p. 5 
 
Key Information 
p. 5 
 
Information on the Group and the Parent Company 
p. 12 - 22 
 
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects 
p. 22 
 
A. Operating Results 
p. 22 - 28 
 
B. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
p. 28 - 29 
 
Directors, Senior Management and Employees 
p. 30 - 38 
 
Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions 
p. 38 - 39 
 
Financial Information 
p. 39 - 40 
 
The Offer and Listing 
p. 40 - 41 
 
Additional Information 
p. 41 - 44

--- Page 40 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
p. 44 
 
Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities 
p. 44 
 
Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies 
p. 45 
 
Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds 
p. 45 
 
Controls and Procedures 
p. 45 - 46 
 
Audit Committee Financial Expert 
p. 46 
 
Code of Ethics 
p. 46 
 
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
p. 47 
 
Exemptions From the Listing Standards for Audit Committees 
p. 47 
 
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
p. 47 
 
Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant 
p. 47 
 
Corporate Governance 
p. 47 
 
Cybersecurity 
p. 48 - 51 
 
Financial Statements (which are audited as set out in paragraph 6 of "General 
Information" of this Base Prospectus) 
p. 51 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
p. F-1 - F-3 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for each of the years ended 31 
December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
p. F-4 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 
p. F-5 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for each of the years ended 31 
December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
p. F-6 
 
Statement of Cash Flows in the Consolidated Group for each of the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
p. F-7 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. F-8 - F-79 
2. 
the sections set out below from the annual report for the fiscal year ended 31 
December 2022 in the 2022 20-F: 
 
 
Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisors  
p. 5 
 
Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable 
p. 5 
 
Key Information 
 
 
A. Selected Financial Data 
p. 5 
 
B. Capitalisation and Indebtedness 
p. 5 
 
Information on the Group and the Parent Company 
p. 10 - 21 
 
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects 
 
 
A. Operating Results 
p. 21 - 28

--- Page 41 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
B. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
p. 28 - 29 
 
Directors, Senior Management and Employees 
p. 30 - 38 
 
Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions 
p. 38 - 39 
 
Financial Information 
p. 39 - 40 
 
The Offer and Listing 
p. 40 - 41 
 
Additional Information 
p. 41 - 45 
 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
p. 45 
 
Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities 
p. 45 
 
Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies 
p. 46 
 
Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds 
p. 46 
 
Controls and Procedures 
p. 46 - 47 
 
Audit Committee Financial Expert 
p. 47 
 
Code of Ethics 
p. 47 
 
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
p. 48 
 
Exemption From the Listing Standards for Audit Committees 
p. 48 
 
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
p. 48 
 
Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant 
p. 48 
 
Corporate Governance 
p. 49 
 
Financial Statements (which are audited as set out in paragraph 6 of "General 
Information" of this Base Prospectus) 
p. 49 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
p. F-1 - F-3 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for each of the years ended 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
p. F-4 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 
p. F-5 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for each of the years ended 31 
December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
p. F-6 
 
Statement of Cash Flows in the Consolidated Group for each of the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
p. F-7 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. F-8 – F-
87  
3. 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 42 to 114 of the 2023 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2023 
Conditions"). 
4. 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 40 to 106 of the 2022 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2022 
Conditions").

--- Page 42 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
5. 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 39 to 104 of the 2021 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2021 
Conditions"). 
6. 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 37 to 95 of the 2020 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2020 
Conditions"). 
7. 
The terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 57 to 109 of the 2019 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2019 
Conditions"). 
8. 
the terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 49 to 87 of the 2016 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2016 
Conditions"). 
9. 
the terms and conditions of the Instruments set out on pages 45 to 83 of the 2015 Base 
Prospectus under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" (the "2015 
Conditions"). 
 
Any information incorporated by reference in the documents specified above does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any information linked to websites mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised nor approved by the CSSF. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
SEK has undertaken, in connection with the admission to trading of the Instruments, that if, while 
Instruments of SEK are outstanding and admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and/or any other regulated market under the EU Prospectus Regulation, there shall occur any significant 
new factor which is not reflected in the Base Prospectus or any supplements thereto (or any of the 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or any supplements thereto) and/or there 
shall be any material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus or 
any supplements thereto (or any of the documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or 
any supplements thereto), in each case, which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Instruments, 
SEK will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to the Base Prospectus or, as the case may 
be, publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering by SEK of 
Instruments to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or any other 
regulated market under the Prospective Directive. If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended 
in a manner which would make the Base Prospectus inaccurate or misleading a new Base Prospectus or 
supplement will be prepared. 
SEK will, at its registered office and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, provide, free of charge, 
upon the oral or written request therefor, a copy of the Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. In 
addition, this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference are available for viewing in 
electronic form on the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Instruments may be issued: 
(i) 
in bearer form, in accordance with Regulation S only, ("Bearer Instruments"); 
(ii) 
in registered form ("Registered Instruments"): 
(a) 
sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S only 
("Unrestricted Registered Instruments"), represented by one or more unrestricted 
global instrument certificates (the "Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificates") 
exchangeable for unrestricted individual instrument certificates (each an "Unrestricted 
Individual Instrument Certificate"); or 
(b) 
sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A ("Restricted Registered Instruments") 
represented by one or more restricted global instrument certificates (the "Restricted 
Global Instrument Certificates") exchangeable for restricted individual instrument 
certificates (each a "Restricted Individual Instrument Certificate"); or 
(iii) 
in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with (a) the Swedish Central 
Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. Lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act") 
(the "ESw Instruments"); or (b) the Finnish Book-Entry System Act (FI: Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä (826/1991)) as amended (the "FBES Act") (the "EFi Instruments"); or (c) 
Danish Securities Trading Act (Consolidated Act No. 360 of 6 May 2009), as amended (the 
"Danish Securities Act") (the "VP Instruments" and, together with the EFi Instruments and the 
ESw Instruments, the "Scandinavian Instruments"). 
1. 
Bearer Instruments 
Each Tranche of Bearer Instruments will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
Instrument (the "Temporary Global Instrument"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global Instrument (the "Permanent Global Instrument"), without interest coupons, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Instrument or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Instrument (each a "Global Instrument") which is not intended to be 
issued in new Global Instrument ("NGI") form (a "Classic Global Instrument" or "CGI"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Instruments with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. Each Global Instrument which is intended to be issued in NGI 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Instruments with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Instruments in NGI 
form are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in 
ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), 
provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same time the ECB also announced that 
arrangements for Instruments in NGI form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGI form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Instruments are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer 
Instruments are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Instruments of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)

--- Page 44 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
(the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Instruments or, if the Instruments do not 
have a maturity of more than 365 days or if Instruments are considered in registered form for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for Permanent Global Instrument 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Instruments as being "Temporary Global 
Instrument exchangeable for a Permanent Global Instrument", then the Instruments will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Instrument which will be exchangeable, in whole or in 
part, for interests in a Permanent Global Instrument, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Instruments (the "Exchange Date") upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments of interest will be made under the 
Temporary Global Instrument after the Exchange Date unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Instrument is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Instruments cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Instrument is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Instrument, SEK shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Instrument, duly authenticated 
and, in the case of an NGI, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument or (in 
the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Instrument in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
in the case of a CGI, presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Instrument to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of partial exchange of an NGI, confirmation from the common service 
provider that Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have made appropriate entries in 
their records to reflect the relevant exchange and, in the case of final exchange of an 
NGI surrender of the Temporary Global Instrument at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent; and 
(iii) 
in either case, receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Instrument shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Instrument exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Instrument. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Instrument has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Instrument has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary 
Global Instrument for an interest in a Permanent Global Instrument; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Instrument (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments or the date for final 
redemption of the Temporary Global Instrument has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument in accordance with 
the terms of the Temporary Global Instrument on the due date for payment,

--- Page 45 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
then the Temporary Global Instrument (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global 
Instrument) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Instrument will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Instrument will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at 
the request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument, for Bearer Instruments in definitive 
form ("Definitive Instruments"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Instrument", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs and 
the Instruments become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Instruments, the 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive 
Instruments, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Instruments represented by the Permanent Global Instrument to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Instrument against the surrender of the Permanent Global Instrument to or to the order of 
the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Instruments have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global 
Instrument for Definitive Instruments; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Instrument was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Instrument representing the Instruments and such Temporary Global 
Instrument becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Instrument (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments or the date for final 
redemption of the Permanent Global Instrument has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Instrument on the due date for payment,

--- Page 46 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
then the Permanent Global Instrument (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Instruments) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Instrument becomes void 
(in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Instruments as being "Temporary Global 
Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules 
are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then 
the Instruments will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Instrument which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Instruments not earlier than 40 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Instruments. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Instruments as being "Temporary Global 
Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules 
are applicable, then the Instruments will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global 
Instrument which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Instruments not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Instruments upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Instruments cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Instruments, SEK 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Instruments, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Instrument to the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Instrument at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Instruments as being "Permanent Global 
Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments", then the Instruments will initially be in the 
form of a Permanent Global Instrument which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Instruments: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
which shall not be less than 45 days before the date upon which the delivery of such 
Definitive Instruments is required; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Instrument", then if: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs; 
or 
(iii) 
at any time at the request of the bearer, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Instruments, SEK 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Instruments, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Instruments 
represented by the Permanent Global Instrument to the bearer of the Permanent Global

--- Page 47 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
Instrument against the surrender of the Permanent Global Instrument at the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Instruments have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global 
Instrument for Definitive Instruments; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Instrument (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments or the date for final 
redemption of the Permanent Global Instrument has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Instrument on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Instrument (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Instruments) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Instrument will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Instrument or a Permanent Global Instrument which becomes void will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Temporary Global Instrument or Permanent Global Instrument became 
void, they had been the holders of Definitive Instruments in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Instruments they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Instrument will be endorsed on that 
Instrument and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of 
the Instruments" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those 
terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Instrument in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Instrument were it in definitive form to the extent 
described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form" 
below. 
2. 
Registered Instruments 
Each Tranche of Registered Instruments will be represented by: 
(i) 
one or more unrestricted global instrument certificates (the "Unrestricted Global 
Instrument Certificates") in the case of Registered Instruments sold outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S, exchangeable for an unrestricted 
individual 
instrument 
certificate 
(the 
"Unrestricted 
Individual 
Instrument 
Certificate") in the circumstances described therein; and/or 
(ii) 
one or more restricted global instrument certificates (the "Restricted Global 
Instrument Certificates") in the case of Registered Instruments sold to QIBs in 
reliance on Rule 144A, exchangeable for a restricted individual instrument certificate 
(the "Restricted Individual Instrument Certificate") in the circumstances described 
therein, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
References to "Global Instrument Certificates" shall be construed as a reference to 
Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificates and/or Restricted Global Instrument Certificates. 
References to "Individual Instrument Certificates" shall be construed as a reference to 
Unrestricted Individual Instrument Certificates and/or Restricted Individual Instrument 
Certificates. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for 
international debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB 
announced that it has assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered 
instruments which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market participants and that 
Instruments to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") 
would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in 
ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject 
to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release also 
stated that the new arrangements for Instruments to be held in NSS form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in 
global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 
September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New 
Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Instruments are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered 
Instruments are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Registered Instruments of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Instrument represented by either a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate or an 
Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, will either be: 
(a) 
in the case of a Certificate which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure: registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Unrestricted 
Global Instrument Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Unrestricted Global 
Instrument Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Instrument represented by a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate to be cleared through 
DTC will registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for DTC and the relevant Global 
Instrument Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the custodian for DTC 
(the "DTC Custodian"). 
Global Instrument Certificate exchangeable for Individual Instrument Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Instruments as being "Global Instrument 
Certificate exchangeable for Individual Instrument Certificates", then the Instruments will 
initially be represented by one or more Global Instrument Certificates each of which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for the relevant Individual Instrument Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 49 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Instrument Certificate", then: 
(a) 
in the case of any Global Instrument Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, 
if DTC notifies SEK that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly 
its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the Global Instrument 
Certificate or DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the 
Exchange Act or if at any time DTC is no longer eligible to act as such, and 
SEK is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving 
notice or becoming aware of such ineligibility on the part of DTC; 
(b) 
in the case of any Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate, if Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; and 
(c) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default) occurs. 
Whenever a Global Instrument Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Instrument 
Certificates, each person having an interest in a Global Instrument Certificate must provide the 
Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with such information as SEK and the Registrar 
may require to complete and deliver Individual Instrument Certificates (including the name and 
address of each person in which the Instruments represented by the Individual Instrument 
Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding). In 
addition, whenever a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate is to be exchanged for Restricted 
Individual Instrument Certificates, each person having an interest in the Restricted Global 
Instrument Certificate must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with a 
certificate given by or on behalf of the holder of each beneficial interest in the Restricted Global 
Instrument Certificate stating either (i) that such holder is not transferring its interest at the time 
of such exchange or (ii) that the transfer or exchange of such interest has been made in 
compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Instruments and that the person 
transferring such interest reasonably believes that the person acquiring such interest is a QIB and 
is obtaining such beneficial interest in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. 
Restricted Individual Instrument Certificates issued in exchange for interests in the Restricted 
Global Instrument Certificate will bear the legends and be subject to the transfer restrictions set 
out under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Whenever a Global Instrument Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Instrument 
Certificates, SEK shall procure that Individual Instrument Certificates will be issued in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Instrument Certificate 
within five Business Days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global 
Instrument Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Instrument Certificates against the surrender of the Global Instrument Certificate 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Instruments scheduled 
to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, 
but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Instrument Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Instrument Certificate; or 
(b) 
any of the Instruments represented by a Global Note Certificate (or any part of it) has 
become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments or the date for final redemption of the Instruments has occurred and, in

--- Page 50 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Instrument Certificate in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Instrument Certificate on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Global Instrument Certificate (including the obligation to deliver Individual Instrument 
Certificates) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder 
of the Global Instrument Certificate will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the holder of the Global Instrument Certificate or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant).  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Global Instrument Certificate will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights 
to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Instrument Certificate 
became void, they had been the holders of Individual Instrument Certificates in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Instruments they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Instruments 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Instrument Certificate will be endorsed on 
that Individual Instrument Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Instrument Certificate will differ from those 
terms and conditions which would apply to the Instrument were it in definitive form to the extent 
described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global Form" 
below. 
3. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Instruments having a maturity of more than 365 days and not 
considered to be in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, would not include Scandinavian Instruments), the Instruments in global 
form, the Instruments in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will 
bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds an 
Instrument, Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the 
sale, exchange or redemption of such Instrument, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might 
otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will 
be treated as ordinary income. 
4. 
Scandinavian Instruments 
Each Tranche of Scandinavian Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act, the FBES Act or the Danish Securities Act, as 
the case may be. No global or definitive Instruments will be issued in respect thereof. The holder 
of a Scandinavian Instrument will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such 
Instrument maintained on behalf of SEK by (a) in the case of the ESw Instruments, ESw; or (b) 
in the case of the EFi Instruments, EFi; or (c) in the case of the VP Instruments, VP. Where a 
nominee is so evidenced and shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Scandinavian 
Instrument. 
Title to Scandinavian Instruments will pass by transfer between accountholders of ESw, EFi or 
VP, as the case, may be, perfected in accordance with the relevant legislation (including the SFIA 
Act the FBES Act and the Danish Securities Act, as the case may be), rules and regulations

--- Page 51 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
applicable to and/or issued by ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be, that are in force and effect 
from time to time.

--- Page 52 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S 
Each purchaser of Bearer or Unrestricted Registered Instruments outside the United States pursuant to 
Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of such Instruments in resales prior to the expiration of the 
distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Instruments, will be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(i) 
it is, or at the time Instruments are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Instruments 
and: 
(a) 
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S); and 
(b) 
it is not an affiliate of SEK or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(ii) 
it understands that such Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S), it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Instruments except: 
(a) 
in the case of Unrestricted Registered Instruments only, in accordance with Rule 144A to 
a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB 
purchasing for its own account or the account of one or more QIBs; 
(b) 
in an offshore transaction to a non U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or 
(c) 
to SEK, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States; 
(iii) 
it understands that it will be deemed to have represented and agreed that either: (a) it is not and 
for so long as it holds any interest in the Instruments will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or a 
Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or (b) provided that any interest in the 
Instruments are purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the purchase and holding of any 
interest in the Instruments does not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any 
applicable Similar Law;  
ERISA legend included for Reg S: 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER: (I) IT IS NOT (AND 
IS NOT DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE TO BE) AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS WILL NOT BE (OR BE DEEMED FOR SUCH PURPOSES TO BE) (A) AN 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A "PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (C) A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) BY REASON OF THE 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED 
BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH OF (A)-(C), A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR") 
OR (D) A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA 
THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A "NON-
U.S. PLAN" DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED

--- Page 53 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"); OR (II) PROVIDED THAT 
THE INSTRUMENT IN QUESTION WILL BE TREATED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY CHARACTERISTICS FOR PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, THE PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF ANY INTEREST IN 
THE INSTRUMENTS DOES NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND AGREED BY ITS PURCHASE OR HOLDING OF ANY INTEREST 
IN THE INSTRUMENTS THAT: (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE 
DEALERS, THE PAYING AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS, THE TRANSFER AGENTS OR 
THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A "TRANSACTION PARTY")  HAS 
PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO 
THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON 
INVESTING ON BEHALF OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE 
HAS DISCRETION OR AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT 
OF "PLAN ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS; (II) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT ACTING AS A "FIDUCIARY" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE TO THE 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
BENEFIT 
PLAN 
INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION 
OF 
ANY 
INTEREST 
IN 
THE 
INSTRUMENTS; AND (III) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED 
PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF AN INSTRUMENT THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH 
THE FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. 
and 
(iv) 
it understands that SEK, the relevant Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements. 
On or prior to the fortieth day after the relevant issue date, Instruments represented by an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such 
Instruments in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate only upon receipt by 
the relevant Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (substantially in the form set out in 
Schedule 6 (Form of Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate) — Form of Transfer to the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor 
reasonably believes is a QIB, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. After such fortieth day, such 
certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers, but such transfers will continue to be 
subject to the transfer restrictions contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Global Instrument 
Certificate, as described above under "Form of the Instruments". 
Instruments represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate may also be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Instruments in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Instrument Certificate, but only upon receipt by the relevant Registrar of a written certification 
from the transferor (substantially in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Form of Restricted Global Instrument 
Certificate) —Form of Transfer to the Fiscal Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being 
made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144A (if available) under the Securities Act. 
Any interest in an Instrument represented by an Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate that is 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in an Instrument represented by a 
Restricted Global Instrument Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in an Instrument 
represented by an Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate and become an interest in an Instrument 
represented by a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all

--- Page 54 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to Instruments represented by a Restricted Global 
Instrument Certificate. 
Rule 144A Instruments 
Each purchaser of Restricted Registered Instruments in reliance on Rule 144A in the form of one or more 
Restricted Global Instrument Certificates or Restricted Individual Instrument Certificates, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as 
follows (terms used in the following paragraphs that are defined in Rule 144A have the respective 
meanings given to them in Rule 144A): 
(i) 
the purchaser (a) is a QIB, (b) is acquiring the Instruments for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and (c) is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Instruments has been 
advised that the sale of the Instruments to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
the purchaser understands that the Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in 
accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, (b) in 
an offshore transaction to a non U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S in accordance 
with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (c) pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), (d) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or (e) to SEK or any of 
their respective affiliates, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States; 
(iii) 
it understands that it will be deemed to have represented and agreed that either: (a) it is not and 
for so long as it holds any interest in the Instruments will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or a 
Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or (b) provided that any interest in the 
Instruments are purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the purchase and holding of any 
interest in the Instruments does not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any 
applicable Similar Law; 
(iv) 
the purchaser understands that the Restricted Global Instrument Certificate and any Restricted 
Individual Instrument Certificate will bear a legend to the following effect, unless SEK 
determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law: 
THE INSTRUMENTS REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE HOLDER 
HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE INSTRUMENTS REPRESENTED HEREBY, AGREES 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF SEK THAT THE INSTRUMENTS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY 
BE REOFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
ONLY (1) PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON 
THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY 
BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 
144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHOM THE HOLDER HAS 
INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION TO WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 
904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR (4) TO 
SEK. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE

--- Page 55 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES 
OF THIS INSTRUMENT. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER: (I) IT IS NOT (AND 
IS NOT DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE TO BE) AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS WILL NOT BE (OR BE DEEMED FOR SUCH PURPOSES TO BE) (A) AN 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A "PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (C) A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) BY REASON OF THE 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED 
BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH OF (A)-(C), A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR") 
OR (D) A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA 
THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A "NON-
U.S. PLAN" DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"); OR (II) PROVIDED THAT 
THE INSTRUMENT IN QUESTION WILL BE TREATED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY CHARACTERISTICS FOR PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, THE PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF ANY INTEREST IN 
THE INSTRUMENTS DOES NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND AGREED BY ITS PURCHASE OR HOLDING OF ANY INTEREST 
IN THE INSTRUMENTS THAT: (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE 
DEALERS, THE PAYING AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS, THE TRANSFER AGENTS OR 
THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A "TRANSACTION PARTY")  HAS 
PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO 
THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON 
INVESTING ON BEHALF OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE 
HAS DISCRETION OR AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT 
OF "PLAN ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
DECISION TO ACQUIRE ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS; (II) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT ACTING AS A "FIDUCIARY" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE TO THE 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
BENEFIT 
PLAN 
INVESTOR'S 
ACQUISITION 
OF 
ANY 
INTEREST 
IN 
THE 
INSTRUMENTS; AND (III) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED 
PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF AN INSTRUMENT THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH 
THE FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO.  
(v) 
the purchaser understands that SEK, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements; and 
(vi) 
if it is acquiring any Instruments for the account of one or more QIBs, the purchaser represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power

--- Page 56 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate or a Restricted 
Individual Instrument Certificate, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, SEK will deliver 
only a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate or one or more Restricted Individual Instrument 
Certificates that bear such legend or will refuse to remove such legend, unless there is delivered to SEK 
and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence (which may include a legal opinion) as may reasonably be 
required by SEK that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Any interest in a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate will, upon transfer, 
cease to be an interest in a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate and become an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer 
restrictions and other procedures applicable to an interest in an Unrestricted Global Instrument 
Certificate. 
Prospective purchasers that are QIBs are hereby notified that sellers of the Restricted Registered 
Instruments in the form of one or more Restricted Global Instrument Certificates or Restricted Individual 
Instrument Certificates may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 57 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Terms and Conditions but denotes 
directions for interpreting such Terms and Conditions. The following are the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or supplemented, amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, will be endorsed on each Instrument in 
definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Instruments, which are being 
(a) offered to the public in a Relevant State; or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a 
Relevant State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the relevant Pricing Supplement 
or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Tranche of Instruments may supplement, amend or replace 
any information in this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any Instrument in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Instrument were it in definitive 
form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Instruments while in Global 
Form" below: 
The Instruments (except, in certain circumstances, the Scandinavian Instruments) are issued in 
accordance with a fiscal agency agreement (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement", which expression shall 
include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 2 April 2024 and made between Aktiebolaget 
Svensk Exportkredit (publ) ("SEK"), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
in its capacity as such) and as paying agent (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent, the DTC Paying Agent (as defined below) and any substitute or additional paying agents 
appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its 
capacity as registrar (the "ICSD Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to Deutsche 
Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its capacity as such) and as transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor to Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its capacity as such), 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in its capacities as registrar for Instruments cleared through 
DTC (the "DTC Registrar", and together with the ICSD Registrar each a "Registrar"), (which 
expression shall include any of its successors in their capacity as such), as paying agent in connection 
with the DTC Registered Instruments (the "DTC Paying Agent", which expression shall include any of 
its successors in their capacity as such) and as transfer agent in connection with the DTC Registered 
Instruments (the "DTC Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any of their successors in their 
capacity as such). The Instruments have the benefit of a deed of covenant (as amended, supplemented or 
replaced, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 2 April 2024 and executed and delivered by SEK in relation to 
the Instruments. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection at the specified office each Paying Agents and each Registrar. All persons from time to time 
entitled to the benefit of SEK's obligations under any Instruments shall be deemed to have notice of and 
to be bound by all of the provisions of the Deed of Covenant and all (or certain, in the case of the 
Scandinavian Instruments) of Fiscal Agency Agreement insofar as they relate to the relevant Instruments. 
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Scandinavian Instruments are 
those in Schedule 10 (Provisions for Meetings of Holders of Instruments) of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. 
The Instruments are issued in series (each a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a "Tranche") of Instruments. Each Tranche, for which a prospectus is required in 
connection with such issue in accordance with the "EU Prospectus Regulation", is the subject of final 
terms (the "Final Terms") or a drawdown prospectus (the "Drawdown Prospectus") which completes 
(in the case of Final Terms) or supplements, amends and/or replaces (in the case of Drawdown 
Prospectuses) these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). Each Tranche, for which no prospectus is 
required in connection with such issue in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, is the subject of 
a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which supplements, amends and/or replaces the 
Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Instruments are these 
Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as supplemented, amended and/ or replaced by 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus shall prevail, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 58 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Instruments, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Instruments of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org) and as supplemented by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Instruments, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of Instruments of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities (including, without limitation, the city or cities in 
which any banks, financial institutions, regulated markets, listing authorities, stock exchanges or 
quotation system are situated) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or these Conditions 
for the purposes of the definition of Business Day; 
"Business Day" other than in respect of Instruments for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
SOFR in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
means, in connection with currencies and payments under Condition 13 (Payments), 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
(a) 
a TARGET Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Business 
Centre; 
(b) 
(aa) any day which is a day on which banks in the relevant place of 
presentation or of surrender or endorsement (in the case of Registered 
Instruments), are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt 
securities, or for surrender or endorsement of instrument certificates and 
payment (in the case of Registered Instruments), and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and (bb) in the case of payment by transfer to an 
account, a TARGET Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments generally in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant 
currency and in each (if any) Business Centre; 
(b) 
(aa) a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation or of 
surrender or endorsement (in the case of Registered Instruments), are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities or for 
surrender or endorsement of instrument certificates and payment, (in the 
case of Registered Instruments), and for dealings in foreign currencies; 
and (bb) in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Business Centre;

--- Page 59 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(B) 
means, in respect of any matter in connection with the accrual of interests under 
Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions), Condition 6 (Floating Rate Instrument 
Provisions), Condition 7 (Index-Linked Instrument Provisions), Condition 9 (FX Rate-
Linked Instrument Provisions), the calculation of redemption amounts payable under 
Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase) and the making of any other calculations, 
determinations and valuation required or the giving of any notifications or notices 
required under the Conditions and/or the Final Terms, a day on which the applicable 
Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or these Conditions is open for 
business; and 
(C) 
in respect of Scandinavian Instruments, has the meaning ascribed to such term by the 
then applicable rules and procedures of ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date or period, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Instruments 
for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will 
not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and 
after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date or calculation period shall not be 
adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person, including its duly authorised successor, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which may be the Fiscal Agent) as the party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) and making such 
determinations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, always acting on behalf of SEK; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of an Instrument, a coupon sheet relating to the Instrument; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last day, or in the case of the 
Scandinavian Instruments only, from but excluding the first such day to and including the last 
day) (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 61 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, from but

--- Page 62 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
excluding the first day of the Calculation Period to and including the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Instrument, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EFi" means Euroclear Finland Ltd., incorporated in Finland with Reg No. 1061446-0; 
"EFi Agreement" means the agreement between EFi and SEK, applicable from time to time to 
the relevant issue of EFi Instruments, setting out the terms and conditions for connecting any EFi 
Instruments to the Finnish clearing and settlement system maintained by EFi; 
"ESw" means Euroclear Sweden AB, incorporated in Sweden with Reg No. 556112-8074; 
"ESw Agreement" means the agreement between ESw and SEK, applicable from time to time to 
the relevant issue of ESw Instruments, setting out the terms and conditions for connecting any 
ESw Instruments to the Swedish clearing and settlement system maintained by ESw; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person 
which takes over the administration of that rate); 
"euro" means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders in respect of 
the Instruments of the relevant Series duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths 
of the votes cast thereon; 
"FATCA Withholding" means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; 
"FBES Act" means Finnish Book-Entry System Act (FI: Laki arvo-osuusjä rjestelma¨sta¨ 
(826/1991)) as amended; 
"Final Redemption Amount" or "FRA" means, in respect of any Instrument, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if the Index-
Linked Instrument Provisions or the FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, such amount as determined in accordance with these 
Conditions; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Holder" means a Holder of Registered Instrument, a Holder of a Scandinavian Instrument or, as 
the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Instrument or of a Coupon; 
"Holder of Registered Instrument" means the person in whose name a Registered Instrument is 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
"Holder of a Scandinavian Instrument" means the person in whose name a Scandinavian 
Instrument is registered in the Register and, where the Scandinavian Instruments are held through 
a nominee, the nominee shall be deemed to be the holder; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to an Instrument and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Instrument for that Interest Period;

--- Page 63 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Instruments or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) or, if the Issuer elects or becomes 
obliged to redeem the Instruments on any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date) 
or, in the case of Scandinavian Instruments only, each period from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Instruments specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement ISDA published in 
September 2019. 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ISDA FX Definitions" the ISDA 1998 FX and Currency Options Definitions as published by 
ISDA including its Annex and Additional Provisions (amended, supplemented, updated or 
replaced as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Instruments of the relevant Series 
hereunder (as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issuing Agent" means an issuing agent appointed by SEK in connection with a Series of ESw 
Instruments, EFi Instruments or VP Instruments, as the case may be; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Market Value Redemption Amount" means the market value of the Instruments (by reference 
to, without limitation, the prevailing interest rates and the credit risks embedded in the terms of 
the Instruments) as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion

--- Page 64 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
including accrued interest (if any), deducting any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding 
any underlying and/or related hedging arrangements incurred by SEK as a consequence of the 
early redemption; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Denomination" is applicable to Bearer Instruments only and has the meaning given 
in the Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Instrument, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Instrument, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Date" means the date upon which payment of any amount due in respect of any 
Instrument is required to be made, and as such date may require to be adjusted, in accordance 
with Condition 13.1(vii) (Payment on Business Days) or 13.2(iv) (Payments on Business Days) 
(as applicable), or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
EU as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand Dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a relevant Paying Agent by any 
Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem an Instrument at the option of the Holder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a relevant Paying Agent to a depositing Holder 
upon deposit of an Instrument with such Paying Agent by any Holder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem an Instrument at the option of the Holder; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Market Value 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount, the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount (including, without limitation, cash, shares or 
securities) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SOFR (Lookback), Compounded 
Daily SOFR (Observation Period Shift), Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lookback), Compounded Daily SONIA (Observation Period Shift),

--- Page 65 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
STIBOR, SONIA Compounded Index, Compounded Daily €STR (Lookback), Compounded 
Daily €STR (Observation Period Shift), €STR Compounded Index, Compounded Daily 
SWESTR (Lookback), Compounded Daily SWESTR (Observation Period Shift), SWESTR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" means the register maintained by the relevant Registrar in respect of the Registered 
Instruments in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement and means, in respect of the 
Scandinavian Instruments, the computerised register maintained by ESw, EFi or VP, as the case 
may be, for SEK, consisting of accounts for the holders of financial instruments registered 
pursuant to the SFIA Act, the FBFS Act or the Danish Securities Act as the case may be; 
"Registrar" means in relation to any Series of Registered Instruments, the ICSD Registrar, in 
addition in relation to any Series of Registered Instruments that is wholly or partly cleared 
through DTC the DTC Registrar, or in relation to any Series of the Scandinavian Instruments, 
ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be, in accordance with the SFIA Act, the FBFS Act or the 
Danish Securities Act as the case may be or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from (and including or, in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments only, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding or, 
in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, and including) the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from (and including or, in the case of the 
Scandinavian Instruments only, but excluding) one Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, and including) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from (and including or, in the 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, but excluding) a Regular Date falling in any 
year to (but excluding or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, and 
including) the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Instruments where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from (and including or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, but 
excluding) a Regular Date falling in any year to (but excluding or, in the case of the 
Scandinavian Instruments only, and including) the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Holders; 
"Relevant Regulator" means, as applicable, the Swedish FSA, the Swedish National Debt Office 
or any other relevant authority under the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations or any other 
applicable regulation; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or 
other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 66 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
"Scandinavian Agreements" means, in respect of ESw Instruments, the ESw Agreement; in 
respect of EFi Instruments, the EFi Agreement and in respect of the VP Instruments, the VP 
Agreement, as the case may be; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking;  
"Senior Non-Preferred Ranking" means the ranking which is described in the second sentence 
of the first paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra 
meningen förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)), as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time. 
"SFIA Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (Sw. Lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) as amended; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Increments" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Minimum Amount" is applicable to Registered Instruments only (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, is not applicable to the Scandinavian Instruments) and has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB) based on input 
data provided by a panel of credit institutions (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor); 
"Swedish FSA" means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw: Finansinspektionen) 
or any successor entity primarily responsible for the prudential supervision of SEK or the Group, 
as the case may be; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon attached to an Instrument in definitive form (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) which is exchangeable for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Day" means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, (known as T2), or any successor or replacement for that system, is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended; 
"Trigger" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Trigger Determination Date" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Trigger Determination Time" has the meaning given in the Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
"VP" means the Danish central securities trading depository (VP Securities A/S), incorporated in 
Denmark with company registration number (CVR) 21599336; 
"VP Agreement" means the agreement between VP and SEK, applicable from time to time to 
the relevant issue of VP Instruments, setting out the terms and conditions for connecting any VP 
Instruments to the Danish clearing and settlement system maintained by VP; and 
"Zero Coupon Instrument" means an Instrument specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Instruments are Zero Coupon Instruments, references to Coupons and Holders of 
Coupons are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Instruments at 
the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Instruments at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, (other 
than in the case of Subordinated Instruments) any additional amounts in respect of 
principal which may be payable under Condition 11.3 (Taxation), any premium payable 
in respect of an Instrument and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11.3 (Taxation) and any other amount in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Instruments being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement or, in respect of the Scandinavian Instruments, the 
Scandinavian Agreements; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Instruments; 
(viii) 
any references to Registered Instruments exclude the Scandinavian Instruments; 
(ix) 
as the Scandinavian Instruments are in dematerialised form, any reference in these 
Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to the Scandinavian Instruments;  
(x) 
any reference to the Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to a Drawdown 
Prospectus or a Pricing Supplement (as the case may be and as the context may require); 
and  
(xi) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
2.1 
Form 
Instruments may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Instruments"), in registered form 
("Registered Instruments") or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
("Scandinavian Instruments"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Registered Instruments 
and Scandinavian Instruments may not be exchanged for Bearer Instruments and vice-versa.

--- Page 68 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
2.2 
Instruments in bearer form 
Bearer Instruments are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Instruments with more than one Specified Denomination, Instruments of one Specified 
Denomination will not be exchangeable for Instruments of another Specified Denomination(s). 
Title to the Bearer Instruments and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The Holder of any Bearer 
Instrument or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
2.3 
Instruments in registered form and Scandinavian form 
Registered Instruments and Scandinavian Instruments are issued in the Specified 
Denomination(s). The Holder of each Registered Instrument and the Holder of each 
Scandinavian Instrument shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
3. 
Register and Transfers of Registered Instruments and Scandinavian Instruments 
3.1 
Register 
The relevant Registrar for Registered Instruments will maintain the Register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. The Register for the ESw Instruments is 
maintained in accordance with the SFIA Act and ESw rules and regulations applicable from time 
to time. The Register for EFi Instruments is maintained in accordance with the FBES Act and the 
EFi rules and regulations applicable from time to time. The Register for VP Instruments is 
maintained in accordance with the Danish Securities Act and the VP's rules and regulations 
applicable from time to time. The Scandinavian Instruments are issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form and no global or definitive Instrument will be issued to the 
holders thereof. SEK will appoint an Issuing Agent to assist in connection with the registration of 
the Scandinavian Instruments upon issue. A certificate (each an "Instrument Certificate", will 
be issued to each Holder of Registered Instrument in respect of its holding. Each Instrument 
Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the 
Register. 
3.2 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 3.5 (Closed periods) and 3.6 (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration) below, a Registered Instrument may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Instrument Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office 
of the relevant Registrar, together with such evidence as the relevant Registrar may reasonably 
require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed 
the form of transfer: provided, however, that a Registered Instrument may not be transferred 
unless the principal amount of Registered Instruments transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Instruments held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the 
balance of Instruments not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered 
Instruments represented by the surrendered Instrument Certificate are the subject of the transfer, 
a new Instrument Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Instruments will be 
issued to the transferor. Title to the Scandinavian Instrument will pass by transfer between 
accountholders of ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be, perfected in accordance with the 
legislation (including the SFIA Act, the FBES Act and the Danish Securities Act, as the case may 
be), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be, that 
are in force and effect from time to time.

--- Page 69 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
3.3 
Registration and delivery of Instrument Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of an Instrument Certificate in accordance with 
Condition 3.2 (Transfers) above, the relevant Registrar will register the transfer in question and 
deliver a new Instrument Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Instruments 
transferred to each Holder of Registered Instrument at its Specified Office or (at the request and 
risk of any such relevant Holder of Registered Instrument) by uninsured first class mail (airmail 
if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such Holder of Registered Instrument. In 
this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the relevant Registrar of Registered 
Instrument is located. 
3.4 
No charge 
The transfer of a Registered Instrument will be effected without charge by or on behalf of SEK or 
the relevant Registrar but against such indemnity as the relevant Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph do not apply to the 
Scandinavian Instruments. 
3.5 
Closed periods 
Holders of Registered Instruments may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 
15 calendar days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Instruments. No Holder of the Scandinavian Instrument may require the transfer of 
the Scandinavian Instrument to be registered during a period which is the equivalent of any such 
close period pursuant to the then applicable rules and procedures of ESw, EFi or VP, as the case 
may be. 
3.6 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Registered Instruments and entries in the Register are subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Instruments scheduled to the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by SEK with the prior written approval of the 
relevant Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the 
relevant Registrar to any Holder of Registered Instrument who requests in writing a copy of such 
regulation. All transfers of the Scandinavian Instruments are subject to any cut-off dates 
applicable for such the Scandinavian Instruments and are subject to any other rules and 
procedures for the time being of ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be. The ESw rules and 
regulations may be downloaded from the website of ESw: www.ncsd.eu or www.euroclear.com. 
The EFi rules and regulations may be downloaded from the website of EFi: www.ncsd.eu and the 
VP rules and regulations may be downloaded from the website of VP: www.vp.dk. 
3.7 
Private Placement Legend 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Instrument Certificates of any Tranche bearing the 
private placement legend (the "Private Placement Legend") set forth in the form of Registered 
Instrument scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Registrar shall deliver only 
Instrument Certificates that also bear such legend unless either (i) such transfer, exchange or 
replacement occurs three or more years after the later of (1) the original issue date of Instruments 
of such Tranche or (2) the last date on which SEK or any affiliates (as defined in paragraph (a)(1) 
of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) of SEK as 
notified to the relevant Registrar by SEK as provided in the following sentence, was the 
beneficial owner of such Instrument (or any predecessor of such Instrument) or (ii) there is 
delivered to the relevant Registrar an opinion reasonably satisfactory to SEK of counsel 
experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the 
United States to the effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on the transfer set forth 
therein are required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of such laws. SEK 
covenants and agrees that it will not acquire any beneficial interest, and will cause its affiliates 
not to acquire any beneficial interest, in any Registered Instrument represented by any Instrument 
Certificate bearing the Private Placement Legend unless it notifies the relevant Registrar of such

--- Page 70 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
acquisition. The relevant Registrar and all Holders of Instruments shall be entitled to rely without 
further investigation on any such notification (or lack thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, such 
Private Placement Legend shall not apply to the Scandinavian Instruments. 
For so long as any of the Registered Instruments represented by any Instrument Certificate 
bearing the Private Placement Legend remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" within 
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, SEK covenants and agrees that it shall, 
during any period in which it is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under 
such Act, make available to any Holder of such Instruments in connection with any sale thereof 
and any prospective purchaser of such Instruments from such Holder, in each case upon request, 
the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act. For the avoidance of doubt, such Private Placement Legend shall not apply to the 
Scandinavian Instruments. 
4. 
Status 
4.1 
Senior Instruments 
This Condition 4.1 is applicable in relation to Instruments specified in the Final Terms as being 
senior instruments ("Senior Instruments").  
Senior Instruments constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
SEK and will rank pari passu amongst themselves. The rights of the Holder in respect of or 
arising from the Senior Instruments (including in respect of principal, interest, any premium, any 
other amounts and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if 
any are payable) shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw. likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of SEK, rank: 
(i) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under 
Swedish law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of SEK from time to time outstanding; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and to any subordinated liabilities. 
4.2 
Subordinated Instruments 
This Condition 4.2 is applicable only in relation to Instruments specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being subordinated instruments ("Subordinated Instruments"). 
(i) 
Status 
Subordinated Instruments constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of SEK and will rank pari passu amongst themselves. The rights of a 
Holder of Subordinated Instruments in respect of or arising from the Subordinated 
Instruments (including in respect of principal and interest and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event 
of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. 
konkurs) of SEK, be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of unsubordinated 
creditors of SEK (including Holders of Senior Instruments and claims in respect of 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities)  but shall rank pari passu with other subordinated 
indebtedness of SEK which by law ranks, or by its terms is expressed to rank, pari 
passu with the Subordinated Instruments and shall rank in priority to ordinary shares of 
SEK and any junior subordinated indebtedness of SEK which by law ranks, or by its 
terms is expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Instruments. 
SEK reserves the right to issue further subordinated instruments and other subordinated 
obligations which may rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Subordinated 
Instruments.

--- Page 71 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off and netting  
No Holder who in the event of the liquidation (Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. 
konkurs) of SEK shall be indebted to SEK shall be entitled to exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation, retention, counterclaim or netting against moneys 
owed by SEK in respect of Instruments (including any damages awarded for breach of 
any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) held by such Holder. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by 
SEK in respect of Instruments is discharged by set-off or netting, such Holder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such 
discharge to SEK (or in the event of its bankruptcy, the bankrupt estate of SEK) and, 
until such payment is made, shall hold an amount equal thereto for SEK (or the 
bankrupt estate of SEK) and separated in accordance with the Swedish Escrow Funds 
Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel). Accordingly, once SEK (or the 
bankrupt estate of SEK) has received an amount equal to the amount of such discharge, 
the discharge by set-off or netting will be deemed not to have taken place. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions) and Condition 15 (Calculation Agent) are 
applicable to the Instruments only if the Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
5.1 
Accrual of interest 
The Instruments bear interest from (and including or, in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 (Payments). Each 
Instrument will cease to bear interest from (but excluding, or in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, and including) the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions) 
(both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Instrument up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Holder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Holders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Instruments up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
5.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Instrument for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Instruments are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
5.3 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Instrument for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Instrument divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-
unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Instrument Provisions) is applicable only if the Floating Rate 
Instrument Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 72 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
6.1 
Accrual of interest 
The Instruments bear interest from (and including or, in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 (Payments). Each 
Instrument will cease to bear interest from (but excluding, or in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, and including) the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of: (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Instrument up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Holder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Instruments up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
6.2 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
6.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Interest Rate is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Instrument for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Interest Rate for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Instrument divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6.4 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Rate and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) and the occurrence of any event it is required to 
notify in accordance with these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, to be notified to the 
relevant Paying Agents, SEK, the Issuing Agent (in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments) 
and each competent authority, listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Instruments have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination or such occurrence and in any event, no later than two 
Business Days after such calculation or determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Holders of Registered Instruments and the Holders of the Scandinavian Instruments 
by the Fiscal Agent. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount, but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of an Instrument having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
6.5 
Determination of Interest Rate following acceleration 
If (i) the Instruments become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of 
Default) and (ii) the Interest Rate for the Interest Period during which the Instruments become 
due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of Conditions 6.8 (SONIA Floating Rate 
Instruments), 6.9 (€STR Floating Rate Instruments), 6.10 (SWESTR Floating Rate Instruments) 
and 6.12 (SOFR Floating Rate Instruments), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be 
the date on which the Instruments become so due and payable, and such Interest Rate shall

--- Page 73 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
continue to apply to the Instruments for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in the Conditions. 
6.6 
Screen Rate Determination 
This Condition 6.6 (Screen Rate Determination) does not apply to SONIA Floating Rate 
Instruments, €STR Floating Rate Instruments, SOFR Floating Rate Instruments or SWESTR 
Floating Rate Instruments. 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR) and 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated Instruments), if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined, and if a Reference Rate and a Relevant Screen Page are so specified (and 
the Reference Rate so specified is not SOFR, SONIA, €STR or SWESTR), the Interest Rate 
applicable to the Instruments for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(a) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided however that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer notifies to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided however that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Instruments during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Instruments in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period. 
6.7 
ISDA Determination 
(i) 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Instruments for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant 
ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:

--- Page 74 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(A) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided however that if no rate is available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate and 
notifies to the Calculation Agent; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number (which 
shall not be less than five (5) without the prior agreement of 
the Calculation Agent) of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout 
is 
the 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 75 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(iii) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout 
is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number 
(which shall not be less than five (5) without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent) of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(C)  
the definition of "Fallback Observation Day" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be replaced with the following: ""Fallback Observation Day" means, in 
respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding

--- Page 76 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, 
unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the 
related Payment Date.". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 6.7 shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
6.8 
SONIA Floating Rate Instruments 
This Condition 6.8 is only applicable to Instruments if Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded Daily SONIA 
(Lookback or Observation Period Shift) or (if "Index Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable) SONIA Compounded Index (together, "SONIA 
Floating Rate Instruments"). In such case the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant 
Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index (as the case may be) plus or minus the applicable 
relevant margin (for the purposes of this Condition 6.8, the "Relevant Margin") specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period be less than zero or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Interest Rate. 
(i) 
Definitions 
(A) 
General definitions relating to SONIA Floating Rate Instruments 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments are due and payable) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"p" means, the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
number representing a number of London Banking Days; and 
("p" shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five (5) 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
"SONIA" means the Sterling Overnight Index Average. 
(B) 
Definitions for Compounded Daily SONIA 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
interest rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
SONIA as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x D
𝑑 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Method" for determining the relevant Interest 
Rate may be 'Lookback' or 'Observation Period Shift' as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 77 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 365); 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means: 
(a) 
where the Compounded Daily SONIA Method is Lookback: the 
Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where the Compounded Daily SONIA Method is Observation Period 
Shift: in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Instruments become due and payable); 
"SONIAi" means, for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to; 
(a) 
where the Compounded Daily SONIA Method is Lookback: the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
or 
(b) 
where the Compounded Daily SONIA Method is Observation Period 
Shift: the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of that day "i"; and 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day. 
(C) 
Definitions for SONIA Compounded Index 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant SONIA IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant SONIA IndexEnd is determined; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 365); 
"Index Days" means, London Banking Days; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified, it shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
rate calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the

--- Page 78 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
fourth decimal place of a percentage point, with 0.00005% being rounded 
upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 D
𝑑 
"SONIA Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source; 
"SONIA IndexEnd" means the relevant SONIA Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"SONIA IndexStart" means the relevant SONIA Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(ii) 
Unavailability of SONIA Reference Rate 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall be: 
(A) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day 
and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, either (i) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors) or (ii) if more recent, the latest 
rate determined under paragraph (A) above. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if, with respect to any Interest Period, the SONIA Index is not 
published either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Interest Rate for that Interest Period as if Index 
Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA had been specified instead in the Final Terms and 
as if the Compounded Daily SONIA Method had been specified as 
"Observation Period Shift" in the relevant Final Terms and where "p" for the 
purposes of that definition in Condition 6.8(i) (SONIA Floating Rate 
Instruments - Definitions) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if a

--- Page 79 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA Index, the provisions of 
Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR) 
shall apply. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of Condition 6.8 (SONIA Floating Rate Instruments), the 
Interest Rate shall be: (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (substituting, if different, the Relevant Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable 
to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Relevant Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
6.9 
€STR Floating Rate Instruments 
This Condition 6.9 is applicable to Instruments only if Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lookback or Observation Period Shift) or (if "Index Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable) €STR Compounded Index (together, "€STR 
Floating Rate Instruments"). In such case the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant 
Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR or €STR Compounded Index (as the case may be) plus or minus the applicable 
relevant margin (for the purposes of this Condition 6.9, the "Relevant Margin") specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period be less than zero or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Interest Rate. 
(i) 
Definitions 
(A) 
General definitions relating to €STR Floating Rate Instruments 
"€STR" means the daily euro short-term rate; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p TARGET Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p TARGET Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Instruments are due and payable) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
"p" means, the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
number representing a number of TARGET Days. 
("p" shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five (5) 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
(B) 
Definitions for Compounded Daily €STR 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
interest rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
€STR as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005% being rounded upwards:

--- Page 80 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x D
𝑑 
"Compounded Daily €STR Method" for determining the relevant Interest 
Rate may be 'Lookback' or 'Observation Period Shift' as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of TARGET Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"€STRi" means, for any TARGET Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to; 
(a) 
where the Compounded Daily €STR Method is Lookback: the €STR 
Reference Rate for the TARGET Day falling "p" TARGET Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Day "i"; or 
(B) 
where the Compounded Daily €STR Method is Observation Period 
Shift: the €STR Reference Rate in respect of that day "i"; 
"€STR Administrator" means the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR; 
"€STR Administrator's Website" means the website of the European Central 
Bank or any successor source; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily €STR rate for such TARGET Day a as provided by the 
€STR Administrator (on the website of the €STR Administrator (or, if no 
longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the TARGET Day immediately following such 
TARGET Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in 
accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the 
€STR Administrator); 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant TARGET Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET Day in such Observation Period; 
"ni" means, for any TARGET Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such TARGET Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
TARGET Day; and 
"Observation Period" means: 
(a) 
where the Compounded Daily €STR Method is Lookback: the 
Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where the Compounded Daily €STR Method is Observation Period 
Shift: in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date which is "p" TARGET Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include

--- Page 81 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding the 
date which is "p" TARGET Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and 
payable). 
(C) 
Definitions for €STR Compounded Index 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant €STR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the 
relevant €STR IndexEnd is determined; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"€STR Compounded Index", in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place of a percentage point, with 0.000005% being rounded upwards): 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝐷
𝑑 
"€STR Index" means the screen rate or index value for compounded daily 
€STR rates administered by the European Central Bank (or a successor 
administrator of €STR) that is published or displayed by the European Central 
Bank or other information service from time to time; 
"€STR IndexEnd" means the relevant €STR Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"€STR IndexStart" means the relevant €STR Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"Index Days" means, TARGET Days; and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified, it shall be five. 
(ii) 
Unavailability of €STR Reference Rate 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if, with respect to any Interest Period, the €STR Index is not 
published either on the relevant Start or End date by the European Central Bank 
or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Central European Time) (or, if later, 
by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the €STR reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be), then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Interest Rate for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily €STR 
had been specified instead in the Final Terms and as if the Compounded Daily 
€STR Method had been specified as "Observation Period Shift" in the relevant 
Final Terms and where "p" for the purposes of that definition in Condition 6.9(i) 
(€STR Floating Rate Instruments - Definitions) shall be deemed to be the same 
as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of €STR Index, the

--- Page 82 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
provisions of Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) shall apply. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if, where any Interest Rate is to be calculated pursuant to 
Condition 6.9 (€STR Floating Rate Instruments) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required 
to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the €STR 
Administrator on the €STR Administrator's Website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and 
SWESTR) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of Condition 6.9 (€STR Floating Rate Instruments), the 
Interest Rate shall be: (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (substituting, if different, the Relevant Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable 
to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Relevant 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
6.10 
SWESTR Floating Rate Instruments 
This Condition 6.10 is applicable to Instruments only if Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded Daily SWESTR 
(Lookback or Observation Period Shift) or (if "Index Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable) SWESTR Compounded Index (together, "SWESTR 
Floating Rate Instruments"). In such case the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant 
Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily SWESTR or SWESTR Compounded Index (as the case may be) plus or minus the 
applicable relevant margin (for the purposes of this Condition 6.10, the "Relevant Margin") 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will 
the Interest Rate for any Interest Period be less than zero or, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate. 
(i) 
Definitions 
  
(A) 
General definitions relating to SWESTR Floating Rate Instruments 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p Stockholm Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p Stockholm Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments are due and payable) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"p" means, the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
number representing a number of Stockholm Business Days. 
("p" shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five (5) 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 83 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
"SWESTR" means the Swedish Krona Short Term Rate. 
  
(B) 
Definitions for Compounded Daily SWESTR 
"Compounded Daily SWESTR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the interest rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily SWESTR as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑊𝐸𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x D
𝑑 
"Compounded Daily SWESTR Method" for determining the relevant 
Interest Rate may be 'Lookback' or 'Observation Period Shift' as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of Stockholm Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Stockholm Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Stockholm Business Day in such 
Observation Period to, and including, the last Stockholm Business Day in such 
Observation Period;  
"ni" means, for any Stockholm Business Day "i", the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Stockholm Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following Stockholm Business Day;  
"Observation Period" means: 
(a) 
where the Compounded Daily SWESTR Method is Lookback: the 
Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where the Compounded Daily SWESTR Method is Observation 
Period Shift: in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date which is "p" Stockholm Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding the date which is "p" Stockholm Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" Stockholm Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable); 
"Stockholm Business Days" means any day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in Stockholm; 
"SWESTRi" means, for any Stockholm Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to; 
(a) 
where the Compounded Daily SWESTR Method is Lookback: the 
SWESTR Reference Rate for the Stockholm Business Day falling "p"

--- Page 84 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
Stockholm Business Day prior to the relevant Stockholm Business 
Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where the Compounded Daily SWESTR Method is Observation 
Period Shift: the SWESTR Reference Rate in respect of that day "i"; 
"SWESTR Administrator" means Sveriges Riksbank (or a successor 
administrator); 
"SWESTR Administrator's Website" means the website of Sveriges 
Riksbank (or any successor source publishing SWESTR); and 
"SWESTR Reference Rate" with respect to any Stockholm Business Day, 
means the SWESTR administered by Sveriges Riksbank and published for 
such Stockholm Business Day on the SWESTR Administrator's Website at 
11:00 a.m. Stockholm time on the immediately following Stockholm Business 
Day. 
(C) 
Definitions for SWESTR Compounded Index 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant SWESTR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant SWESTR IndexEnd is determined;  
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"Relevant Number" is five unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SWESTR Compounded Index", in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place of a percentage point, with 0.000005% being rounded upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑊𝐸𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑊𝐸𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝐷
𝑑 
"SWESTR Index" means the screen rate or index value for compounded daily 
SWESTR rates administered by Sveriges Riksbank (or a successor 
administrator) that is published on the Sveriges Riksbank Website or other 
information service from time to time; 
"SWESTR IndexEnd" means the relevant SWESTR Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Stockholm Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"SWESTR IndexStart" means the relevant SWESTR Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Stockholm Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
Unavailability of SWESTR Reference Rate 
(a) If the Reference Rate is SWESTR Compounded Index: with respect to any 
Interest Period, if the SWESTR Index is not published either on the relevant 
SWESTR IndexStart or SWESTR IndexEnd date by Sveriges Riksbank or other 
information service by 11:05 a.m. (Stockholm Time) (or, if later, by the time 
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator 
of the SWESTR reference rate or of such other information service, as the case

--- Page 85 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
may be), then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Interest Rate for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SWESTR had been specified instead 
in the Final Terms and as if the Compounded Daily SWESTR Method had been 
specified as "Observation Period Shift" in the relevant Final Terms and where 
"p" for the purposes of that definition in Condition 6.10(i) (SWESTR Floating 
Rate Instruments - Definitions) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SWESTR: (following the 
application of paragraph (a) above) in respect of any Stockholm Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as the case may be), if the 
SWESTR reference rate is not available or has not otherwise been published 
(and without prejudice to the replacement of the SWESTR reference rate as set 
out below), such SWESTR Reference Rate shall be a value equivalent to the 
average of the SWESTR rates on the two immediately preceding Stockholm 
Business Days, adjusted for any changes on the Sveriges Riksbank's repo rate 
as the SWESTR rate as published by Sveriges Riksbank. 
(c) If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of Condition 6.10 (SWESTR Floating Rate Instruments), the Interest 
Rate shall be: (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (substituting, if different, the Relevant Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable 
to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Relevant 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(d) In the event that an Index Cessation Event (SWESTR) (as defined below) and 
an Index Cessation Effective Date (SWESTR) (as defined below) has occurred, 
the SWESTR Reference Rate will be replaced as follows: 
(A) 
The reference rate for each Stockholm Business Day on or after such 
Index Cessation Effective Date (SWESTR) will be determined as if 
references to SWESTR were references to the SEK Recommended 
Rate (as defined below). 
(B) 
In the event that the SWESTR Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions the Reference Rate 
applicable to the relevant Interest Period will be that determined at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
If there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the SWESTR 
Reference Rate will be the rate which would have been applicable to the first 
Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on, and excluding, the Issue 
Date. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the SWESTR Reference Rate pursuant to 
paragraphs above, subject to the provisions of and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation for Subordinated Instruments), the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may also, in its sole discretion, make any further 
adjustments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Observation Period, 
SWESTR reference rate or Stockholm Business Day, as are necessary to implement the 
replacement mentioned above. Such definitions will be amended as contemplated in 
Condition 18 (Meetings of Holders) to reflect such changes, and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Issuing Agent or the Calculation Agent (as

--- Page 86 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
applicable) and the Registrar and the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), the Holders, specifying the replacement rate and the amendments 
implemented pursuant to Condition 18 (Meetings of Holders). The replacement rate and 
any other changes pursuant to this Condition will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on SEK, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Holders. 
"Index Cessation Event (SWESTR)" means a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of Sveriges Riksbank, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction, a resolution authority with jurisdiction or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority stating that Sveriges Riksbank has ceased or will cease 
to provide the SWESTR reference rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or provider that 
will continue to provide the SWESTR Reference Rate. 
"Index Cessation Effective Date (SWESTR)" means, in respect of an Index Cessation 
Event (SWESTR), the first day on which SWESTR is no longer provided by the 
Sveriges Riksbank (or any successor administrator of SWESTR). 
"SEK Recommended Rate" means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for SWESTR by Sveriges Riksbank, or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by Sveriges Riksbank for the purpose of recommending 
a replacement for SWESTR (which rate may be produced by Sveriges Riksbank or 
another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate, or if that rate is 
not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an 
authorised distributor. 
6.11 
Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR 
This Condition 6.11 does not apply to SOFR Floating Rate Instruments or SWESTR Floating 
Rate Instruments. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.11: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
 (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is so 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to

--- Page 87 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate, which, in the 
determination of the Independent Adviser in accordance with Condition 6.11(ii) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR- Independent Adviser), has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to 
the Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Instruments; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.11 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR- Benchmark Amendments); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(b) 
the later of: (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) above; 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of: (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) 
above; 
(e) 
the later of: (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date; 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (i) 
above; 
(f) 
the later of: (i) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Reference Rate is, or will by a specified future date be, no longer 
representative of an underlying market; and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (i) above; or 
(g) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by SEK 
under Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR - 
Independent Adviser) at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Instruments;

--- Page 88 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of: (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the Original 
Reference Rate relates; (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate; (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities; or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(ii) 
Independent Adviser 
Subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated Instruments), if 
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Interest 
Rate (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then SEK shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, 
excluding SOFR and SWESTR - Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 6.11 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR – Adjustment Spread)) and any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6.11 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR– Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.11 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR – Independent Adviser) shall act in good 
faith with expertise and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to SEK, the Paying Agents, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Interest Rate, or the 
Holders, for any determination made by it or for any advice given to SEK in connection 
with the operation of this Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR 
and SWESTR – Independent Adviser). 
(iii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.11(iv) (Benchmark Discontinuation, 
excluding SOFR and SWESTR – Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Interest Rate (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Instruments (subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation for Subordinated Instruments)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.11(iv) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR – Adjustment 
Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Instruments (subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated Instruments)).

--- Page 89 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines: (i) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable)). 
(v) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6.11 and the Independent Adviser determines: (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions (including without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Relevant Time or Relevant Screen Page and related provisions) 
and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Instruments are 
necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments"); and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent (if applicable) shall, at the direction and expense of SEK 
and subject to SEK giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.11 
(Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR - Notices, etc.), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice provided that the Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if in the 
Paying Agent's and the Calculation Agent's opinion doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions 
or the Fiscal Agency Agreement in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.11, SEK 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Instruments are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. 
(vi) 
Notices, etc. 
SEK will notify promptly (and in any event not less than five (5) Business Days prior to 
such changes taking effect) the Fiscal Agent, any other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and, in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices), the Holders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments and 
the effective date of such Benchmark Amendments, if any, determined under this 
Condition 6.11. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on SEK, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Holders. 
(vii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of SEK under the provisions of this Condition 
6.11, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.

--- Page 90 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(viii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Interest Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 6.11 by such 
Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Interest Rate last determined in relation to the Instruments 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.11(viii) shall apply to the determination of 
the Interest Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Interest Rate 
applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.11. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that, if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 6.11, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course 
of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
6.12 
SOFR Floating Rate Instruments 
This Condition 6.12 is applicable to Instruments only if Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and 
the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is (i) Compounded Daily SOFR (and 
the "Compounded Daily SOFR Method" for determining the relevant Interest Rate may be 
Lookback or Observation Period Shift), (ii) SOFR Compounded Index or (iii) Weighted Average 
SOFR (together, "SOFR Floating Rate Instruments"). In such case the Interest Rate applicable 
to the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index or Weighted Average SOFR (as the case 
may be) plus or minus the applicable relevant margin (for the purposes of this Condition 6.12, the 
"Relevant Margin") specified in the relevant Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. In no event will the Interest Rate for any Interest Period be less than zero or, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate. 
The provisions of Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR) 
do not apply to SOFR Floating Rate Instruments. 
(i) 
Definitions 
(A) 
General definitions relating to SOFR Floating Rate Instruments 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York, London and each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and is 
not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"p" means the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
number representing a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 91 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
("p" shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five (5) 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in 0 above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
during the relevant Interest Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date which, where this definition applies, shall be no less than 
five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (such Period, the "Cut-Off Period"); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(B) 
Definitions for Compounded Daily SOFR Method 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place of a percentage point, with 0.000005% 
being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x D
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;

--- Page 92 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR where the Compounded Daily 
SOFR Method is Lookback: the Interest Period; or 
(b) 
in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR where the Compounded Daily 
SOFR Method is Observation Period Shift: in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Instruments become due and payable); and 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to: 
(a) 
in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR where the Compounded Daily 
SOFR Method is Lookback: SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Business Days 
prior to that day "i"; 
(b) 
in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR where the Compounded Daily 
SOFR Method is Observation Period Shift: SOFR in respect of that 
day "i". 
(C) 
Definitions for SOFR Compounded Index 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place of a percentage point, with 0.000005% being rounded 
upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (D
𝑑) 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the 
relevant SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"Index Days" means, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified, it shall be five; 
"SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall be the value as published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York Time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("SOFR Index Determination Time"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the relevant SOFR Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such

--- Page 93 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period) (a "SOFR Index Determination End 
Date"); 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the relevant SOFR Index value on the day falling 
the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (a "SOFR Index Determination Start Date"); and 
"SOFR Index Date" means an SOFR Index Determination Start Date or an 
SOFR Index Determination End Date, as the case may be. 
(D) 
Definitions for Weighted Average SOFR 
"Observation Period": means in respect of Weighted Average SOFR: the 
Interest Period; 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to: 
(a) 
if such U.S. Government Securities Business Day is a SOFR Reset 
Date, SOFR in relation to the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset Date; and 
(b) 
if such U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not a SOFR 
Reset Date (being a U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
in the Cut-Off Period), SOFR in relation to the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last SOFR Reset 
Date in such Interest Period; 
"Weighted Average SOFR" means the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect 
for each SOFR Reset Date during the relevant Interest Period (each such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, "i"), calculated by multiplying the 
relevant SOFR by the number of SOFR Reset Dates such SOFR is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
SOFR Reset Dates in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that the 
last four (4) SOFR Reset Dates of such Interest Period shall be a "Suspension 
Period". During a Suspension Period, the SOFR for each day during that 
Suspension Period will be the value for the SOFR Reset Date immediately 
prior to the first day of such Suspension Period. 
(ii) 
Unavailability of SOFR Index 
Subject as set out in Condition 6.12 (SOFR Floating Rate Instruments - Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments) below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant SOFR Index 
Date, and a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have not occurred, "SOFR Compounded Index" means, for an Interest Determination 
Date with respect to an Interest Period, USD-SOFR-COMPOUND, i.e., the daily 
compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of such interest is the SOFR), calculated in accordance with only the 
formula and definitions required for such formula set forth in USD-SOFR-
COMPOUND of Supplement number 57 (for the avoidance of doubt, without applying 
all fallbacks included therein) to the ISDA Definitions (and for the purposes of such 
provisions, references to "Calculation Period" shall mean, the period from and 
including the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date of the relevant Interest Period to, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to 
such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (or if the 
Instruments become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), the date on which the Instruments become due and payable (or, if such date is

--- Page 94 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding such date) and references to "SOFR Index 
Cessation Event" shall mean Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below)). If a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred during such Interest Period, the provisions below under Condition 6.12(iii) 
(SOFR Floating Rate Instruments - Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to such 
Interest Period and any future Interest Periods (subject to the occurrence of any future 
Benchmark Transition Event). 
(iii) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated 
Instruments), if the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Instruments in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Holders. Any determination, decision or election 
that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Instruments, shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Instruments or any other party. 
(b) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 6.12(iii) will be notified promptly (and in any 
event not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to such changes taking effect) 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect. 
(c) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming: (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement; and (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.12(iii); 
and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(d) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6.12, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Instruments for

--- Page 95 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.12(iii)(d) shall 
apply to the determination of the Interest Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Interest Rate applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 6.12. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.12: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
as applicable, as such term is defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR 
or Weighted Average SOFR as applicable (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer on the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark; and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted Interest Rate as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate instruments at such time; 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer on the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate instruments at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark

--- Page 96 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of: (1) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and (2) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the relevant Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index

--- Page 97 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time; and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded Daily SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after 
giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that, if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 6.12, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course 
of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
6.13 
Benchmark Discontinuation for Subordinated Instruments.  
In respect of Subordinated Instruments, the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread, and any Benchmark Amendments or any Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, as 
the case may be, shall be made in accordance with the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations 
and shall only be made to the extent that they do not prejudice qualification of the Subordinated 
Instruments as Tier 2 capital of SEK or the Group, as the case may be, for the purposes of and in 
accordance with the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
7. 
Index-Linked Instrument Provisions 
This Condition 7 is applicable only if the Index-Linked Instrument Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.1 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of the Instruments will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if on the Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, the Index Level is greater than or equal to the Determination Level, then 
the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Higher Index-
Linked Interest Rate; and 
(ii) 
if on the Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, the Index Level is lower than the Determination Level, then the Interest 
Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Lower Index-Linked Interest 
Rate. 
7.2 
Accrual of interest 
The Instruments bear interest from (and including or, in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 (Payments). Each 
Instrument will cease to bear interest from (but excluding, or in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, and including) the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation,

--- Page 98 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Instrument 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Instruments up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
7.3 
Interest Determination Date 
An Interest Determination Date in connection with Index-Linked Instruments shall in no event 
occur earlier than fifteen (15) or later than three Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Payment 
Date relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject to Condition 7.8 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days). 
7.4 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Interest Rate is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Instrument for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Interest Rate for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Instrument divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7.6 
Changes in circumstances affecting the Index 
(i) 
Correction of the Index Level 
In the event that the Index Level is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published on the original date of publication (provided that the publication shall be 
made no later than three Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Payment Date relating to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date), then with effect from (and 
including) the date of publication of such correction, the Calculation Agent shall use 
such corrected level instead of the level that was originally published in making the 
relevant calculation or determination under this Condition 7 and the definition of "Index 
Level" in Condition 7.7 (Definitions) shall be deemed to refer to such corrected level. 
(ii) 
Discontinuation of the Index/Alteration of Method of Calculation 
If subsequent to the Issue Date and prior to the Maturity Date, the Index is materially 
modified ("Index Modification") or permanently cancelled ("Index Cancellation") 
(each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent, (a) if it determines 
that such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Instruments and if it 
considers to be practicable and commercially reasonable, shall determine the Index 
Level using the same, or substantially the same methodology for determining the Index 
Level as was in effect immediately prior to the Index Adjustment Event, or (b) may 
require SEK to redeem the Instruments early, in whole but not in part, at the Market 
Value Redemption Amount by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 99 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
7.7 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 7, Condition 10.1(i) (Index-Linked Redemption Amount), 
Condition 10.6 (Mandatory Early Redemption) and Condition 10.7 (Redemption for Index 
Adjustment Event), the following expressions have the following meaning: 
"Determination Level" means a percentage of the Initial Level as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that it is impossible to obtain the Index Level or the Index Level for any reason should be 
disregarded. 
"Exchange(s)" means any stock exchange and/or quotation system relevant to the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Higher Index-Linked Interest Rate" means a percentage rate as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Index" means the relevant underlying (being an index, a share or a commodity, or a basket of 
indices, shares or commodities) as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Index Level" means the level of the Index at the Valuation Time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Level" or (in the case of more than one underlying index, share or commodity) "Initial 
Leveli" means, for each underlying index, share or commodity, the initial Index Level as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lower Index-Linked Interest Rate" means a percentage rate as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of its regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, an Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions or on 
which the Index Level would normally be published or determined. 
"Valuation Time" means the Scheduled Closing Time of the relevant Exchange(s). If an 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time. 
7.8 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Interest Determination Date and/or FRA Index Redemption Determination Date (as 
defined in Condition 10.1(i) (Index-Linked Redemption Amount)) and/or Trigger Determination 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then the relevant Interest Determination Date and/or FRA Index 
Redemption Determination Date and/or Trigger Determination Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, provided that, if there is no Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day on or prior to the day that is three Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the Payment Date relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity 
Date, then: (i) such day shall be deemed to be the Interest Determination Date and/or the FRA 
Index Redemption Determination Date and/or Trigger Determination Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index 
Level at the Valuation Time on such day in its sole and absolute discretion. 
7.9 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Rate and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, any other amount(s) required to be determined

--- Page 100 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) and the occurrence of any event it is required to 
notify in accordance with these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, to be notified to the 
relevant Paying Agents, SEK, the Issuing Agent (in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments) 
and each competent authority, listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Instruments have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination or such occurrence and in any event, no later than two 
Business Days after such calculation or determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Holders of Registered Instruments and the Holders of the Scandinavian Instruments 
by the Fiscal Agent. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount, but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of an Instrument having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions 
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Instruments only if the Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
8.1 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Instrument 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Instrument is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Instrument up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Holder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Holders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Instruments up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions 
This Condition 9 is applicable to the Instruments only if the FX Rate-Linked Instrument 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus as being 
applicable. 
9.1 
Calculation 
Each Instrument shall bear interest on the following basis (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus): 
(i) 
during the Fixed Rate Period (if any), each Instrument shall bear interest at the Fixed 
Interest Rate, and such interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date occurring 
in relation to such Fixed Rate Period in the amount(s) specified as the Fixed Interest 
Amount(s), each as is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
during the Indexed Interest Period, interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date occurring in relation to each Interest Period at the Indexed Interest Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the Indexed Interest Formula, provided that the product of the calculation of the 
Indexed Interest Formula shall never be less than zero unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. The Indexed Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Instrument for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
applying the Indexed Interest Formula (subject as provided above) to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being

--- Page 101 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Instrument divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
9.2 
Definitions 
"Fall-Back Screen Page" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"First Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
"Fixed Interest Amount(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Fixed Interest Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
"Fixed Rate Period" means each Interest Period from and including the date specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus to but excluding the date specified in such 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"FX Rate" as used in the Indexed Interest Formula, shall mean, as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, (i) the bid rate or (ii) the offered rate or (iii) the 
arithmetic mean of the bid rate and offered rate, appearing in the Specified Columns (if 
applicable), for the Relevant Exchange Rate on the Relevant Screen Page (or such other page as 
may replace that page on that service) at the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date, 
provided that if no such Relevant Exchange Rate(s) is or are published on the Relevant Screen 
page (or such other page as may replace that page on that service), or the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such other page as may replace that page on that service) is not available at the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the FX Rate shall mean, as applicable, (i) the bid 
rate or (ii) the offered rate or (iii) the mid rate, which shall be the arithmetic mean of the bid rate 
and offered rate, appearing in the Specified Columns (if applicable) for the Relevant Exchange 
Rate on the Fall-Back Screen Page (or such other page as may replace that page on that service) 
or determined by the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) at the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, each of the above as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Indexed Interest Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Indexed Interest Formula" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Indexed Interest Period" means the period of time from and including (or, in the case of the 
Scandinavian Instruments, but excluding) the date specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
or Drawdown Prospectus to but excluding (or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and 
including) the date specified in such Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Relevant Exchange Rate" means the foreign exchange rate for exchanging an amount in the 
First Currency for an amount in the Second Currency, expressed as a number of the First 
Currency per one of the Second Currency, each as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
or Drawdown Prospectus. If no such Relevant Exchange Rate appears on either the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such other page, as may replace that page on that service) or the Fall-Back 
Screen Page or such other pages as may replace that page on that service at the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, FX Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner unless a second 
alternative fall-back provision is specified in such Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 102 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
"Second Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
"Specified Columns" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
9.3 
Publication and Notification 
As soon as practicable after (i) determining each Indexed Interest Amount and/or any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it and (ii) the occurrence of any event it is required to 
notify in accordance with the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall inform the relevant 
Paying Agents, SEK, the Holders, the Issuing Agent (in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments) and each competent authority, listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Instruments have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
thereof as soon as practicable, and in any event no later than two Business Days after such 
calculation or determination. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Indexed 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount 
in respect of an Instrument having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
9.4 
Accrual of Interest 
Condition 6.1 (Floating Rate Instrument Provisions - Accrual of Interest) will be applicable to 
Instruments where the FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
10.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Instruments will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 
(Payments). 
(i) 
Index-Linked Redemption Amount 
If Index-Linked Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Max [Floor; Calculation Amount + Calculation Amount × Performance] 
provided that if a Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount shall not exceed such Cap. 
where: 
"Cap" means an amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor" means, (a) if the Index-Linked Instruments are fully principal protected, 100 per 
cent. of the Calculation Amount, and (b) in any other cases, a percentage of the 
Calculation Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in all such 
cases such percentage shall never be below zero; 
"Performance" means a value (which may be negative) determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
in the case of one underlying index, 
Participation × (Final Level-Initial Level)
Initial Level

--- Page 103 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
or 
in the case of more than one underlying index, 
Participation × ∑wi
n
i=1
(Final Leveli-Initial Leveli)
Initial Leveli
 
where: 
"Final Level" or (in the case of more than one underlying index, share or commodity) 
"Final Leveli", means the relevant Index Level(s) on the FRA Index Redemption 
Determination Date(s) provided that in the case that more than one FRA Index 
Redemption Determination Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Level or Final Leveli shall be the arithmetic average of the Index Levels on each of the 
FRA Index Redemption Determination Dates. 
"FRA Index Redemption Determination Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day 
before the Maturity Date, or such other dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms provided, however, that such date shall in 
no event occur earlier than fifteen (15) or later than three Scheduled Trading Days prior 
to the Maturity Date, subject to Condition 7.8 (Consequences of Disrupted Days). 
"Indexi" means each Index specified as such in the Index Table. 
"Index Table" means, where there is more than one Index, a table in the relevant Final 
Terms, substantially in the form below, setting out wi and the Initial Leveli of each Index 
(for the avoidance of doubt, wi may be made pro rata or non-pro rata, even though the 
sum would always add up to 100 per cent.): 
i 
Indexi 
Initial Leveli 
wi 
1 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent. 
2 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent. 
3 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent. 
4 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent. 
 
"Participation" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"wi" means in relation to the Index Table, the weighting of each Index in relation to the 
other underlying(s) comprising the Index Table. 
If any FRA Index Redemption Determination Date is a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Condition 7.7 (Index-Linked Instrument Provisions - Definitions)), then the relevant 
FRA Index Redemption Determination Date shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.8 (Index-Linked Instrument Provisions - Consequences of Disrupted Days). 
(ii) 
FX Event Linked Redemption Amounts 
If FX Event Linked Redemption is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus as being applicable, the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 15 (Calculation 
Agent) and on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an FX Event has occurred, the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be the principal amount or such other amount as 
shall be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus 
as being the "FX Event Amount"; and

--- Page 104 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an FX Event has not occurred, the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be the principal amount or such other amount 
as is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus as 
being the "Non-FX Event Amount". 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, subject to such adjustments, if any, as shall be 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
A "Determination Date FX Event" shall occur if the Calculation Agent determines 
that, at or about the Determination Time on the Determination Date, a trade could have 
been executed in the Spot Market exchanging an amount in the First Currency for an 
amount in the Second Currency at an FX greater than, or equal to or greater than, or less 
than, or equal to or less than (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the rate 
specified as "Determination Date FX" in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Determination Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"FX" means, at any time, the spot foreign exchange rate for exchanging an amount in 
the First Currency for an amount in the Second Currency in the Spot Market at such 
time, expressed as a number of the First Currency per one of the Second Currency. 
An "FX Event" shall occur if an Observation Period FX Event has or has not occurred 
and/or a Determination Date FX Event has or has not occurred, as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the Observation Period 
Start Time on the Observation Period Start Date (each as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms) to and including the Determination Time on the Determination Date, provided, 
however, that for the purposes of determining if an Observation Period FX Event has 
occurred, each period from but excluding 5.00 p.m., New York time, on Friday to but 
excluding 6.00 a.m., Sydney time, on Monday of the next week during the Observation 
Period shall be disregarded. 
An "Observation Period FX Event" shall occur if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a trade could have been executed in the Spot Market at any time during the 
Observation Period exchanging an amount in one currency (the "First Currency") for 
an amount in another currency (the "Second Currency") at an FX greater than, or equal 
to or greater than, or less than, or equal to or less than (as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus), the rate specified as "Observation 
Period FX" in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"Spot Market" means the global foreign exchange market determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, or as otherwise determined as set out in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The determination made by the Calculation Agent of whether an Observation Period 
FX Event and/or a Determination Date FX Event has occurred or not shall be made in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The Calculation Agent (i) may, at any time or times, during the Observation Period, and 
(ii) if an Observation Period FX Event has not previously occurred, shall, at the 
Determination Time on the Determination Date, determine if an Observation Period FX 
Event has occurred. 
As soon as practicable after an Observation Period FX Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall inform the Fiscal Agent thereof whereupon the Fiscal Agent 
shall notify SEK and the Holders thereof.

--- Page 105 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall, at the Determination Time on the Determination Date, 
determine if a Determination Date FX Event has occurred or not. 
As soon as practicable after it has made its determination on the Determination Date of 
whether a Determination Date FX Event shall has occurred or not and, if it has not 
previously done so, of whether an Observation Period FX Event has occurred or not, 
the Calculation Agent shall inform the Fiscal Agent thereof (and of whether an FX 
Event has occurred or not) whereupon the Fiscal Agent shall notify SEK and the 
Holders thereof. 
References in this Condition 10.1(ii) to an Observation Period FX Event or (as the case 
may be) a Determination Date FX Event shall not be applicable when an FX Event is 
not defined by reference to such term. 
(iii) 
FX Rate – Linked Redemption Amounts 
If FX Rate – Linked Redemption is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus as being applicable, the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the FRA Determination Date in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Calculation Agent) and with the FRA Formula specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"FRA Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, subject to such adjustments, if any, as shall be 
specified in the such Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
"FRA Formula" has the meaning given in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
"FXFRA Rate", as used in the FRA Formula, shall mean, as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus (i) the bid rate or (ii) the offered rate or 
(iii) the arithmetic mean of the bid rate and the offered rate, appearing in the Specified 
Columns (if applicable), for the Relevant Exchange Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such other page as may replace that page on that service) at the 
Relevant Time on the FRA Determination Date, provided that if no such Relevant 
Exchange Rate(s) is or are published on the Relevant Screen Page (or such other page 
as may replace that page on that service), or the Relevant Screen Page (or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service) is not available at the Relevant Time on 
the FRA Determination Date, the FXFRA Rate shall mean, as applicable (i) the bid rate 
or (ii) the offered rate or (iii) the mid-rate, which shall be the arithmetic mean of bid 
rate and the offered rate, appearing in the Specified Columns (if applicable) for the 
Relevant Exchange Rate on the Fall-Back Screen Page (or such other page as may 
replace that page on that service) or determined by the Calculation Agent (as the case 
may be) at the Relevant Time on the FRA Determination Date. 
"Relevant Exchange Rate" means the foreign exchange rate for exchanging an amount 
in the First Currency for an amount in the Second Currency, expressed as a number of 
the First Currency per one of the Second Currency. 
If no such Relevant Exchange Rate appears on either the Relevant Screen Page or such 
other page as may replace that page on that service or the Fall-Back Screen Page or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service at the Relevant Time on the 
FRA Determination Date, FXFRA Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner unless a 
second alternative fall-back provision is added in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
As soon as practicable after determining the Final Redemption Amount, the Calculation 
Agent shall inform the Fiscal Agent thereof, whereupon the Fiscal Agent shall notify 
SEK and the Holders thereof.

--- Page 106 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
10.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject, in the case of any Subordinated Instruments, to the provisions of Condition 10.14 
(Redemption and Purchase - Conditions for redemption and purchase of Subordinated 
Instruments), SEK may at its option redeem the Instruments in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if none of the Floating Rate Instrument Provisions, the Index-Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions or the FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions (unless, the 
date fixed for redemption is within the Fixed Rate Period) are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Instrument Provisions, the Index-
Linked Interest Instrument Provisions or the FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions 
(unless, the date fixed for redemption is within the Fixed Rate Period) are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' (or such other period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) notice to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at the Tax Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with interest accrued (if any) 
to (but excluding, or in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and including) the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(a) 
SEK has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 11.3 (Taxation) as a result of any actual or potential change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the last issued Tranche of the Instruments, and such obligation cannot be 
avoided by SEK taking reasonable measures available to it (a "Withholding Tax 
Event"); or 
(b) 
a Tax Event occurs, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Instruments may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which SEK would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, or 
be subject to such additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges, if a 
payment in respect of the Instruments were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Instruments may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the 
earliest date on which SEK would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, or 
be subject to such additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges, if a 
payment in respect of the Instruments were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, SEK 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of the Scandinavian Instrument, the 
Issuing Agent a certificate signed by two members of the Executive Management of 
SEK stating that SEK is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of SEK so to redeem have 
occurred. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.2, 
SEK shall be bound to redeem all (but not some only) of the Instruments in accordance 
with this Condition 10.2. 
"Tax Event" means the certification by an authorised signatory of SEK to the effect that, 
as a result of: 
(a) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any 
regulations thereunder) of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation;

--- Page 107 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
(b) 
any governmental action of the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(c) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the 
interpretation of such governmental action or any interpretation or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such governmental 
action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each 
case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, 
irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change is 
made known, which amendment, clarification, or change is effective or such 
pronouncement or decision is announced on or after the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of the Instruments, there is more than an insubstantial risk that: 
(A) 
SEK is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges with respect to the Instruments or is not, or will 
not be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect 
of such Instruments in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of 
such deduction would be materially reduced); or 
(B) 
the treatment of any of SEK's items of income or expense with respect 
to the Instruments as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated 
returns) filed (or to be filed) by SEK will no longer be respected by a 
taxing authority, which subjects SEK to additional taxes, duties or 
other governmental charges. 
10.3 
Redemption at the option of SEK 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Instruments 
may be redeemed (in the case of any Subordinated Instruments, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10.14 (Redemption and Purchase – Conditions for redemption and purchase of 
Subordinated Instruments)) at the option of SEK in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on SEK's giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) notice to the Holder (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige SEK to redeem the Instruments or, as the case may be, the 
Instruments specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding, or in the 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and including) such date). In the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments, the notice shall also specify: 
(i) 
the closed period for the purposes of Condition 3.5 (Register and Transfers of Registered 
Instruments and Scandinavian Instruments – Closed periods) and; 
(ii) 
in the case of partial redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4(ii) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Partial Redemption – Partial Redemption of Registered Instruments or 
Scandinavian Instruments), the Scandinavian Instruments or amounts thereof to be 
redeemed. 
10.4 
Partial redemption: 
(i) 
Partial Redemption of Bearer Instruments 
If the Instruments are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of SEK), the 
Instruments to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the 
Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, 
subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Instruments have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Holders referred to in 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of SEK) shall 
specify the series numbers of the Instruments so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 108 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than 
the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(ii) 
Partial Redemption of Registered Instruments or Scandinavian Instruments 
If Registered Instruments or Scandinavian Instruments are to be redeemed in part only 
on any date in accordance with Condition 10.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of SEK), each Registered Instrument or Scandinavian Instrument, as the 
case may be shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Registered Instruments or Scandinavian Instruments to be 
redeemed on the relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Registered Instruments or Scandinavian Instruments on 
such date. 
10.5 
Redemption at the option of Holders 
If the Instruments are Senior Instruments and Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, SEK shall, at the option of the Holder redeem such Instrument on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding, or 
in the case of Scandinavian, and including) such date. In order to exercise the option contained in 
this Condition 10.5, the Holder of an Instrument must, not less than 45 nor more than 60 days (or 
such other period of time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any relevant Paying Agent such Instrument 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto, in the case of Bearer Instruments, or 
deposit with the relevant Registrar the relevant Instrument Certificate relating to such Instrument, 
in the case of Registered Instruments, and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any relevant Paying Agent or Registrar, as the case may be given in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). In the case of Scandinavian Instruments, the duly completed Put 
Option Notice (in the form obtainable from the Issuing Agent in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices)) must be deposited with the Issuing Agent not less than 45 nor more than 60 days (or 
such other period of time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put). Further, a Put Option Notice shall not take effect against SEK, 
in the case of Scandinavian Instruments until the relevant Scandinavian Instruments have been 
transferred to an account designated by the Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by the 
said Issuing Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the purposes of 
Condition 3.5 (Register and Transfers of Registered Instruments and Scandinavian Instruments – 
Closed periods)). The relevant Paying Agent, the Issuing Agent or the relevant Registrar, as the 
case may be, with which an Instrument and/or a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Instrument or Instrument 
Certificate, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 10.5, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Instrument or the Instruments evidenced by any Instrument 
Certificate becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Instrument or Instrument Certificate on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of 
the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent or Registrar 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Holder at such address as may have been given 
by such Holder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Instrument or Instrument 
Certificate at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Holder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Bearer Instrument is held by a 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10.5, the depositor of such Instrument and not 
such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Instrument for all purposes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments, the right to require 
redemption of such Instruments in accordance with this Condition 10.5 must be exercised in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of ESw, EFi or VF, as the case may be, and if there is 
any inconsistency between the foregoing and the rules and procedures of ESw, EFi or VF, as the 
case may be, the rules and procedures of ESw, EFi or VF, as the case may be, shall prevail.

--- Page 109 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
10.6 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
If, at the Trigger Determination Time on any relevant Trigger Determination Date, the relevant 
FX Rate (as defined in Condition 9 (FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions)) specified in the 
Final Terms or the relevant Index Level (as defined in Condition 7 (Index-Linked Instrument 
Provisions)) (except that all references to "Interest Determination Date" shall be deleted and 
replaced with the term "Trigger Determination Date" and all references to "Relevant Time" and 
"Valuation Time" shall be deleted and replaced with the term "Trigger Determination Time", 
respectively, for the purposes of this Condition 10.6) is, as specified in the Final Terms (i) equal 
to or greater than, (ii) equal to or lower than or (iii) equal to, the Trigger (the "Trigger Event") 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (in accordance with Condition 15 (Calculation Agent)), 
the Instruments shall be subject to mandatory early redemption without further notice to the 
Holders at the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount, in whole but not in part, on the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
As soon as practicable and no more than two Business Days after the Calculation Agent has 
determined on any relevant Trigger Determination Date whether or not a Trigger Event has 
happened, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Fiscal Agent and SEK thereof, whereupon the 
Fiscal Agent shall notify the Holders thereof in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) below. 
10.7 
Redemption for Index Adjustment Event 
If an Index Adjustment Event occurs and the Calculation Agent determines that it is or will be 
impossible or impracticable to determine the Index Level on any future date upon which such 
determination is to be made, it shall require that SEK shall redeem the Instruments prior to the 
Maturity Date, and SEK shall, giving not less than three nor more than 30 days' (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior notice to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Instruments in whole 
but not in part, at the Market Value Redemption Amount. 
10.8 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Instruments 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Condition 10 and unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon 
Instrument at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments only, but 
excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding or, in the case of the Scandinavian 
Instruments only, and including) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which the Instrument becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10.8 or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
10.9 
Redemption for Illegality 
If Redemption for Illegality is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then in 
the event that the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that the performance of SEK's 
obligations under the Instruments or that any arrangements made to hedge SEK's position under 
the Instruments has or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part 
as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, 
or in the interpretation thereof, SEK may, giving not less than three nor more than 30 days' (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior notice to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the 
Instruments in whole, but not in part, at the Market Value Redemption Amount or (in the case of 
Fixed rate Instruments or Floating Rate Instruments and only if so specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 110 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Terms) their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding, or in the 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and including) the date fixed for redemption. 
10.10 
Purchase of Instruments 
SEK may at any time purchase Instruments in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
subject: (i) (in the case of Subordinated Instruments) to Condition 10.14 (Conditions for 
redemption and purchase of Subordinated Instruments); and (ii) in all cases, applicable law and 
regulation. Such Instruments may be held, reissued, resold or, at the discretion of SEK, 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation. Instruments 
so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
10.11 
Subordinated Instruments – Redemption Upon the Occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 10.11 applies only in the case of Instruments specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Subordinated Instruments and where this Condition 10.11 is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to "Instruments" in this Condition 10.11 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to Condition 10.14 (Redemption and Purchase – Conditions for redemption and 
purchase of Subordinated Instruments) below, if a Capital Event occurs, SEK may, within 90 
calendar days of the occurrence of the relevant Capital Event, at its option, give notice to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) that all 
(but not some only) of the outstanding Instruments comprising the relevant Series shall be 
redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Instruments other than Floating Rate Instruments, at any time within 
the period of not less than 15 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Instruments, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within 
the period of not less than 15 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) 
if there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest 
Payment Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (in each case) with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of 
such notice, SEK shall redeem the Instruments. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden and 
applicable to SEK or the Group, as the case may be, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD IV and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy adopted from time to time and then in effect of the Relevant 
Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to SEK or the Group, as the case may 
be); 
A "Capital Event" means the determination by SEK, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that by reason of the non-compliance of the Instruments with the criteria for Tier 2 
capital as a result of a change in Swedish law or Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments, either (i) the Instruments are fully excluded or (ii) if 
the applicable Final Terms specify that Partial Capital Exclusion applies and to the extent partial 
exclusion is not prohibited under the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations, the Instruments 
are fully or partially excluded, from the Tier 2 capital of SEK or the Group, as the case may be 
(other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital), such 
determination to be confirmed by SEK in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
SEK;

--- Page 111 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
"CRD IV" means the legislative package consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time and the CRD IV Regulation; 
"CRD IV Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; and 
"Tier 2 capital" means Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Capital Adequacy 
Regulations. 
10.12 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 10.12 applies only in the case of Instruments where this Condition 10.12 is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
If at any time (i) a Capital Event occurs in respect of the Subordinated Instruments and is 
continuing or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers) in respect of any Instruments, SEK may, subject in the case of any 
Subordinated Instruments to Condition 10.14 (Redemption and Purchase - Conditions for 
redemption and purchase of Subordinated Instruments) (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Holders) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Instruments for, or vary the terms of such Instruments 
and/or the terms of the Fiscal Agency Agreement so that they remain or, as appropriate, become 
Qualifying Securities, as the case may be. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by SEK (in substitution for 
Instruments previously issued by SEK, the "Preceding Instruments") that: 
(i) 
(other than in respect of (A) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers) and (B) paragraph (d) below) have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Holders as a class than the terms of the Preceding Instruments (as 
reasonably determined by SEK, after having consulted an independent third party 
financial adviser of international standing), provided that they shall: 
(a) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Preceding Instruments prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be; 
(b) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Preceding Instruments prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be; 
(c) 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Preceding Instruments 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not 
limited to, as to timing and amount; 
(d) 
in the case of any Subordinated Instruments, comply with the then current 
requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital; 
(e) 
preserve any existing rights under the Preceding Instruments to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date; 
(f) 
where the Preceding Instruments had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to 
their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or 
higher than:

--- Page 112 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
(1) 
the solicited credit rating of the Preceding Instruments immediately prior to 
their substitution or variation; or 
(2) 
where the solicited credit rating of the Preceding Instruments was, as a result 
of Condition 24 (Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) becoming ineffective 
and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the 
solicited credit rating of the Preceding Instruments immediately prior to such 
amendment; and 
(g) 
not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs 
or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Preceding Instruments were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by SEK. 
10.13 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Instruments 
All Instruments surrendered for cancellation pursuant to this Condition 10 will (provided, that 
all unmatured Coupons are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) be cancelled forthwith, and 
may not be resold or reissued. 
10.14 
Conditions for redemption and purchase of Subordinated Instruments  
This Condition 10.14 applies only in the case of Instruments specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Subordinated Instruments. 
Any redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Instruments other than in the case of a 
redemption at maturity in accordance with Condition 10.1 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Scheduled redemption), substitution, variation or purchase shall be subject to the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if such permission is then required by the Applicable 
Capital Adequacy Regulations), and, in addition, SEK may only redeem or repurchase the 
Subordinated Instruments if: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated 
Instruments, SEK replaces the Subordinated Instruments with own funds instruments of 
an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
SEK has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements under CRD IV and Directive 2014/59/EU by a margin that the Relevant 
Regulator considers necessary. 
Further, in the case of redemption or repurchase before five years after the issue date of the 
Subordinated Instruments: 
(A) 
one of the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Relevant 
Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) SEK demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Instruments; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or Tax 
Event, SEK demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such 
Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of issuance of the Instruments; or 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, SEK replaces the 
Instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Regulator has permitted that action 
on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or

--- Page 113 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
(E) 
the Subordinated Instruments are repurchased for market making purposes,  
Notwithstanding the conditions set out in this Condition 10.14, if, at the time of any such 
redemption or purchase, the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations permit the redemption or 
purchase of the Subordinated Instruments only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 10.14, SEK shall comply with 
such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
11. 
Events of Default 
11.1 
Events of Default – Senior Instruments 
This Condition 11.1 applies only in the case of Instruments specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Senior Instruments. 
If any of the following events (hereinafter called an "Event of Default") shall occur and shall be 
continuing: 
(i) 
SEK shall default for more than 15 days in any payment in respect of principal or for 
more than 30 days in any payment in respect of interest which is due and payable in 
respect of any of the Instruments of the relevant Series; or 
(ii) 
a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden (having 
jurisdiction in respect of the same) has instituted a proceeding or entered a decree or 
order for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, rehabilitation, 
readjustment of debt, marshalling of assets and liabilities, or similar arrangements 
involving SEK or all or substantially all of its property and such proceeding, decree or 
order has not been vacated or has remained in force undischarged or unstayed for a 
period of 60 days; or 
(iii) 
SEK shall file a petition to take advantage of any insolvency statute or voluntarily 
suspends payment of its obligations, 
then, in any such event, the Holder of any Senior Instrument may by written notice to SEK, 
effective upon receipt thereof by SEK (the "Notification Date"), declare such Senior Instrument 
to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Senior Instrument, together (in the case of an 
interest-bearing Senior Instrument) with interest accrued to the date of payment, shall become 
immediately (or, in the case of the Scandinavian Instruments, such later date on which the 
relevant Scandinavian Instruments have been transferred to the account designated by the Issuing 
Agent and blocked for further transfer by such Issuing Agent) (such date shall be the first date of 
a closed period for the purposes of Condition 3.5 (Closed periods)) due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount unless prior to such Notification Date, such Event of Default shall have 
been cured. 
11.2 
Events of Default – Subordinated Instruments  
This Condition 11.2 applies only in the case of Instruments specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Subordinated Instruments. 
If any of the following events (hereinafter called an "Event of Default") shall occur and shall be 
continuing: 
(i) 
SEK shall default for more than 15 days in any payment in respect of principal or for 
more than 30 days in any payment in respect of interest which is due and payable in 
respect of any of the Subordinated Instruments of the relevant Series; or 
(ii) 
a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden (having 
jurisdiction in respect of the same) has instituted a proceeding or entered a decree or 
order for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, rehabilitation, 
readjustment of debt, marshalling of assets and liabilities, or similar arrangements 
involving SEK or all or substantially all of its property and such proceeding, decree or

--- Page 114 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
order has not been vacated or has remained in force undischarged or unstayed for a 
period of 60 days; or 
(iii) 
SEK shall file a petition to take advantage of any insolvency statute or voluntarily 
suspends payment of its obligations, 
then, in the case of an event in paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, the Holder may at its discretion, by 
written notice to SEK, declare that its Subordinated Instruments are and shall, subject to the 
provisions set out below in this Condition 11.2, become immediately (or, in the case of the 
Scandinavian Instruments, such later date on which the relevant Scandinavian Instruments have 
been transferred to the account designated by the Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer 
by such Issuing Agent) (such date shall be the first date of a closed period for the purposes of 
Condition 3.5 (Closed periods)), due and payable each at its Early Termination Amount together 
(in the case of interest-bearing Instruments) with interest accrued to the date of payment. 
If any Subordinated Instruments become due and payable under this Condition 11.2 (or in the 
case of an event in paragraph (i) above), the Holder may institute such steps, including the 
obtaining of a judgment against SEK for any amount due in respect of its Subordinated 
Instruments, as it thinks desirable with a view to having SEK declared bankrupt (konkurs) or to 
having SEK apply for liquidation (likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any 
Subordinated Instruments become due and payable under this Condition 11.2 (or in the case of an 
event in paragraph (i) above) SEK shall, except with the prior consent (if such consent is then 
required) of the Relevant Regulator, only be required to make such payment after it has been 
declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation). 
A Holder may at its discretion institute such proceedings against SEK as it may think fit to 
enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on SEK under the 
Subordinated Instruments (other than, without prejudice to what is set out above, any obligation 
for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Subordinated Instruments) provided 
that SEK shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum 
or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against SEK, other than as provided in this Condition 11.2 or proving or claiming in 
the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of SEK in the Kingdom of Sweden or 
elsewhere, shall be available to any Holder whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of the Subordinated Instruments or in respect of any breach by SEK of any of its obligations or 
undertakings under the Subordinated Instruments. 
 
11.3 
Events of Default – All Instruments 
This Condition 11.2 is applicable in relation to all Instruments. 
Neither (i) a reduction or cancellation of all, or portion, of the Relevant Amounts (as defined in 
Condition 24 (Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) in respect of the Instruments on a permanent 
basis, (ii) the conversion thereof into shares, other securities or other obligations of SEK or 
another person or the conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations, (iii) the 
cancellation of the Instruments nor (iv) any amendment to the amount or dates for payment of 
interest or principal or any other variation of the terms of the Instruments, as a result of the 
exercise of any resolution, moratorium or Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (each as defined in Condition 24 (Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) 
will be an Event of Default or constitute the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of 
SEK or entitle Holders to take any action to cause SEK to be declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put 
into liquidation (likvidation) or give rise to any acceleration rights in respect of the Instruments. 
12. 
Taxation 
12.1 
Gross-up 
Subject as set out below all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Instruments will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or

--- Page 115 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any 
authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. In such event, SEK will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by a Holder, as the case may be, after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest (or interest only in the case 
of Subordinated Instruments) which would have been receivable in respect of such Instrument or 
Coupon, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Instrument or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i). 
by or on behalf of a Holder that is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of its 
Instrument or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of 
Sweden other than the mere holding of such Instrument or Coupon, or 
(ii). 
where the Holder is able to avoid such withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(iii). 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on 
such thirtieth day. 
As used herein the "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of: (i) the date on which such 
payment first becomes due; and (ii) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
received by the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which notice has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) that the full amount of such moneys has been so received. 
References to principal and/or interest in respect of the Instruments shall be deemed also to refer 
to any additional amounts in respect of principal (other than in the case of any Subordinated 
Instruments) and/or interest, as applicable, which may be payable under this Condition. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid by SEK on the Instruments will be paid net 
of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement, or any 
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or 
any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), 
and SEK will not be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding 
Tax. 
12.2 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If SEK becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of 
Sweden, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Sweden shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Payments 
13.1 
Payments – Bearer Instruments 
This Condition 13.1 is applicable in relation to Instruments specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being in bearer form. 
(i) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Instruments at the Specified Office of any 
relevant Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in 
which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
(or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or

--- Page 116 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in 
London). 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 13.1(viii) (Payments other than in 
respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any relevant Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described 
in Condition 13.1(i) (Principal) above. 
(iii) 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying 
Agent in New York City if (i) SEK has appointed Paying Agent(s) outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent(s) will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Instruments in the currency in which 
the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the 
offices of all such Paying Agent(s) is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(iv) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Instruments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11.3 (Taxation), and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of 
Condition 11.3 (Taxation), any FATCA Withholding. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Holders in respect of such payments. 
(v) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions are 
applicable, and an Instrument is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(a) if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of 
the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(b) if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(i) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(ii) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 117 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 
13.1(i) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender 
of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(vi) 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 13.1(vi) is applicable or that the 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions, the Index-Linked Interest Instrument Provisions, 
or the FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions are applicable or where the payment of 
principal under the Instrument is in a currency different from the currency in which the 
Coupons are payable, on the due date for final redemption of any Instrument or early 
redemption of such Instrument pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of SEK), Condition 10.5 
(Redemption at the option of Holders), Condition 10.6 (Mandatory Early Redemption), 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption for Index Adjustment Event), Condition 10.9 (Redemption 
for Illegality) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(vii) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Instrument or Coupon is not 
a Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment 
in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
(viii) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only 
against presentation of the relevant Instruments at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 
13.1(iii) (Payments – Bearer Instruments- Payments in New York City)). 
(ix) 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Instrument or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(x) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Instruments, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a 
further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Instrument, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Instrument shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(xi) 
Disruption of Specified Currency 
This Condition 13.1(xi) shall not apply to Renminbi Instruments. In the event that the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion that it 
is not possible to make a payment in the Specified Currency, due to an event (or events) 
beyond the control of SEK (a "Currency Disruption Event"), then payment of any 
amount due in respect of the Instruments and Coupons after the occurrence of the 
Currency Disruption Event shall be made in U.S. dollar or euro (in an amount

--- Page 118 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
equivalent to the relevant amount(s) due and denominated in the Specified Currency), 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Notice 
(which shall be irrevocable) of a Currency Disruption Event shall be given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
13.2 
Payments – Registered Instruments 
This Condition 13.2 is applicable in relation to Instruments specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being in registered form but, for the avoidance of doubt, are not Scandinavian Instruments. 
(i) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on or, upon application by a Holder of Registered Instrument to the 
specified office of the relevant Registrar not later than the fifteenth day before the due 
date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of such currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of final redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
only, endorsement) of the relevant Instrument Certificates at the specified office of any 
relevant Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on or, upon application by a Holder of Registered Instrument to the 
specified office of the relevant Registrar not later than four Business Days before the due 
date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of such currency 
and, in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Instrument Certificate at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent. 
(iii) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Registered Instruments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11.3 (Taxation), and (ii) notwithstanding the 
provisions of Condition 11.3 (Taxation), any FATCA Withholding. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Holders of Registered Instruments in respect of such 
payments. 
(iv) 
Payments on Business Days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value 
the due date, or, if the due date is not a Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque 
will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payment on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant 
Instrument Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at 
the Specified Office of a relevant Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Instrument shall not be entitled to 
any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the 
due date for payment not being a Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 13.2(iv) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
mail.

--- Page 119 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
(v) 
Disruption of Specified Currency 
This Condition 13.2(v) shall not apply to Renminbi Instruments. In the event that the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion that it 
is not possible to make a payment in the Specified Currency, due to an event (or events) 
beyond the control of SEK (a "Currency Disruption Event"), then payment of any 
amount due in respect of the Instruments after the occurrence of the Currency Disruption 
Event shall be made in U.S. dollar or euro (in an amount equivalent to the relevant 
amount(s) due and denominated in the Specified Currency), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Notice (which shall be irrevocable) 
of a Currency Disruption Event shall be given to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
13.3 
Payments – Renminbi Instruments 
This Condition 13.3 shall apply to all Renminbi Instruments. Unless otherwise provided herein, 
the provisions of the ISDA FX Definitions shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
(i) 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in Renminbi in 
respect of Renminbi Instruments will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in Hong Kong and 
provided further that no payment will be made by transfer to an account in the United 
States. 
(ii) 
Provisions relating to Fixed Rate Renminbi Instruments only 
This Condition 13.3(ii) shall only apply to Renminbi Instruments where the Final Terms 
specify that the Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions are applicable and that the Interest 
Periods as well as Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment. The relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount for such Instruments shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation Amount by the Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with CNY0.005 
being rounded upwards. The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal and Paying 
Agent, the Issuer and the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 and, if the Instruments 
are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so requires, such 
stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event 
later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of 
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange. 
(iii) 
Payments of USD Equivalent 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, SEK is not able, or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy payments of 
principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Renminbi Instruments when due 
in Renminbi in Hong Kong, SEK may, by giving notice to the Holders as soon as 
practicable following such event, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the USD Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated 
amount. 
Payments of the USD Equivalent of the relevant Renminbi amount, determined in 
accordance with this Condition 13.3, will be made by credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar 
account (or any other account to which U.S. dollar may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee, provided, however, that no payment will be made by transfer to 
an account in the United States. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "USD Equivalent" means the Renminbi 
amount converted into U.S. dollar using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation 
Date.

--- Page 120 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 13.3: 
"CNYFIX Spot Rate" means for a Rate Calculation Date, the CNY/USD official fixing 
rate, expressed as the amount of CNY per one USD, for settlement in two Business Days 
reported by the Treasury Markets Association which appears on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNYFIX at approximately 11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time). In the event that no such 
quotation appears on the relevant Reuters Screen Page or any successor page or service 
thereto at the relevant time on the relevant Rate Calculation Date (or, if different, the day 
on which rates for the Rate Calculation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the relevant price source), the Spot Rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so 
designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency 
exchange rate. 
"CNY Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute 
active in the CNY exchange market in Hong Kong. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as 
a result of which SEK cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its obligation to 
pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Instruments as determined 
by SEK in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation 
with two CNY Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for SEK to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Instruments in the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
SEK to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 2 April 2024 and it is impossible for 
SEK, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
SEK to deliver CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to 
an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of SEK to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 2 April 2024 and it is 
impossible for SEK, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation). 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is three Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date of the relevant amount under these Conditions. 
"Renminbi" or "CNY" means the official currency of the People's Republic of China. 
"Spot Rate", means the CNYFIX Spot Rate or the TRADCNY3 Spot Rate, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TRADCNY3 Spot Rate" means, for a Rate Calculation Date, the spot CNY/USD 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi, for settlement in two 
Business Days, in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on a

--- Page 121 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is 
available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the spot rate at or around 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available 
CNY/USD official fixing rate for settlement on the due date for payment reported by The 
State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters 
Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) 
or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 13.3 by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of gross negligence or 
wilful default) be binding on SEK, the Agents and all Holders. 
13.4 
Record date 
Each payment in respect of a Registered Instrument will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the relevant Registrar's Specified 
Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Instrument is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed 
to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the relevant Register at the opening of 
business on the relevant Record Date. 
13.5 
Payment – Scandinavian Instruments 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of ESw Instruments shall be made to the Holders 
of ESw Instruments on the fifth Business Day (as defined by the then applicable rules and 
procedures of ESw) before the due date for such payment, or such other Business Day falling 
closer to the due date as may be stipulated in the current rules and procedures of ESw. Such day a 
"Record Day" in respect of ESw Instruments. Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of 
the EFi Instruments shall be made to the Holders of EFi Instruments in accordance with the rules 
of EFi. SEK or the Fiscal Agent shall notify EFi of the relevant payment amount at least one (1) 
Banking Day (as defined by the then applicable rules and procedures of EFi) before the due date 
for such payment, or such other Banking Day falling closer to the due date as may be stipulated 
in the current rules and procedures of EFi. 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the VP Instruments shall be made to the 
Holders of VP Instruments as appearing registered in the register kept by VP as such, in 
accordance with the rules of VP. 
14. 
Prescription 
14.1 
Bearer Instruments 
Bearer Instruments will become void unless presented for payment within 10 years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11.3 (Taxation)) for payment thereof. Coupons 
appertaining to Bearer Instruments will become void unless presented for payment within five 
years after the Relevant Date for payment thereof. 
14.2 
Registered Instruments and Scandinavian Instruments 
Claims against SEK in respect of Registered Instruments or ESw Instruments will be prescribed 
unless made within 10 years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, five years) after the 
due date for payment. Claims against SEK in respect of EFi Instruments will be prescribed unless 
made within three years after the due date for payment.

--- Page 122 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
15. 
Calculation Agent 
15.1 
Duties 
In performing its duties pursuant to these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion, unless otherwise specified. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of 
its obligations or its discretions under or pursuant to these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any party, shall not affect 
the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or 
discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or SEK shall bear any liability in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
15.2 
Determinations, notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of these Conditions by the Calculation Agent 
of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of 
any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or 
exercised by the Calculation Agent under or pursuant to the relevant Final Terms shall (in the 
absence of wilful misconduct, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding on SEK, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Holders and any other party associated with the Instruments and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to such Holders will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
16. 
Paying Agents and Registrars 
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in connection with the Instruments and the 
Coupons, the initial Paying Agents and Registrars act solely as agents of SEK and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Holders of 
Instruments or Coupons. 
The initial Paying Agents and the Registrars and their respective initial specified offices are 
specified below. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
SEK reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
(including the Fiscal Agent) or any Registrar or any Issuing Agent and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents or additional or other Calculation Agent or additional or other Registrars 
provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar outside the United 
Kingdom, in relation to the Registered Instruments, or as the case may be, Scandinavian 
Instruments, which in the latter case shall be a duly authorised central securities depository under 
the SFIA Act, the FBES Act and the Danish Securities Act, as the case may be, (iii) a paying 
agent that will be entitled to receive payments under the Instruments free of FATCA 
withholding; (iv) if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, SEK shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; (v) so long as any Instruments are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, a Paying Agent and a Registrar each with a specified office in Luxembourg, (vi) an 
Issuing Agent in relation to Scandinavian Instruments duly authorised as such under the SFIA 
Act, the FBES Act and the Danish Securities Act, as the case may be, and (vii) so long as any 
Instruments are listed on any other stock exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system, a 
Paying Agent and a Registrar each with a Specified Office in such other place as may be required 
by the rules of such stock exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system. The Paying Agents 
and the Registrars reserve the right at any time to change their respective Specified Offices to 
some other Specified Office in the same city. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified 
offices of the Calculation Agent, Issuing Agent, Paying Agents or the Registrars will be notified 
promptly to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
17. 
Replacement of Instruments 
If any Instrument, Instrument Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Instruments and Coupons) or of the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments),

--- Page 123 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any competent authority, stock exchange, 
listing authority and/or quotation system on which the relevant Instruments are listed, upon 
payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as SEK and Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Instruments, Instrument Certificates and 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered therefor. 
18. 
Meetings of Holders 
18.1 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on SEK and the Holders of 
Instruments or Coupons, for convening meetings of the Holders of Instruments of any Series to 
consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification or waiver of the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to any Series of Instruments. Any such meeting of the Holders may be 
convened at a physical location, or such other method (which may include, without limitation, a 
conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine in accordance with the 
provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
18.2 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Holders of at least 75 per cent. in aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Instruments who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of a meeting of Holders under the terms of the Fiscal Agency Agreement will take effect 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Holders. 
18.3 
The Instruments and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Holders of 
Instruments or Coupons to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and the Scandinavian Agreements may agree to modify any provision thereof, but 
SEK shall not agree, without the consent of the Holders of Instruments, to any such modification 
unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in 
the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of 
Instruments. 
18.4 
In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Instruments, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant as may 
be required in order to give effect to: Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding 
SOFR and SWESTR- Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) in connection with effecting any 
Alternative Reference Rate or Successor Rate; Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, 
excluding SOFR and SWESTR - Adjustment Spread) in connection with an Adjustment Spread; 
Condition 6.11 (Benchmark Discontinuation, excluding SOFR and SWESTR - Benchmark 
Amendments) in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments; or Condition 10.12 
(Substitution or Variation) in connection with any substitution or variation, without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of the Holders. 
19. 
Notices 
19.1 
Notices To Holders of Bearer Instruments 
Subject to the paragraph below and save where another means of effective communication has 
been specified herein or in the Final Terms, notices to Holders of Bearer Instruments shall be 
valid if published, 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments which are admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the rules of that exchange so require, on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or, if such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe; or 
(iii) 
in the case of any Instruments which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, such other place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or

--- Page 124 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
quotation system, and if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publications (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication has 
been made in all the required newspapers). Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Instruments. 
Notwithstanding this Condition 19, while the Bearer Instruments are represented by a Permanent 
Global Instrument (or by a Permanent Global Instrument and/or a Temporary Global Instrument) 
and the Permanent Global Instrument is (or the Permanent Global Instrument and/or the 
Temporary Global Instrument are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary or a 
common safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, notices to Holders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders in accordance with this Condition 19 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system provided, however, that, so long as the Instruments are admitted to listing on 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and its rules so require, notices will instead be 
published in the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
19.2 
Notices To Holders of Registered Instruments 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail to them (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, to the first-named in the Register) at their respective addresses as recorded in the 
Register, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date 
of such mailing. In addition, so long as the Registered Instruments are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the rules of that exchange so require, notices to Holders of Registered 
Instruments will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. If such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
19.3 
Notices To Holders of the Scandinavian Instruments 
All notices to Holders of the Scandinavian Instruments will be valid if sent by first class mail or 
(if posted to an overseas address) by airmail to their registered addresses appearing on the 
register of ESw, EFi or VP, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth Business Day after the day on which it is mailed. 
19.4 
Notices To SEK 
Notices to SEK will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to SEK at Fleminggatan 20, SE-
112 26 Stockholm, Sweden (or such other address and/or attention as has been notified in 
accordance with this Condition 19) and clearly marked on its exterior "Urgent: Attention: New 
Issue Desk", and will be deemed to have been validly given at the time of such delivery 
provided, however, that if such day or delivery is not a Business Day in Stockholm, notices will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the next day which is a Business Day in Stockholm. 
20. 
Further Issues 
SEK may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Instrument of any Series 
create and issue further instruments having terms and conditions the same as those of the 
Instruments of such Series or the same except for the amount of the first payment of interest (if 
any), which may be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Instruments of 
such Series.

--- Page 125 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded upwards to the next higher whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
22.1 
Governing law 
The Instruments, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by English law, 
except for: 
(i) 
Condition 4 (Status), the registration and transfer of ESw Instruments, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, which shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law; 
(ii) 
the registration and transfer of EFi Instruments and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Finnish law; and 
(iii) 
the registration and transfer of VP Instruments and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Danish law. 
In addition, the ESw Instruments must comply with the SFIA Act, as amended; the EFi 
Instruments must comply with the FBES Act, as amended; and the VP Instruments must comply 
with the Danish Securities Act. 
22.2 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), arising 
from or connected with the Instruments. 
22.3 
Appropriate forum 
SEK agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
22.4 
Rights of the Holders to take proceedings outside England 
Condition 22.2 (English courts) is for the benefit of the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 22 prevents any Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") 
in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law (save as aforesaid), Holders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
22.5 
Process agent 
SEK agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to 
be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to The Trade 
Commissioner for the time being of Business Sweden - The Swedish Trade and Invest Council, 
currently at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London, W1H 2AG (or its other address in England from 
time to time). If the appointment of the said person ceases to be effective, SEK shall on the 
written demand of the Holder appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on 
its behalf in England and, failing such appointment within 15 days from that demand, such

--- Page 126 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Holder shall be entitled to appoint such a Person by notice to SEK. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
23. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Instruments under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
24. 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
24.1 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Instruments or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between SEK and any Holder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 24, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Instruments), by 
its acquisition of the Instruments, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising 
under the Instruments may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any 
of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Instruments on a permanent basis; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Instruments into shares, other securities or other obligations of SEK or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Holders; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Instruments or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Instruments; and 
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Instruments or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Instruments, or the date on 
which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Instruments, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification or suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in Sweden, relating to the transposition 
of the BRRD, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation and the instruments, 
rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment 
firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period); and 
(ii) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or 
affiliate of a bank or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised. 
"Bail-in Legislation" means the Swedish Resolution Act 2015 (Sw. lag (2015:1016) om 
resolution) and the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's (Sw. Finansinspektionen)

--- Page 127 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
regulations FFFS 2016:6 (Sw. Finansinspektionens föreskrifter (2016:6) om 
återhämtningsplaner, koncernåterhämtningsplaner och avtal om finansiellt stöd inom 
koncerner) applicable to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or 
other financial institutions or their Swedish affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, 
reorganisation or bankruptcy proceedings) as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Instruments, 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the 
Instruments. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and 
payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Swedish National Debt Office or any 
successor or replacement thereto and/or such other authority in Sweden with the ability 
to exercise the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers. 
24.2 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts on the Instruments, will become due and 
payable or be paid after the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, 
amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
24.3 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amount, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of SEK or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
SEK, nor the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Instruments will be an Event of Default or a default for any other 
purpose or give rise to any acceleration rights in respect of the Instruments. 
24.4 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Instruments, SEK will provide a written notice to the Instruments in 
the manner set out in Condition 19 (Notices). SEK will also deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by SEK in delivering any notice 
referred to in this Condition 24.4 shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 128 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Series of Instruments under the Programme will be used by SEK in 
its ordinary course of business. If, in respect of any particular Tranche of Instruments, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds 
The Issuer may also issue Instruments under the Programme where an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issuance of such Instruments is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be used for the financing 
and/or refinancing of eligible green projects (any Instruments which have such a specified use of proceeds 
are referred to as "Green Bonds"), eligible social projects (any Instruments which have such a specified 
use of proceeds are referred to as "Social Bonds") or eligible green and social projects (any Instruments 
which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Sustainability Bonds") in accordance 
with the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability Bond Framework or in accordance with 
certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The 
categories of projects that may be financed with Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and 
the detailed eligibility criteria and related documentation requirements are set out in the Green Bond 
Framework and the Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Eligible green, social and sustainability projects are subject to certain eligibility criteria as described in 
the Green Bond Framework and Sustainability Bond Framework and such projects will be evaluated, 
selected and approved based on the most updated version of such criteria at the time of approval, and 
remain eligible and in the portfolio notwithstanding the future updates to the criteria. The Issuer will 
check the eligibility of eligible green, social or sustainability projects on an annual basis. If, for any 
reason, a green, social or sustainability project ceases to meet such eligibility criteria, it will be excluded 
from the eligible portfolio. 
Under the Green Bond Framework, Eligible Projects refers to a selected pool of projects funded, in whole 
or in part, by SEK that promote the transition to low-carbon and climate resilient growth as determined by 
SEK in its sole and absolute discretion. Eligible Projects may include: projects that target a reduction in 
emissions of Greenhouse Gases (GHG) into the atmosphere or absorption of them from the atmosphere 
(Mitigation Projects); or projects that target the preservation or advancement of adaptive capacity and 
resilience in order to reduce the vulnerability of human and natural systems due to the impacts of climate 
changes (Adaptation Projects). 
Under the Sustainability Bond Framework, the eligible green projects are projects and economic activities 
considered as environmentally sustainable according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation applicable at the 
time of approval by SEK in accordance with the evaluation and selection process as laid out in the 
framework and detailed in the latest version of SEK's methodology for classifying green loans document. 
Green project categories include: renewable energy; green buildings; energy efficiency; clean 
transportation; waste management; water and wastewater management; sustainable land use / 
environmental management; and climate change adaptation.  The SEK social project portfolio aims to 
address social challenges such as healthcare, education, access to basic infrastructure and food security 
primarily for target population(s). The definition of target population can vary depending on the local 
context. Examples of targeted populations include people living below poverty line, excluded or 
marginalised populations (or communities), vulnerable groups, people with disabilities, people with 
health problems, migrants and/or displaced persons, undereducated persons, underserved persons, people 
with a lack of quality access to essential goods and services, and/or unemployed persons. Where there is a 
clear need of the project, the general public could be included as an important beneficiary of the project 
together with a targeted population. The Social project categories include: affordable basic infrastructure; 
access to essential services; and food security.   
The Issuer has appointed CICERO Shades of Green as an external reviewer to provide the 2014 SPO and 
the 2021 SPO respectively. The 2014 SPO evaluates the ability of the Green Bond Framework to secure 
projects that support a low carbon and climate friendly future while the 2021 SPO confirms the alignment 
of the Sustainability Bond Framework with (in respect of Green Bonds) the International Capital Markets 
Association ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles (2021 edition), (in respect of Social Bonds) the Social 
Bond Principles 2020 and the UN Sustainability Development Goals and (in respect of Sustainability 
Bonds) the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018 and the applicable principles for Green Bonds 
and Social Bonds above.

--- Page 129 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
As used herein: 
"2014 SPO" refers to CICERO Shades of Green's second opinion dated 9 September 2014 in respect of 
the Green Bond Framework; 
"2021 SPO" refers to CICERO Shades of Green's second opinion dated 7 December 2021 in respect of 
the in respect of the Sustainability Bond Framework; 
"Green Bond Framework" refers to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework of 2015; 
"Sustainability Bond Framework" refers to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework dated 
November 
2021, 
in 
each 
case, 
available 
at 
the 
following 
webpage 
https://www.sek.se/en/sustainability/green-bonds/ (or any successor website) and as the same may be 
updated, amended and/or replaced from time to time. 
The Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability Bond Framework, and other documentation relating to the 
Issuer's Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds are subject to review and change and may 
be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from the description given in this Base Prospectus.  Potential investors in 
Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds should access the latest 
version of each relevant document on the Issuer's website.  Any such amendment, update, supplementing, 
replacing and/or withdrawal after the issue date of any Instruments which are Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainability Bonds may be applied in respect of such Instruments already in issue. 
None of the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability Bond Framework or any other document referred 
to in any of the foregoing, or the contents of any website referred to herein or therein are, or are deemed 
to be, incorporated in, or form part of, this Base Prospectus and/or any Final Terms relating to 
Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds. 
Prospective investors in Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds should refer also to "Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Instruments – Other Risks – Instruments issued as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets. Any failure to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in connection with eligible green, social or sustainability projects, and/or 
any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally or 
socially focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may 
affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in such assets."

--- Page 130 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Instruments, for which a prospectus is required in respect 
of such issue in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, will be substantially in the following 
form, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Instruments and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
[[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Instruments is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Include reference to any negative target 
market, if required]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] OR [EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / 
RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely 
for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Instruments to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Include reference to any negative target market, if required]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU 
MiFID II, as applicable] OR [Insert appropriate EU MiFID II legend, if required]]. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels] OR [UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following

--- Page 131 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable OR [Insert appropriate UK MiFIR legend, if required]]. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Instruments are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")/EU MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for 
the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), SEK has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the 
Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]3 
 
 
 
1 
Include where Part B item 10(x) of the Final Terms specifies that the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is 
"Applicable". 
2 
Include where Part B item 10(xi) of the Final Terms specifies that the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is 
"Applicable". 
3 
Prescribed capital markets products notification to be made by way of Bloomberg announcement. The Singapore legend is 
only expected to be included where sales are made to investors other than "institutional investors" or "accredited investors" 
each as defined in Section 4(A) of the SFA.

--- Page 132 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Series No.: [•] 
Tranche No.: [•] 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
(Swedish Export Credit Corporation) 
(Incorporated in the Kingdom of Sweden with limited liability) 
("SEK" or the "Issuer") 
(LEI: 1FOLRR5RWTWWI397R131) 
 
Unlimited Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Debt Instruments 
Issue of a Series of 
 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Instruments] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Instruments described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the Supplement to the base prospectus dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Instruments described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on SEK and the offer of Instruments described herein is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the issue of the 
Instruments is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). These Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference therein) [are available for viewing at 
the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and copies] [Include for Luxembourg Listed Instruments only.] 
may be obtained from SEK at Fleminggatan 20, P.O. Box 194, SE-101 23 Stockholm and the Paying 
Agents, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch at 21 Moorfields, London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom, 
[and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, One Columbus Circle, New York, NY 10019, United 
States of America.]] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[2023]/[2022]/[2021] / 
[2020]/[2019]/[2016]/[2015]] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments described 
herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the Supplement to the base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, (together, the "Base 
Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [original 
date], and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on SEK and the offer of Instruments described herein is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the issue of the 
Instruments is annexed to these Final Terms]. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). These Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference therein) [are available for viewing at 
the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and copies] [Include for Luxembourg Listed Instruments only.] 
may be obtained from SEK at Fleminggatan 20, P.O. Box 194, SE-101 23 Stockholm and the Paying 
Agents, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch at 21 Moorfields, London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom

--- Page 133 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
[and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, One Columbus Circle, New York, NY 10019, United 
States of America]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs, which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Unless stated otherwise, include all the items listed in Part A – Contractual Terms of these Final Terms 
in connection with all Instruments. References in the drafting notes to retail issues are to issues of 
Instruments with a denomination of less than €100,000 to be admitted to trading on an EU Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA and references to wholesale issues are to issues of 
Instruments with a denomination of at least €100,000 to be admitted to trading on an EU Regulated 
Market.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] on 
[[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Instrument for interests in the 
Permanent Global Instrument, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below [which is expected to occur on 
or about [insert date]].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount [of 
Instruments admitted to trading]: 
(only include words in square brackets for 
wholesale issues) 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
(Instruments issued under the Programme which 
are to be admitted to listing on the Official List 
and/or to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within a Relevant State or which are to 
be offered to the public in one or more Relevant 
States may not have a minimum denomination of 
less than €1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another 
currency)) 
 
 
[[•] / [•] and integral multiples of [•] in excess 
thereof up to and including [•]. No Instruments in 
definitive form will be issued with a Specified 
Denomination above [•].] 
 
 
(Note - where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following wording should be used: "€100,000 and 
integral amounts of €1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000. No Instruments in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination

--- Page 134 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
above €199,000") 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used 
for the calculation of interest amounts and 
redemption amounts will be (i) if there is only one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
the 
Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Instruments or (ii) if 
there are several Specified Denominations (e.g. 
Specified 
Denominations 
of 
€100,000 
and 
multiples of €1,000) the highest common factor of 
those Specified Denominations (note: there must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations).) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
[include 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [or (for Floating Rate Instruments)] 
Interest Payment Date falling [in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]] 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by SEK in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Instruments is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by SEK in the 
United Kingdom, (i) the Instruments must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] [•] [EURIBOR/ Compounded Daily SOFR / 
SOFR Compounded Index / Weighted Average 
SOFR / Compounded Daily SONIA/ SONIA 
Compounded Index/ Compounded Daily €STR / 
€STR Compounded Index/ Compounded Daily 
SWESTR / SWESTR Compounded Index / 
STIBOR] +/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Index-Linked Interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Instruments will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [100/[•]] per cent. of their 
principal amount] 
 
 
[Index-Linked Redemption]

--- Page 135 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
(If the Final Redemption Amount is more or less 
than 100% of the principal value, the Instruments 
will be derivative securities for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and the requirements of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation will apply.) 
10. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date 
when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify 
these.] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Holder Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
12. 
Status of the Instruments: 
[Senior - Condition 4.1 will apply] 
[Subordinated - Condition 4.2 will apply]  
 
(i) 
[Redemption upon occurrence of 
Capital Event and amounts 
payable on redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 10.11 will apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[If SEK elects to redeem the Instruments following 
the occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 10.11, the Instruments shall be redeemed 
in the amount of [•] per Calculation Amount] 
Partial Capital Exclusion: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Subordinated Instruments)] 
 
(ii) 
[Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 10.12 (Redemption and 
Purchase 
- Substitution or Variation) will 
apply/Not Applicable]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/[insert 
the 
following 
alternative wording for Renminbi Instruments] 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and 
the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.]

--- Page 136 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [[•], [•] and [•]] in each year from and including 
[•] to and including [•]/the Maturity Date. 
 
(iv) 
Adjustment of Interest Period(s) 
and Interest Payment Date(s) for 
payment purposes: 
[No Adjustment/Interest Payment Dates will not be 
adjusted for calculation of interest; however, for 
payment 
purposes 
only, 
the 
[Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention 
will apply]/[Insert the following option for 
Renminbi Instruments if Interest Payment Date is 
to be modified: Interest Payment Date will be 
adjusted for calculation of interest and for payment 
purposes in accordance with the [Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date [in/on] [•] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the amount payable [upon a 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event] 
[wording in square brackets only 
to be included if the Instruments 
are 
not 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi]: 
[name] of [insert address] shall be the Calculation 
Agent (must specify the name even if the Fiscal 
Agent is to perform this function) 
14. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on [•] in each 
year from and including [•], to and including [•]/the 
Maturity Date.] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not

--- Page 137 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
Applicable") 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment] (note that this item 
relates to Interest Period and interest accrual and 
not to the Payment Date to which item 22(i) 
applies) 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / Index Determination 
/ ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Interest Rate(s) and Interest 
Amount(s) 
(including 
amount 
payable 
upon 
a 
Currency 
Disruption Event): 
[Name] of [Insert address] shall be the Calculation 
Agent 
(Must specify the name even if the Fiscal Agent is 
to perform this function) 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[[•] [•] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / Compounded Daily 
SOFR (Lookback) / Compounded Daily SOFR 
(Observation Period Shift) / Weighted Average 
SOFR / SOFR Compounded Index / Compounded 
Daily SONIA (Lookback) / Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Observation Period Shift) / SONIA 
Compounded Index / Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lookback) 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
(Observation Period Shift) / €STR Compounded 
Index / Compounded Daily SWESTR (Lookback) / 
Compounded Daily SWESTR (Observation Period 
Shift) / SWESTR Compounded Index] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, EURIBOR01 / STIBOR / SOFR / 
SOFR Compounded Index / SONIA / €STR / 
SWESTR). 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
(for SONIA, €STR, SOFR and SWESTR, to align 
with "p")  
 
- Relevant Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- "p": 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not to be less than 5 days without the agreement 
of the Calculation Agent) 
 
- D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Index Determination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 138 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
- €STR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- SWESTR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Relevant Number of Index Days: 
[•] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
Relevant Number shall be five) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[[•] / CHF-SARON / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR- 
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / 
GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / 
JPY-TONA 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
- Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- [Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days

--- Page 139 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] – the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / [•]] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the amount payable: 
[[Name] of [insert address] shall be the Calculation 
Agent (must specify the name even if the Fiscal 
Agent is to perform this function)] 
16. 
Index-Linked Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[•]

--- Page 140 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Initial Level: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Level: 
[•] per cent. of the Initial Level 
 
(iv) 
Higher 
Index-Linked 
Interest 
Rate: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(v) 
Lower Index-Linked Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating 
the 
interest 
due 
(including amount payable upon a 
Currency Disruption Event): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Payment 
Date relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
 
(viii) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(ix) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on [•] in each 
year, from and including [•] to and including [•]/the 
Maturity Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(x) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)/No Adjustment] 
(note that this item relates to Interest Period and 
interest accrual and not to the Payment Date to 
which item 21(i) applies) 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate/Amount: 
[•] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate/Amount: 
[•] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the

--- Page 141 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
(Call): 
[include specified Business Day Convention]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 30 nor more than 60 days / [•]] 
18. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[include specified Business Day Convention]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 45 nor more than 60 days / [•]] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par/[•]]/[Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
(if "Par" or "[•]" is selected, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index-Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
(including 
amount 
payable upon a Currency 
Disruption Event): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
[The Fiscal Agent will not perform this role, unless 
otherwise agreed] 
 
(b) 
Index: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Cap: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Floor: 
[100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount]  
 
 
(Select this option if the Index-Linked Instrument is 
fully principal protected) 
 
 
[[•] per cent. of the Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Specify the floor in any other cases, which shall 
never be below zero)]

--- Page 142 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
(e) 
Initial Level[i]: 
[•] 
/ 
[In 
the 
case 
of 
a 
basket 
of 
shares/commodities/indices 
please 
insert 
information in the form of the table below] 
i 
Indexi 
Initial 
Leveli 
wi 
1 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per 
cent. 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per 
cent. 
 
(f) 
Participation: 
[•] 
 
(g) 
FRA Index Redemption 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Maturity 
Date / [specify dates] 
 
(h) 
Index Table: 
[Not Applicable] / [set out relevant table, in case of 
more than one underlying index] 
20. 
(i) 
Early Termination Amount: 
[Par] 
 
 
(if the Early Termination Amount is the principal 
amount of the Instruments) / 
 
 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(Payable on event of default or early redemption, 
other than for taxation or illegality reasons. If the 
Early Termination Amount is different from the 
principal amount of the Instruments and consider 
whether interest is covered by the amount specified 
and if so, insert) 
 
(ii) 
Tax Early Redemption Amount: 
[Market Value Redemption Amount. For the 
purposes hereof, the references to "together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding, or in the 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and 
including) the date fixed for redemption" shall be 
deemed to be deleted from Condition 10.2] 
[Par] 
(This should only be applicable for Fixed Rate 
Instruments or Floating Rate Instruments and if so 
specified in the term sheet.)] 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(This should only be applicable for Subordinated 
Instruments and if so specified in the term sheet.)] 
 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 15 nor more than 60 days / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption for Illegality: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Amount per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption 
[Market Value Redemption Amount. For the 
purposes hereof, the references to "together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding, or in the

--- Page 143 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
for illegality reasons: 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and 
including) the date fixed for redemption" shall be 
deemed to be deleted from Condition 10.9] 
[Par. (This should only be applicable for Fixed 
Rate Instruments and Floating Rate Instruments 
and if so specified in the term sheet.)] 
 
(b) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 3 nor more than 30 days / [•]] 
(iv) 
Early Redemption (Index 
Adjustment Event): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 3 nor more than 30 days / [•]] 
21. 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Trigger Determination Date: 
[•] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days] prior 
to [•] 
 
(ii) 
Trigger Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Trigger Event: 
Index Level is [equal to or greater than/equal to or 
lower than/equal to] the Trigger 
 
(iv) 
Trigger: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Date: 
[•] [insert dates] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [include specified Business 
Day Convention]] 
 
(vi) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Applicable Index Level: 
[•][Specify any applicable Index Level] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
22. 
Business Centre: 
 
 
(i) 
Payments: 
[•] 
[Condition [13.1(vii) (Payment on Business Days) 
or 13.2(iv) (Payments on Business Days)] shall be 
amended to provide for a Payment Date to be 
adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention.] 
 
 
(note that this item relates to the Payment Date in 
connection with paragraph (A) of the Business Day 
definition) 
 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centre: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(this item relates to the definition of Business Day 
used in connection with SOFR under Condition

--- Page 144 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
6.12) 
 
(iii) 
[•] Determination: 
[Scheduled Trading Days]/[Business Centre is 
[specify]] 
 
 
(note that this item relates to the determination in 
connection with paragraph (B) of the Business Day 
definition) 
 
(iv) 
Notices: 
[•] 
 
 
(note that this item relates to the determination in 
connection with paragraph (B) of the Business Day 
definition) 
23. 
Form of Instruments: 
Bearer Instruments: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument 
which 
is 
exchangeable for [a] Definitive Instrument/s on [•] 
days' 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument.] (In relation to any Instruments with a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount, note 
that "in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument" should be selected.) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instruments on [•] days' notice.] (If 
issuing in this form, note that Instruments with a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount will 
not be permitted.) 
 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instrument on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument]. (In relation to any 
Instruments 
with 
a 
minimum 
Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount, note that "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument" should be selected.) 
 
 
Registered Instruments: 
 
 
[Unrestricted 
Global 
Instrument 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Unrestricted 
Individual 
Instrument Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate] (Note 
that this item applies in the case of Registered 
Instruments being sold outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.) 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Restricted 
Global 
Instrument 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Restricted Individual Instrument 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances described in the Restricted

--- Page 145 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Global Instrument Certificate] (Note that this item 
applies in the case of Registered Instruments sold 
to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A.) 
 
 
Scandinavian Instruments: [•] [The Scandinavian 
Instruments are issued in the relevant form and the 
Terms in accordance with the Scandinavian 
Agreements] 
 
 
Registrar: [Esw]/[Efi]/[VP] 
 
 
Issuing Agent and Swedish Paying Agent: [specify] 
24. 
New Global Instruments/Classic Global 
Instruments/New Safekeeping Structure: 
[NGI]/[CGI]/[NSS]/[Not Applicable] (in the case 
of Scandinavian Instruments) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Instruments (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[No.] / [Yes. As the Instruments have more than 27 
Coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
Coupon payments are left.] 
26. 
Spot Rate: 
[Not Applicable] / [Specify one of the following in 
the case of Renminbi Instruments only [CNYFIX 
Spot Rate / TRADCNY3 Spot Rate]] 
27. 
Other: 
[Not Applicable] / [SEK shall have the right to 
obtain extracts from the debt register from 
[Esw]/[Efi]/[VP] – only applicable in case of 
Scandinavian Instruments and if available in 
accordance with the applicable laws] 
28. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR / SOFR / SONIA/ STIBOR / €STR / 
SWESTR] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, as amended]/ [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, as amended] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of AKTIEBOLAGET SVENSK EXPORTKREDIT (publ): 
By:  ........................................................................  
By:  ......................................................................... 
Duly authorised signatory 
Duly authorised signatory

--- Page 146 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by SEK (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be listed on the 
[official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/ 
[other] with effect on or around [•]] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by SEK (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to 
trading on the [[regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[other]] for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation] with 
effect on or around [•]] / [Not Applicable.] (For 
retail issues only (Where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original securities are 
already admitted to trading.)) 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[for wholesale issues only] [•]] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Instruments to be issued are not rated.] 
[The Instruments to be issued have been/are expected to be rated/SEK's long-term debt has been 
rated: 
[[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, filial Sweden]: [AA+]/[•]] 
[[Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB]: [Aa1]/[•]] 
[[Other] *: [•]]] 
[According to Moody's rating system, the Aa1 rating indicates that the obligations are judged to 
be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. In accordance with Moody's ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
[of 
the 
Base 
Prospectus]/[hereof] 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aa1' are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. According to S&P rating 
system, the AA rating indicates that the issuer has very strong capacity to meet its financial 
commitments and references to (+) or (-) show the relative standing within the rating categories. 
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date [of the Base 
Prospectus]/[hereof] 
on 
https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/research/articles/190705-s-p-
global-ratings-definitions-504352, obligations rated 'AA+' are judged to differ from the highest-
rated obligations only to a small degree and indicates that the relevant issuer's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation is very strong.]]/[Insert a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings] 
* The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified – for 
example, "Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited", rather than just "S&P" or 
"Standard and Poor's". 
Option 1 – CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of

--- Page 147 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 148 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
Option 4 – CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the 
CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Instruments to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")][and][Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Apart from any fees payable to [insert names of managers] listed in paragraph 10(i)(a) below 
pursuant to their appointment as Managers of the Instruments, so far as SEK is aware, no person 
involved in the [issue/offer] of the Instruments has an interest material to the [issue/offer]. The

--- Page 149 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, SEK in the 
ordinary course of business.]/[•]/Not applicable]. 
4. 
[ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(In respect of Instruments with a minimum 
denomination below EUR 100,000: If proceeds are 
intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount 
and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] [Include breakdown of expenses.] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(This item 4(ii) is not required, though may still be 
included, if the minimum denomination is at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in another 
currency. This item relates to the expenses of the 
issue/offer, which could include legal expenses, 
auditors' expenses, listing expenses etc.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of these Instruments under the Programme will be used by SEK in 
its ordinary course of business] / [•] / [Not Applicable] / [[Green Bonds /Social Bonds/ 
Sustainability Bonds] in accordance with the Issuer's [Green Bond Framework] / [Sustainability 
Bond Framework] (as may be amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time). 
(Applicable if the minimum denomination is less than EUR 100,000) 
6. 
Fixed Rate Instruments only – YIELD 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[•]] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
Floating Rate Instruments only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (include item 6 for retail 
issues only) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/€STR/STIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/SWESTR] rates can be obtained 
from [insert name of screen]/[•].] 
[Not Applicable]. 
8. 
[Index-Linked 
only 
– 
DESCRIPTION 
AND 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER 
VARIABLE, 
[required 
for 
retail 
issues 
only, 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED 
RISKS] AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (To be 
included for derivative securities to which the EU Prospectus Regulation applies): 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/other variable can be obtained (text in square brackets not required for wholesale 
issues). Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and if the index is 
not composed by SEK need to include details of where the information about the index can be 
obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to include equivalent information, including 
that required by the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 150 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
[i 
Indexi 
Initial Leveli 
wi 
1 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent. 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent.] 
 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] / [Until the Instruments are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single Series 
with the Original Instruments, the Instruments will 
have the temporary ISIN [•]. After that, the 
Instruments will have the same ISIN as the 
Original Instruments, which is [•].] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•]/ [Until the Instruments are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single Series 
with the Original Instruments, the Instruments will 
have the temporary Common Code [•]. After that, 
the Instruments will have the same Common Code 
as the Original Instruments, which is [•].] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
(iv) 
[FISN: 
[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available]] 
(v) 
[CFI: 
[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
(vi) 
New Global Instrument, or New 
Safekeeping Structure, intended to 
be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" means that 
the Instruments are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
Instruments] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Instruments will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. 
Such 
recognition 
will 
depend 
upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Instruments are capable of

--- Page 151 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
meeting them, the Instruments may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
Instruments]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
The Depository Trust Company 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Esw]/[Efi]/[VP] 
[Esw/Efi/VP 
Identification 
number:] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
[In 
the 
left 
hand 
column 
under 
'Distribution' the words in the square 
brackets should be included in retail issue 
only] 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(a) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and for retail issues 
only, addresses and underwriting commitments 
and (include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers)] 
 
(1) 
 [Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement:] 
[•] 
(b) 
If non-syndicated, name 
[and 
the 
address] 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(ii) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession:] 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
payable by SEK 
(iii) 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iv) 
TEFRA: 
[Not Applicable (if shorter than 365 days' term or 
if the Instruments are Scandinavian Instruments or 
Registered Instruments or considered in registered 
form for U.S. federal income tax purposes)/The

--- Page 152 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
[C/D] Rules are applicable.] 
(v) 
ERISA: 
Eligible:[Yes]/[No] 
(Select "yes" only where Benefit Plan Investors 
may purchase the Instruments and the Instruments 
are under an ERISA-Permitted.) 
(vi) 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading: 
[Not Applicable/give details] [include only for 
retail issues and for derivative securities to which 
the EU Prospectus Regulation regulations apply] 
(vii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
(Insert the following for an exempt offer of 
Instruments and delete the rest of the paragraph) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the following as applicable for a non-
exempt offer of Instruments)  
 
(a) 
No consent:  
[SEK does not consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the 
Instruments by any person.] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
General consent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[SEK consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer of the Instruments 
during the period from [specify date] until [specify 
date] (the "Offer Period") in Luxembourg by any 
financial intermediary which is authorised to make 
such offers under the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) and 
which accepts such offer by publishing on its 
website the relevant acceptance statement and 
which satisfies the following conditions: [the 
Authorised Offeror Terms] [and/or set out clear 
and objective conditions].] 
 
(c) 
Specific consent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[SEK consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer of the Instruments 
during the period from [specify date] until [specify 
date] (the "Offer Period") by [insert names and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries] 
in 
Luxembourg [and subject to the following 
conditions: [set out clear and objective conditions], 
for so long as they are authorised to make such 
offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU).]] 
(ix) 
Secondary (uridashi) offerings of 
the Instruments is to be made in 
Japan: 
[Yes. Uridashi Instruments./No] 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute

--- Page 153 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
"packaged" products, or the Instruments do 
constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Instruments may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulations, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Instruments may constitute "packaged" 
products 
and 
no 
KID 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(Consider the circumstances in which the items specified below need to be completed or marked 
"Not Applicable" by reference to the requirements of the relevant home and/or host Relevant 
States) 
 
[Insert the following for a non-exempt offer of Instruments] [Investors are particularly advised to 
seek appropriate counsel from their professional advisers as to their tax position and in 
particular, in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Instruments. In addition, 
investors should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of Luxembourg in 
relation to payments (or delivery of securities) in respect of the Instruments and should seek 
professional tax advice accordingly.] 
Offer Period: 
[•] to [•] 
Offer Price: 
[•] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Instruments: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner and date in which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 154 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
made: 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to SEK, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
 
12. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[•] has been extracted from [•] [and has been provided to SEK by the Dealer]. SEK confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
[SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE] 
[Insert completed summary by completing the relevant italicised items in the summary of the base 
prospectus as appropriate to the terms of the specific issue.] 
For the avoidance of doubt, no summary will be required to be completed or prepared in connection with 
an issue under the Programme where the Instruments have a minimum denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 155 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
(The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Instruments, for which a prospectus is not 
required in respect of such issue in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, will be substantially 
in the following form, supplemented, amended and/or replaced to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Instruments and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the 
form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing Pricing Supplement.) 
[[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market 
for the Instruments is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Include reference to any negative target 
market, if required]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] OR [EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / 
RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely 
for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Instruments is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Instruments to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Include reference to any negative target market, if required]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU 
MiFID II, as applicable] OR [Insert appropriate EU MiFID II legend, if required]]. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target 
market for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels] OR [UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Instruments is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"), eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following

--- Page 156 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services – subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable OR [Insert appropriate UK MiFIR legend, if required]]. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")/EU MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for 
the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), SEK has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the 
Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]6 
 
 
 
4 
Include where Part B item 10(vii) of the Final Terms specifies that the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is 
"Applicable". 
5 
Include where Part B item 10(ix) of the Final Terms specifies that the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is 
"Applicable". 
6 
Prescribed capital markets products notification to be made by way of Bloomberg announcement. The Singapore legend is 
only expected to be included where sales are made to investors other than "institutional investors" or "accredited investors" 
each as defined in Section 4(A) of the SFA.

--- Page 157 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
Series No.:  [•] 
Tranche No.:  [•] 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
(Swedish Export Credit Corporation) 
(Incorporated in the Kingdom of Sweden with limited liability) 
("SEK" or the "Issuer") 
(LEI: 1FOLRR5RWTWWI397R131) 
 
Unlimited Programme for the Continuous Issuance of Debt Instruments 
Issue of a Series of 
 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Instruments] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Instruments described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the base prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the Supplement to the base prospectus dated [•]] (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This Pricing Supplement of the Instruments must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[2023]/[2022]/[2021]/ 
[2020]/[2019]/[2016]/[2015]] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined below). This Pricing Supplement of the Instruments must be read in conjunction 
with the base prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the Supplement to the base prospectus dated [•]] (the 
"Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[original date] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]] 
In accordance with [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129]/[EU Prospectus Regulation], no prospectus is required 
in connection with the issuance of the Instruments described herein. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case) the subparagraphs of the paragraphs, which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[Unless stated otherwise, include all the items listed in Part A – Contractual Terms of this Pricing 
Supplement in connection with all Instruments.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] on 
[[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Instrument for interests in the 
Permanent Global Instrument, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below [which is expected to occur on 
or about [insert date]].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount 
[of

--- Page 158 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Instruments admitted to trading]: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[[•] / [•] and integral multiples of [•] in excess 
thereof up to and including [•]. No Instruments in 
definitive form will be issued with a Specified 
Denomination above [•].] 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following wording should be used:  "€100,000 and 
integral amounts of €1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000. No Instruments in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000") 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used 
for the calculation of interest amounts and 
redemption amounts will be (i) if there is only one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
the 
Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Instruments or (ii) if 
there are several Specified Denominations (e.g. 
Specified 
Denominations 
of 
€100,000 
and 
multiples of €1,000) the highest common factor of 
those Specified Denominations (note:  there must 
be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations).) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
[include 
specified 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [or (for Floating Rate Instruments)] 
Interest Payment Date falling [in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]] 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by SEK in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Instruments is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by SEK in the 
United Kingdom, (i) the Instruments must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 159 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
 
[[•] [•] [EURIBOR / Compounded Daily SOFR / 
SOFR Compounded Index/ Weighted Average 
SOFR / Compounded Daily SONIA/ SONIA 
Compounded Index/ Compounded Daily €STR / 
€STR Compounded Index / Compounded Daily 
SWESTR / SWESTR Compounded Index / 
STIBOR] +/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Index-Linked Interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Instruments will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [100/[•]] per cent. of their 
principal amount] 
 
 
[Index-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[FX Event Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[FX Rate-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify details of any 
provision for convertibility of Instruments into 
another interest or redemption/payment basis] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Holder Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
12. 
Status of the Instruments: 
[Senior – Condition 4.1 will apply] 
[Subordinated – Condition 4.2 will apply]  
 
(i) 
[Redemption upon occurrence of 
Capital 
Event 
and 
amounts 
payable on redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 10.11 will apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[If SEK elects to redeem the Instruments following 
the occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 10.11, the Instruments shall be redeemed 
in the amount of [•] per Calculation Amount] 
Partial Capital Exclusion:  [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Subordinated Instruments)] 
 
(iv) 
[Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 10.12 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Substitution or Variation) will

--- Page 160 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
apply/Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/[insert 
the 
following 
alternative wording for Renminbi Instruments] 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.]  
 
(ii) 
Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [[•], [•] and [•]] in each year from and including 
[•] to and including [•]/the Maturity Date. 
 
(iv) 
Adjustment of Interest Period(s) 
and Interest Payment Date(s) for 
payment purposes: 
[No Adjustment/Interest Payment Dates will not be 
adjusted for calculation of interest; however, for 
payment 
purposes 
only, 
the 
[Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention 
will apply]/[Insert the following option for 
Renminbi Instruments if Interest Payment Date is 
to be modified:  Interest Payment Date will be 
adjusted for calculation of interest and for payment 
purposes in accordance with the [Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / [•]]  
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date [in/on] [•] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the amount payable [upon a 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event] 
[wording in square brackets only 
to be included if the Instruments 
are 
not 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi]: 
[name] of [insert address] shall be the Calculation 
Agent (must specify the name even if the Fiscal 
Agent is to perform this function) 
 
(viii) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of the calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Instruments: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 161 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on [•] in each 
year from and including [•], to and including [•]/the 
Maturity Date.] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ other (give details)/No Adjustment] 
(note that this item relates to Interest Period and 
interest accrual and not to the Payment Date to 
which item 23(i) applies) 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / Index Determination 
/ ISDA Determination / other [give details]] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Interest Rate(s) and Interest 
Amount(s) 
(including 
amount 
payable 
upon 
a 
Currency 
Disruption Event): 
[Name] of [Insert address] shall be the Calculation 
Agent (Must specify the name even if the Fiscal 
Agent is to perform this function) 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[[•] [•] [EURIBOR/ STIBOR / Compounded Daily 
SOFR (Lookback) / Compounded Daily SOFR 
(Observation Period Shift) / Weighted Average 
SOFR / SOFR Compounded Index / Compounded 
Daily SONIA (Lookback) / Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Observation Period Shift) / SONIA 
Compounded Index / Compounded Daily €STR 
(Lookback) 
/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
(Observation Period Shift) / €STR Compounded 
Index / Compounded Daily SWESTR (Lookback) / 
Compounded Daily SWESTR (Observation Period

--- Page 162 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Shift) / SWESTR Compounded Index] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, EURIBOR01 / STIBOR / SOFR / 
SOFR Compounded Index / SONIA / €STR/ 
SWESTR). 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
(for SONIA, €STR, SOFR and SWESTR, to align 
with "p")  
 
- Relevant Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- "p": 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not to be less than 5 days without the agreement 
of the Calculation Agent) 
 
- D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Index Determination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- €STR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- SWESTR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[•] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, Relevant Number shall be five) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[[•] / CHF-SARON / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
- Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period

--- Page 163 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- [Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:  [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] – the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 /

--- Page 164 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / [•]] 
 
(xv) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Instruments, if different from 
those set out in the Conditions: 
[•] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / [•]] 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the amount payable: 
[[Name] of [insert address] shall be the Calculation 
Agent (must specify the name even if the Fiscal 
Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(v) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
for 
determining amount payable: 
[•] 
16. 
Index-Linked Instrument Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Initial Level: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Level: 
[•] per cent. of the Initial Level 
 
(iv) 
Higher 
Index-Linked 
Interest 
Rate: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(v) 
Lower Index-Linked Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating 
the 
interest 
due 
(including amount payable upon a 
Currency Disruption Event): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Payment 
Date relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
 
(viii) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable")

--- Page 165 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on [•] in each 
year, from and including [•] to and including [•]/the 
Maturity Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(x) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)/No Adjustment] 
(note that this item relates to Interest Period and 
interest accrual and not to the Payment Date to 
which item 23(i) applies) 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate/Amount: 
[•] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate/Amount: 
[•] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / [•]] 
17. 
FX Rate-Linked Instrument Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate Period: 
[•] to [•] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Interest Amount: 
[•][•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Indexed Interest Period: 
[•] to [•] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] Business Days prior to each Payment Date 
relating to the Indexed Interest Period (Any related 
ISDA swap may provide for a rate to be determined 
on a day which is a given number of days prior to 
each relevant Payment Date under such swap. In 
such cases, the Interest Determination Dates 
should here be specified as falling the same 
number of days prior to the Payment Dates and not 
the Interest Payment Dates, if a match is required.) 
 
(vii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
[Insert name and address, The Fiscal Agent will 
not perform this role, unless otherwise agreed.] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify the day count fraction which, unless 
otherwise specified, shall apply to both the Fixed 
Rate Period and the Indexed Interest Period, if 
applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Indexed Interest Formula: 
[set out the formula] 
 
(x) 
FXRate: 
 
 
- First Currency: 
[Specify, e.g. JPY] 
 
- Second Currency: 
[Specify, e.g. USD] 
 
- Specified Columns: 
[Specify, including whether bid, offer or arithmetic 
mean of bid and offer applies] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[Specify] 
 
- Relevant Time: 
[Specify time, place] 
 
- Fall-Back Screen Page/ 
Provision: 
[specify/In the event that no such quotation appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the FX 
Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.] 
 
- Specified Columns:] 
[Specify, including whether bid, offer or arithmetic 
mean of bid and offer applies] 
 
(xi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention 
other/give details/No Adjustment] [note that this 
item relates to Interest Period and interest accrual 
and not to the Payment Date to which item 23(i) 
applies] 
 
(xii) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interests for FX-
Rate Linked Instruments: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[include specified Business Day Convention]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 30 nor more than 60 days / [•]]

--- Page 167 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[include specified Business Day Convention]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 45 nor more than 60 days / [•]] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par]/[•]/[Index-Linked Redemption]/[FX Event 
Linked 
Redemption]/[FX 
Rate-Linked 
Redemption]/[other] (if "Par" or [•] is selected, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index-Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
(including 
amount 
payable upon a Currency 
Disruption Event): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
[The Fiscal Agent will not perform this role, unless 
otherwise agreed] 
 
(b) 
Index: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Cap: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Floor: 
[100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount] (Select 
this option if the Index-Linked Instrument is fully 
principal protected) 
 
 
[[•] per cent. of the Calculation Amount (Specify 
the floor in any other cases, which shall never be 
below zero)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Level[i]: 
[•] 
/ 
[In 
the 
case 
of 
a 
basket 
of 
shares/commodities/indices 
please 
insert 
information in the form of the table below] 
i 
Indexi 
Initial 
Leveli 
wi 
1 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
 
(f) 
Participation: 
[•] 
 
(g) 
FRA Index Redemption 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Maturity 
Date / [specify dates] 
 
(h) 
Index Table: 
[Not Applicable] / [set out relevant table, in case of

--- Page 168 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
more than one underlying index] 
 
(ii) 
FX Event Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
FX Event: 
An FX Event shall occur if [an Observation Period 
FX Event shall [not] have occurred] [and] [a 
Determination Date FX Event shall [not] have 
occurred]. 
 
(b) 
FX Event Amount: 
[Specify] 
 
(c) 
Non-FX Event Amount: 
[Specify] 
 
(d) 
First Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
(e) 
Second Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
(f) 
[Observation Period FX 
Event: 
FX to be [greater than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [equal to or less than] Observation 
Period FX] 
 
(g) 
[Observation Period FX: 
[•] per one [•]] 
 
(h) 
[Observation Period Start 
Date 
and 
Observation 
Period Start Time: 
[•] [a.m.] [p.m.], [•] time, on [•] per one [•]] 
 
(i) 
[Determination Date FX 
Event: 
FX to be [greater than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [equal to or less than] Determination 
Date FX]] 
 
(j) 
[Determination Date FX: 
[•] per one [•]] 
 
(k) 
[Determination Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the [•] 
Business Day Convention]] 
 
(l) 
Determination Time: 
[Specify] 
 
(m) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(iii) 
FX Rate - Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
FRA Determination Date: 
the date that is [number] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date 
 
(c) 
FRA Formula: 
[set out formula] 
 
(d) 
FXFRARate 
 
 
- First Currency: 
[Specify, e.g. JPY] 
 
- Second Currency: 
[Specify, e.g. USD] 
 
- Specified Columns: 
[Specify, including whether bid, offer or mid rate

--- Page 169 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
applies] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[Specify] 
 
- Relevant Time: 
[Specify time, place] 
 
- Fall-Back Screen 
Page/Provision: 
[Specify/In the event that no such quotation appears 
on the relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the relevant FRA Determination Date, the 
FXFRA Rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.] 
 
- [Specified Columns:] 
[Specify, including whether bid, offer or mid rate 
applies] 
21. 
(i) 
Early Termination Amount: 
[Par] 
(if the Early Termination Amount is the principal 
amount of the Instruments) / 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(Payable on event of default or early redemption, 
other than for taxation or illegality reasons. If the 
Early Termination Amount is different from the 
principal amount of the Instruments and consider 
whether interest is covered by the amount specified 
and if so, insert). 
 
(ii) 
Tax Early Redemption Amount: 
[Market Value Redemption Amount. For the 
purposes hereof, the references to "together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding, or in the 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and 
including) the date fixed for redemption" shall be 
deemed to be deleted from Condition 10.2] 
[Par] 
(This should only be applicable for Fixed Rate 
Instruments or Floating Rate Instruments and if so 
specified in the term sheet.)] 
 
 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(This should only be applicable for Subordinated 
Instruments and if so specified in the term sheet.) 
 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 15 nor more than 60 days / [•]] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption for Illegality: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Amount per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption 
for illegality reasons: 
[Market Value Redemption Amount. For the 
purposes hereof, the references to "together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding, or in the 
case of the Scandinavian Instruments, and 
including) the date fixed for redemption" shall be 
deemed to be deleted from Condition 10.9]

--- Page 170 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
[Par] 
(This should only be applicable for Fixed Rate 
Instruments and Floating Rate Instruments and if 
so specified in the term sheet.) 
 
(b) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 3 nor more than 30 days / [•]] 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
(Index 
Adjustment Event): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[Not less than 3 nor more than 30 days / [•]] 
22. 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Trigger Determination Date: 
[•] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days] prior 
to [•] 
 
(ii) 
Trigger Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Trigger Event: 
[FX Rate / Index Level] is [equal to or greater 
than/equal to or lower than/equal to] the Trigger 
 
(iv) 
Trigger: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date: 
[•] [insert dates] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [include specified Business 
Day Convention]] 
 
(vi) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Applicable FX Rate/Index Level: 
[•][Specify any applicable FX Rate/Index Level] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
23. 
Business Centre: 
 
 
(i) 
Payments: 
[•] 
[Condition  [13.1 (vii) (Payment on Business Days) 
or 13.2(iv) (Payments on Business Days)] shall be 
amended to provide for a Payment Date to be 
adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention.] 
 
 
(note that this item relates to the Payment Date in 
connection with paragraph (A) of the Business Day 
definition) 
 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centre: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(this item relates to the definition of Business Day 
used in connection with SOFR under Condition 
6.12) 
 
(iii) 
[•] Determination / Trigger/ FRA 
[Scheduled Trading Days]/[Business Centre is

--- Page 171 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
Determination: 
[specify]]/[•] 
 
 
(note that this item relates to the determination in 
connection with paragraph (B) of the Business Day 
definition) 
 
(iv) 
Notices: 
[•] 
 
 
(note that this item relates to the determination in 
connection with paragraph (B) of the Business Day 
definition) 
24. 
Form of Instruments: 
Bearer Instruments: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument 
which 
is 
exchangeable for [a] Definitive Instrument/s on [•] 
days' 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument.] (In relation to any Instruments with a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount, note 
that "in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument" should be selected.) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instruments on [•] days' notice.] (If 
issuing in this form, note that Instruments with a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount will 
not be permitted.) 
 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Instrument on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Instrument]. (In relation to any 
Instruments 
with 
a 
minimum 
Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount, note that "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument" should be selected.) 
 
 
Registered Instruments: 
 
 
[Unrestricted 
Global 
Instrument 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Unrestricted 
Individual 
Instrument Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificate] (Note 
that this item applies in the case of Registered 
Instruments being sold outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.) 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Restricted 
Global 
Instrument 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Restricted Individual Instrument 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances described in the Restricted 
Global Instrument Certificate] (Note that this item 
applies in the case of Registered Instruments sold

--- Page 172 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A.) 
 
 
Scandinavian 
Instruments: 
 
[•] 
[The 
Scandinavian Instruments are issued in the 
relevant form and the Terms in accordance with 
the Scandinavian Agreements] 
 
 
Registrar:  [ESw]/[EFi]/[VP] 
 
 
Issuing Agent and Swedish Paying Agent:  
[specify] 
25. 
New Global Instruments/Classic Global 
Instruments/New Safekeeping Structure: 
[NGI]/[CGI]/[NSS]/[Not Applicable] (in the case 
of Scandinavian Instruments) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Instruments (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[No.] / [Yes. As the Instruments have more than 27 
Coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
Coupon payments are left.] 
27. 
Spot Rate:   
[Not Applicable] / [Specify one of the following in 
the case of Renminbi Instruments only [CNYFIX 
Spot Rate / TRADCNY3 Spot Rate]] 
28. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] / [SEK shall have 
the right to obtain extracts from the debt register 
from [ESw]/[EFi]/[VP] - only applicable in case of 
Scandinavian Instruments and if available in 
accordance with the applicable laws] 
29. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR / SOFR / SONIA/ STIBOR / 
€STR/SWESTR] [[specify benchmark] is provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. [As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation, as amended]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, as amended] [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of AKTIEBOLAGET SVENSK EXPORTKREDIT (publ): 
 
By:  ........................................................................  
By:  ......................................................................... 
Duly authorised signatory 
Duly authorised signatory

--- Page 173 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by SEK (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be listed on [•] with 
effect on or around [•]] / [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by SEK (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to 
trading on [•] with effect from [•]] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Instruments to be issued are not rated.] 
[The Instruments to be issued have been/are expected to be rated/SEK's long-term debt has been 
rated: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, filial Sweden]:  [AA+]/[•]] 
[[Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB]:  [Aa1] /[•]] 
[[Other] *:  [•]]] 
* The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified - for 
example, "Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited", rather than just "S&P" or 
"Standard and Poor's". 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears

--- Page 174 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Instruments is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the FCA website: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Instruments to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 175 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Instruments to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Apart from any fees payable to [insert names of managers] listed in paragraph 10(i)(a) below 
pursuant to their appointment as Managers of the Instruments, so far as SEK is aware, no person 
involved in the [issue/offer] of the Instruments has an interest material to the [issue/offer]. The 
Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, SEK in the 
ordinary course of business.]/[•]/Not applicable]. 
4. 
[ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
 
(This item 4(ii) is not required, though may be 
included. This relates to the expenses of the 
issue/offer, which could include legal expenses, 
auditors' expenses, listing expenses etc.)]

--- Page 176 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of these Instruments under the Programme will be used by SEK in 
its ordinary course of business] / [•] / [Not Applicable] / [[Green Bonds /Social Bonds/ 
Sustainability Bonds] in accordance with the Issuer's [Green Bond Framework] / [Sustainability 
Bond Framework] (as may be amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time). 
6. 
Fixed Rate Instruments only – YIELD 
 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] 
[•]] 
7. 
Floating Rate Instruments only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (include for retail issues 
only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/€STR/STIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/SWESTR] rates can be obtained 
from [insert name of screen]/[•].] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
[Index-Linked 
and 
FX 
Rate-Linked, 
Instruments 
only 
– 
DESCRIPTION 
AND 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE, [EXPLANATION OF 
EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS] AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING: 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/other variable can be obtained (text in square brackets not required for wholesale 
issues). Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and if the index is 
not composed by SEK need to include details of where the information about the index can be 
obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to include equivalent information.] 
[Not Applicable] 
[i 
Indexi 
Initial Leveli 
wi 
1 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent. 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] per cent.] 
 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] / [Until the Instruments are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single Series 
with the Original Instruments, the Instruments 
will have the temporary ISIN [•]. After that, the 
Instruments will have the same ISIN as the 
Original Instruments, which is [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•]/ [Until the Instruments are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single Series 
with the Original Instruments, the Instruments 
will have the temporary Common Code [•]. After 
that, the Instruments will have the same Common 
Code as the Original Instruments, which is [•].] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
[FISN: 
[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that

--- Page 177 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available]] 
 
(v) 
[CFI: 
[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
(vi) 
New Global Instrument, or New 
Safekeeping Structure, intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" means that 
the Instruments are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
Instruments] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Instruments will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Instruments are capable of 
meeting them, the Instruments may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
Instruments]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and The Depository 
Trust Company and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[ESw]/[EFi]/[VP] [ESw/EFi/VP Identification 
number:] 
 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]

--- Page 178 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(a) 
If 
syndicated, names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(1) 
[Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement:] 
[•] 
(2) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(b) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(ii) 
[Total commission and concession:] 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
payable by SEK 
 
(iii) 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iv) 
TEFRA: 
[Not Applicable (if shorter than 365 days' term 
or 
if 
the 
Instruments 
are 
Scandinavian 
Instruments 
or 
Registered 
Instruments 
or 
considered in registered form for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes)/The [C/D] Rules are 
applicable.] 
 
(v) 
ERISA: 
Eligible:[Yes]/[No] 
(Select "yes" only where Benefit Plan Investors 
may 
purchase 
the 
Instruments 
and 
the 
Instruments are under an ERISA-Permitted 
Issuance.) 
 
(vi) 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to act 
as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) 
[Secondary (uridashi) offerings of the 
Instruments is to be made in Japan] 
[Yes. Uridashi Instruments./No] 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Instruments do 
constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Instruments may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulations, 
"Not 
Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified. If the Instruments may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be

--- Page 179 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 180 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Instruments represented by a Global Instrument in bearer form, references in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments to "Holder" are references to the bearer of the relevant 
Global Instrument which, for so long as the Global Instrument is held by (in the case of an NGI) a 
common safe-keeper or (in the case of a CGI) a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary, or as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Instruments represented by one or more Global Instrument Certificates, 
references in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments to "Holder" are references to the person in 
whose name the relevant Global Instrument Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register, 
which (a) in the case of a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, will be 
Cede & Co. (or such other entity as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC; and 
(b) in the case of any Global Instrument Certificate which is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a 
common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a 
nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Instrument or a Global 
Instrument Certificate (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such 
Accountholder's share of each payment made by SEK to the bearer of such Global Instrument or to the 
holder of such Global Instrument Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Instrument or Global Instrument Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Instrument or Global Instrument 
Certificate will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant 
Instruments are represented by the Global Instrument or Global Instrument Certificate, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against SEK in respect of payments due under the Instruments and such 
obligations of SEK will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Instrument or the holder of 
the Global Instrument Certificate. 
Transfers of Interests in Global Instruments and Global Instrument Certificates 
Transfers of interests in Global Instruments and Global Instrument Certificates within DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their 
respective rules and operating procedures. None of SEK, the relevant Registrar, the affected Dealers or 
the Fiscal or Paying Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or any of their 
respective participants relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global 
Instrument or Global Instrument Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the 
records of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or the 
records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Instruments. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global 
Instrument Certificate to such persons will be limited. Because clearing systems only act on behalf of 
participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in 
a Global Instrument Certificate to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in 
the relevant clearing systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the 
lack of an Individual Instrument Certificate representing such interest. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Instruments described 
under "Transfer Restrictions", transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other will be effected by the relevant clearing systems

--- Page 181 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
in accordance with their respective rules and through action taken by the DTC Custodian, the relevant 
Registrar and the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the issue date for any Series, transfers of Instruments of such Series between accountholders 
in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Instruments of such Series between 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  
The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such 
transfer.  Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Instruments Certificates will be 
effected through the Principal Paying Agent, the DTC Custodian, the relevant Registrar and any 
applicable Transfer Agent receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the transferor 
and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the 
transferee.  Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) three business days after the trade date for the 
disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Instruments Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two 
business days after receipt by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the 
necessary certification or information to effect such transfer.  In the case of cross-market transfers, 
settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot 
be made on a delivery versus payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately.  The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders or between DTC participants 
are not affected. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Instruments, see "Subscription and Sale" and 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
Upon the issue of a Restricted Global Instrument Certificate to be held by or on behalf of DTC, DTC or 
the DTC Custodian will credit the respective principal amounts of the individual beneficial interests 
represented by such Restricted Global Instrument Certificate to the account of DTC participants. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such Restricted Global Instrument Certificate will be held through 
participants of DTC, including the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
the case of any Unrestricted Global Instrument Certificates. Ownership of beneficial interests in such 
Global Instrument Certificate will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only 
through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee. DTC has advised SEK that it will take any action 
permitted to be taken by a holder of DTC Registered Instruments represented by a Global Instrument 
Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC (including, without limitation, the presentation of such Global 
Instrument Certificates for exchange as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants 
in whose account with DTC interests in such Global Instrument Certificate are credited, and only in 
respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of such Global Instrument Certificate as to 
which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, in certain 
circumstances, DTC will exchange the relevant Global Instrument Certificate for Individual Instrument 
Certificates (which will bear the relevant legends set out in "Transfer Restrictions"). 
Although DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures in 
order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Instrument Certificates among participants and 
account holders of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
None of SEK, the relevant Registrar, the Dealers or the Fiscal and Paying Agents will have any 
responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or account holders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their respective operations. 
While a Global Instrument Certificate is lodged with DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
relevant clearing system, Individual Instrument Certificates for the relevant Series of Instruments will not 
be eligible for clearing and settlement through such clearing systems.

--- Page 182 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
Conditions applicable to Global Instruments 
Each Global Instrument and Global Instrument Certificate will contain provisions which modify the 
Terms and Conditions of the Instruments as they apply to such Global Instrument and Global Instrument 
Certificate. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Instrument will be made against presentation and (in the 
case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Instrument 
to or to the order of Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding 
liabilities of SEK in respect of the Instruments. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or 
interest is made in respect of the Global Instrument, SEK shall procure that in the case of a CGI the 
payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGI the payment entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Calculation of interest: The calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Instrument which is 
represented by a Global Instrument or a Global Instrument Certificate will be calculated on the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Instruments represented by such Global Instrument or Global 
Instrument Certificate, as the case may be, and not by reference to the Calculation Amount.  
Business Day: In relation to payments made in respect of a Global Instrument Certificate or a Global 
Instrument, so long as such Global Instrument Certificate or Global Instrument is held on behalf of DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, the definition of 
"Business Day" in Condition 1.1 (Interpretation – Definitions) shall be amended so as to disapply 
paragraphs (A)(i)(b) and (A)(ii)(b) of that definition. 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Instrument Certificate will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment where "Clearing System Business 
Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Instrument Certificate, as the case 
may be, is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10.5 (Redemption at the 
option of Holders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Instrument or the holder of a Global Instrument 
Certificate must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Instrument 
and Put Option Notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, specifying the principal amount of Instruments in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of SEK) in relation to some only of the Instruments, the Permanent Global 
Instrument or the Global Instrument Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified 
by SEK in accordance with the Conditions and the Instruments to be redeemed will not be selected as 
provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Instruments are represented by a 
Permanent Global Instrument (or by a Permanent Global Instrument and/or a Temporary Global 
Instrument) or by a Global Instrument Certificate and the Permanent Global Instrument is (or the 
Permanent Global Instrument and/or the Temporary Global Instrument are) deposited with a depositary or 
a common depositary or a common safe-keeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, or the Global Instrument Certificate is registered in the name of a 
depositary or common depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or the Global Instrument 
Certificate is registered in the name of DTC's nominee, notices to Holders may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and/or DTC and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and/or DTC provided, however, that, so long as 
the Instruments are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for

--- Page 183 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and its rules so require, notices could instead be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Instrument or Global Instrument 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(i) 
approval of a resolution proposed by SEK, given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in principal amount of the Instruments outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise 
require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was 
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders duly 
convened and held, and shall be binding on all Holders whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and 
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, SEK shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to SEK and/or the Fiscal Agent 
by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Instrument or 
Global Instrument Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified 
by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, SEK shall be entitled to rely 
on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) the relevant clearing system and, 
in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Holders and Holders of Coupons, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the 
relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's Xact 
Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a 
particular principal amount of the Instruments is clearly identified together with the amount of 
such holding. Neither Issuer nor the Fiscal Agent shall not be liable to any person by reason of 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Rounding: Any payments made by the clearing systems to its Accountholders may be subject to further 
rounding. The Issuer has no responsibility for any discrepancy between the amounts paid on behalf of the 
Issuer to the clearing systems and the amounts paid by the clearing systems to its Accountholders.

--- Page 184 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
SEK – AN INTRODUCTION 
General 
This introduction provides you with a brief overview of key information concerning SEK. 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
History and development of the Company 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) (Swedish Export Credit Corporation) is a "public limited 
liability company" under the Swedish Companies Act. It is wholly owned by the Swedish State through 
the Ministry of Finance ("Sweden" or the "State"). 
SEK was founded in 1962. Under Article 3 of its Articles of Association, SEK's objective is to engage, on 
commercial grounds, in Swedish and international financing activities in accordance with the Swedish 
Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) in order to 
promote activities of Swedish interest, directly or indirectly related to the Swedish export industry, 
including Swedish infrastructure, and further to otherwise strengthen the internationalisation and 
competitiveness of Swedish industry. SEK's financing activities include, but are not limited to: (i) 
borrowing funds, for example by accepting deposits from the general public or issuing bonds or other 
comparable debt instruments; (ii) granting and intermediating loans, for example in the form of loans 
secured by charges over real property or claims; (iii) issuing guarantees and assuming similar obligations; 
(iv) the holding of securities and the conduct of trading in securities; and (v) engaging in securities 
operations in accordance with the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om 
värdepappersmarknaden). The duration of SEK is indefinite. 
Business Overview 
SEK's mission is to ensure access to financial solutions for the Swedish export industry on commercial 
and sustainable terms, with the aim of promoting the development and international competitiveness of 
Swedish industry and trade. Its mission includes, as a public policy assignment, administration of the 
Commercial Interest Reference Rate system (the "CIRR system"). Pursuant to agreements established in 
1978 and amended from time to time thereafter, SEK administers the CIRR system on behalf of the 
Swedish State in return for compensation. 
SEK extends loans on commercial terms at prevailing fixed or floating market interest rates, as well as 
loans on State-supported terms at fixed interest rates that may be lower than prevailing fixed market rates 
in the CIRR system. Because Sweden is a member of the OECD, the CIRR system is designed to comply 
with the Arrangement on Guidelines for Officially Supported Export Credits of the OECD. 
SEK's product offerings are aimed at Swedish exporters and their customers and its customers are large 
and medium-sized Swedish exporters with sales exceeding SKr 500 million. 
SEK works mainly in lending and as a result, SEK acts as a complement to, and works in cooperation 
with, Swedish and international banks as well as other financial institutions. SEK also has close 
partnerships with other export promotion agencies in Sweden such as Almi, Business Sweden, EKN and 
Swedfund. 
SEK can provide loans in a number of different currencies and with different maturities. Most of its 
lending is in Swedish kronor, US dollars or euros, but SEK also offers loans in several other currencies. 
SEK's borrowing activities in the international capital markets have given SEK expertise in financial 
instruments. 
SEK's niche specialisation in long-term export-related financing, combined with its financial capacity and 
flexible organisation, are key factors in the management of its operations. 
SEK has been assigned a senior unsecured long term debt rating of Aa1 from Moody's and a senior 
unsecured long term debt rating of AA+ from S&P.

--- Page 185 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
Information on the material changes in SEK's borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year can be found in "Borrowing" on pages 28 to 29 (Part I) of the 2023 20-F. A description of the 
expected financing of SEK's activities can be found in "Liquidity and Capital Resources" on pages 28 to 
29 (Part I) of the 2023 20-F. 
Key Developments in 2023 
• 
For the full-year, SEK recorded record high net interest income, Skr 2,895 million (2022: Skr 
2,179 million). During the year, a high new lending rate, rising interest rates in Swedish kronor 
and a weaker Swedish krona contributed to higher interest income.  
• 
The new lending volume in 2023 was Skr 80 billion (2022: Skr 133 billion), which is higher than 
the historical average. New lending to Swedish exporters was Skr 29.8 billion in 2023 (2022: Skr 
50.3 billion), and new lending to exporters' customers amounted to Skr 50.4 billion in 2023 
(2022: Skr 82.9 billion). The continued high interest rates during most of the year together with 
the likely ongoing recession in the global economy contributed to lower demand for export 
credits. This is because some investments have been postponed and others were cancelled as a 
result of updated investment estimates based on significantly higher interest rates.  
• 
In 2023, the provisions for expected credit losses were high and totalled Skr 585 million. These 
provisions mainly pertained to three individual exposures.  
• 
There is a global need for investments in order to reach the reduced carbon emissions goals 
contained in the Paris Agreement on climate change. There is a substantial transition need in 
sectors such as transportation and energy, sustainable urban development and fossil-frugal 
production. The share of sustainability classified lending posted a positive trend over the year 
and increased from 12.0 to 15.7 per cent., which was in line with SEK's strategy.  
• 
SEK is focused on increasing the customer portfolio and offering more companies access to 
Sweden's export credit system. The number of customers increased 3 per cent. during the year 
compared to year-end 2022. 
• 
SEK's green lending portfolio totaled 11.0 per cent. of the total lending portfolio at the end of 
2023 (2022: 9.5 per cent). 
• 
SEK had a credit facility with the Swedish National Debt Office of up to Skr 175 billion in 2023. 
In December 2023, the credit facility was reduced to Skr 125 billion through the end of 2024 by 
the Swedish Government, of which Skr 10 billion can be used for commercial export financing. 
SEK had not utilised the credit facility by 31 December 2023. 
• 
The Board of Directors of SEK (the "Board") has resolved to propose the payment of a dividend 
of 20 percent of the year's profit at the Annual General Meeting, corresponding to Skr 248 
million (2022: -), which is in line with the Company's dividend policy of 20-40 per cent. 
Management 
The Board is responsible for the management of SEK. 
SEK's Articles of Association currently provide that the Board shall consist of six to eight directors. The 
State, as holder of all the shares, elects the directors. The Chairman of the Board is appointed at each 
Annual General Meeting. The Board may appoint a Vice Chairman of the Board. 
The Board meets at least six times a year. 
The members of the Board are elected at each Annual General Meeting to serve for a term of one year, 
which expires at the next Annual General Meeting. An Annual General Meeting is required to be held not 
later than June 30 of each year. 
To the best of the SEK's knowledge, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties which the 
members of the Board owe to SEK and their private interests.

--- Page 186 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
SEK's directors and executive officers are, as at the date hereof, as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Board  
 
Lennart Jacobsen 
Chairman of the Board and Director 
Håkan Berg 
Director 
Paula da Silva 
Director 
Reinhold Geijer 
Director 
Hanna Lagerkrantz 
Director 
Katarina Ljungqvist 
Director 
Carl Mellander 
Director 
Eva Nilsagård 
Director 
 
 
Executive Management 
 
Magnus Montan 
Chief Executive Officer 
Karl Johan Bernerfalk 
General Counsel, Head of Legal and Procurement 
Pontus Davidsson 
Head of International Finance 
Stefan Friberg 
Chief Financial Officer 
Theresa Hamilton Burman 
Chief Credit Officer 
Jens Hedar 
Head of Client Relationship Management  
Jan Hoppe 
Chief Risk Officer 
Tomas Nygård 
Chief Information Officer 
Jenny Lilja Lagercrantz 
Head of Human Resources 
Susanna Rystedt 
Head 
of 
Strategy, 
Business 
Development 
and 
Communication 
Maria Simonson 
Head of Sustainability 
Anna-Lena Söderlund 
Head of Compliance  
 
The Board of Directors 
Mr. Jacobsen was appointed director in March 2021 and Chairman of the Board in March 2022. He is 
currently Chairman of the board of directors of Playground Group AB. He is also a board member of 
Swedbank Robur Fonder AB and Oryx Holding AB. He has previously served as Executive Vice 
President, Country Senior Executive Sweden and Head of Retail Banking of Nordea Bank AB and CEO 
Nordics of GE Capital Global Banking AB. 
Mr. Berg was appointed director in March 2022. He currently serves as a board member of ICA Banken 
AB and AK Nordic AB and is the founder and Chairman of the board of directors of Montaro AB. He has 
previously served as Chairman of the board of directors of Lexly AB and as a member of Swedbank's 
Group Executive Committee. He has also held positions as Head of Stockholm Region, Deputy of Retail 
Banking, head of Baltic Banking, Chief Audit Executive and Group Chief Risk Officer at Swedbank. 
Ms. da Silva was appointed director in March 2022. She is currently the CEO for P27 Nordic Payments 
Platform AB. She has previously served as CEO for SEB Strategic Investments, as Global Head of 
Transaction Banking at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken ("SEB") and has also held several leading 
positions for SEB in Latin America and the United States. 
Mr. Geijer was appointed director in March 2017. He is currently a member of the board of directors at 
BTS Group AB, Eterna Invest AB with associated companies and Livförsäkringsaktiebolaget Skandia 
ömsesidigt. He has previously served as CEO at The Royal Bank of Scotland, Nordic Branch, CEO at 
Nordisk Renting AB and Föreningssparbanken (Swedbank) and as Executive Vice President at Telia AB. 
He has also previously worked in Ericsson Radio Systems AB, SSAB Swedish Steel and Weyerhaeuser 
Integrated Forest Company, United States. 
Ms. Lagercrantz was appointed director in March 2019. She is currently Senior Investment director at 
Ministry of Finance at the Government Offices of Sweden. She is currently also a board member of Almi 
AB and Research Institutes of Sweden (RISE) AB. She has previously served as board member of AO 
Dom Shvetsii, Fouriertransform AB, LKAB, SBAB, SOS Alarm AB, Swedish Space Corporation (SSC), 
Svenska Skeppshypotek and Swedfund International AB. She has previously worked as an equity analyst 
at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (SEB), and as a corporate finance executive with UBS AG and 
S.G. Warburg.

--- Page 187 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
Ms. Ljungqvist was appointed Director in March 2022. She is currently the CEO of Kommuninvest AB. 
She is currently also a member of the board of directors of Hufvudstaden AB and of Svenska Mässan 
Stiftelse and a member of Svenska Mässans Stiftelse's Supervisory Council. She has previously worked 
as Head of the division Handelsbanken Digital and Head of Business Development Sweden and 
Executive Vice President and Head of Regional Bank Western Sweden Handelsbanken. 
Mr Mellander was appointed director in March 2024. He has a BA degree from Stockholm University. 
With extensive experience from several leading positions in the business world, of which the last seven 
years as CFO and part of the Group management at Ericsson, Carl Mellander has become an 
accomplished leader in change management and governance. He brings extensive expertise in finance and 
capital markets, augmented by a robust international background. He is a Board member of Grönskär 
Gruppen AB. 
Ms. Nilsagård was appointed director in April 2018. She is the founder and CEO of Nilsagård consulting 
AB. She serves as Chairman of the board of directors of Spermosens AB. She is also director and 
Chairman of the audit committees of AddLife AB, Bufab AB, Xbrane Biopharma AB, Hansa Biopharma 
AB, Nimbus Group AB, Nanexa AB, Ernströmgruppen AB and at eEducation Albert AB. She has 
previously served as the Chairman of the board of directors of Diagonal Bio AB and as the CFO for 
Plastal Industri AB, SVP Strategy & Business development Volvo Trucks (EMEA), Vitrolife and VP 
Finance & IT Volvo Penta and has held other senior positions within finance and business development at 
Volvo, AstraZeneca Group and SKF. 
The business address of each of the above named directors and executive officers is Fleminggatan 20, 
P.O. Box 194, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 188 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by SEK to any one or more of Bank of Montreal Europe plc, 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, RBC Europe Limited, SMBC 
Bank EU AG, TD Global Finance unlimited company and Tokai Tokyo Securities Europe Limited (the 
"Dealers") or to any other person. The arrangements under which Instruments may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by SEK to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a dealership agreement dated 2 
April 2024 (the "Dealership Agreement", which expression shall include any amendments or 
supplements thereto) and made between SEK and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Instruments the method of distribution is an agreement between SEK and a single Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that 
Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact 
of appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Instruments the method of distribution is an agreement between SEK and more than one Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by SEK and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the 
relevant Instruments will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other 
interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Any such agreement will inter 
alia make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, the price at which 
such Instruments will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions, if any, payable by SEK in 
respect of such subscription. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of 
existing Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Instruments under or pursuant to the Dealership Agreement 
prior to the closing of the issue of such Instruments, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Instruments. In 
this situation, the issuance of such Instruments may not be completed. Investors will have no rights 
against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these 
circumstances. 
United States of America 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Instruments are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Instruments, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Instruments comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Instruments during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Instruments within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Instruments comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the

--- Page 189 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly, or through their respective U.S. broker-
dealer affiliates, arrange for the offer and resale of Registered Restricted Instruments within the United 
States only to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan) or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
In instances where "Uridashi Instruments" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, alternative selling 
restrictions are to be enforced as follows: 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan) or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan; provided 
that SEK may maintain a shelf registration pursuant to the FIEA, and any amendments or supplements 
thereto or Securities Registration Statements and any amendments thereto may be filed by SEK with the 
Director General of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau to enable certain securities companies in Japan to 
offer the Instruments for sale in Japan. Each of the Dealers understands that the Instruments may be 
offered in Japan for sale upon such filing in accordance with the terms described in the above-mentioned 
documents only under circumstances which will result in compliance with the FIEA and any other 
relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines, and agrees that it will observe such restrictions. 
However, it is provided that SEK is permitted to maintain a shelf registration in accordance with the 
FIEA and any amendments and/or supplements thereto, or Securities Registration Statements and any 
amendments thereto may be submitted by SEK to the Director General of the Kanto Local Finance 
Bureau, enabling certain securities firms in Japan to offer the Instruments for sale in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan. Each of the Dealers understands that the Instruments may be offered in 
Japan for sale in Japan following such submission, in a manner that ensures full compliance with the 
FIEA and all pertinent laws, regulations, and ministerial guidelines, and each Dealer agrees to adhere to 
these restrictions. 
The People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that the Instruments will not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including 
Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan (the "PRC")). This Base Prospectus, 
the Instruments or any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein in relation to 
the Instruments have not been, and will not be, submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the 
China Securities Regulatory Commission ("CSRC") or any other relevant governmental and regulatory 
authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws and regulations and thus may not be supplied to the 
public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Instruments in 
the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any material or information contained or incorporated by 
reference herein constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.

--- Page 190 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
The Instruments may only be invested in by, or sold to, PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the 
investment in the Instruments of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for informing 
themselves about and observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government 
regulatory approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations (if any) themselves, from all relevant PRC 
governmental authorities, including, but not limited to, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the 
PBoC, CSRC, the National Financial Regulatory Administration, and/or and other relevant regulatory 
bodies or successors of the aforementioned regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC 
regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas 
investment regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Instruments (except for Instruments which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than: (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and  
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Instruments, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Instruments which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" 
as defined in SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Instruments or caused any Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase nor will it offer or sell Instruments or cause any Instruments to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, nor has it circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or

--- Page 191 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II; and 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Instruments. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an 
offer of such Instruments to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Approved Prospectus: if the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the Instruments 
specify that an offer of those Instruments may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Instruments which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such 
prospectus which is not a Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and SEK has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by SEK for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require SEK or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to 
any Instruments in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 192 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Instruments to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) 
in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by SEK for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require SEK or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to 
any Instruments means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Instruments. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom; 
(b) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Instruments having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Instruments other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the FSMA by SEK; and

--- Page 193 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
(c) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to SEK. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has complied with and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it subscribes for, purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Instruments or has in its possession or distributes such offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
SEK and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
which they subscribe for, purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or have in their possession or 
distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of SEK. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, SEK and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Instruments issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of SEK and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of SEK or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with SEK routinely hedge their credit exposure to SEK consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Instruments issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 194 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of a potential investor's Relevant State and of SEK's country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
1. 
Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of 
Instruments. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended 
to provide general information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where 
Instruments are held in an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto), tax 
consequences in connection with a relevant authority's exercise of the bail-in tool and/or any 
other tools and/or powers under the Resolution Act, tax consequences in connection with any 
impairment of the Instruments, or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, 
payers of interest. Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding Swedish and 
other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of 
double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Instruments in their particular 
circumstances. 
Holders not tax resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes to the holder of any Instruments should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided 
that such holder (i) is not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a 
permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Instruments are effectively connected. 
However, if the value of or the return on the Instruments is deemed equity-related for Swedish 
tax purposes, private individuals who have been residents of Sweden for tax purposes due to a 
habitual abode in Sweden or a stay in Sweden for six consecutive months at any time during the 
calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal 
or redemption are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of such 
Instruments. In a number of cases though, the applicability of this rule is limited by the 
applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal 
amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except for 
certain payments of interest (and other returns on Instruments) to a private individual (or an 
estate of a deceased individual) who is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see 
"Holders tax resident in Sweden" below). 
Holders tax resident in Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) 
with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example income that 
is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Instruments) will be 
taxable. Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for 
example life insurance companies. Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, 
and to the extent that, a holder of Instruments realises a capital loss on the Instruments and to any 
currency exchange gains or losses. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by ESw or by another 
legal entity domiciled in Sweden, including a Swedish branch of a non-Swedish corporation, to a 
private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in Sweden for Swedish 
tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by ESw or such legal entity on 
such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be withheld on other returns on 
Instruments (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such a payment of 
interest referred to above.

--- Page 195 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
2. 
Other Taxation Considerations 
(A) 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the 
"Commission's proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each 
other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to 
certain dealings in Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Instruments should, however, be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in Instruments where at least one party is a financial institution, 
and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in 
a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to 
the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
(B) 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. SEK is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Instruments, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Instruments, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Instruments, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payment". Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Instruments. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Instruments, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 196 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following summary discusses the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of the Instruments. Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies 
only to: 
• 
Instruments purchased on original issuance at their "issue price" (as defined below); 
• 
Instruments held as capital assets; and 
• 
U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
This discussion assumes that the Instruments will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective investors should note, however, that the classification of an Instrument as debt or equity is 
highly factual, and it is possible that Instruments might be issued that might be classified as equity for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service (the "IRS") with respect to the classification of the Instruments in general or with respect to any 
particular Instruments. Prospective investors should consult their own advisers with respect to the proper 
classification of the Instruments and the consequences of investing in any Instruments that are not 
classified as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including whether any such instruments might be 
considered to be interests in a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
which could have materially adverse consequences for U.S. taxable investors. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a Holder's 
particular circumstances or to Holders subject to special rules, such as: 
• 
former U.S. citizens or residents; 
• 
financial institutions; 
• 
insurance companies; 
• 
dealers in securities or foreign currencies; 
• 
persons holding Instruments as part of a hedging transaction, "straddle," conversion transaction 
or other integrated transaction; 
• 
persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;  
• 
persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to 
Instruments as a result of such income being recognised on an applicable financial statement; or 
• 
partnerships or other entities classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This summary is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, 
temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, as at the day hereof, changes to any of which 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described below. Persons 
considering the purchase of the Instruments should consult the relevant Final Terms for any additional 
discussion regarding U.S. federal income taxation and should consult their tax advisers with regard to the 
application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
The tax treatment of certain Instruments, such as Index-Linked Instruments, Subordinated Instruments, 
FX Rate-Linked Instruments and Instruments that are not principal protected, may be specified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing Supplement. Moreover, this summary does not discuss Bearer 
Instruments. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant limitations on U.S. Holders of 
Bearer Instruments. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income and 
other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Bearer Instruments.

--- Page 197 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of an Instrument that is for United 
States federal income tax purposes: 
• 
an individual that is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
• 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or of any political 
subdivision thereof; 
• 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; 
or 
• 
a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust. 
If an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Instruments, the 
U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and upon 
the activities of the partnership. Partners of partnerships holding Instruments should consult with their tax 
advisers regarding the tax consequences of an investment in the Instruments. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on an Instrument will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it 
accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). Interest income 
earned by a U.S. Holder with respect to an Instrument will constitute foreign source income for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant in calculating the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit 
limitation. The rules regarding foreign tax credits are complex and recent changes to the foreign tax credit 
rules introduced additional requirements and limitations (though the application of some of these changes 
has been deferred pending further guidance). Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers about 
the application of such rules to them in their particular circumstances. Special rules governing the 
treatment of interest paid with respect to original issue discount instruments, exchangeable instruments 
and foreign currency instruments are described under "— Original Issue Discount," "— Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments," and "— Foreign Currency Instruments." 
Original Issue Discount 
An Instrument that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be 
considered to have been issued at an original discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be 
referred to as an "original issue discount Instrument") unless the Instrument satisfies a de minimis 
threshold (as described below) or is a short-term Instrument (as defined below). The "issue price" of an 
Instrument generally will be the first price at which a substantial amount of the Instruments are sold to the 
public (which does not include sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in 
the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" 
of an Instrument generally will equal the sum of all payments required to be made under the Instrument 
other than payments of "qualified stated interest". "Qualified stated interest" is stated interest 
unconditionally payable (other than in debt Instruments of SEK) at least annually during the entire term 
of the Instrument and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Instrument multiplied by a single 
fixed Interest Rate. In addition, qualified stated interest includes, among other things, stated interest on a 
"variable rate debt instrument" that is unconditionally payable (other than in debt Instruments of SEK) at 
least annually at a single qualified floating Interest Rate or at a rate that is determined at a single fixed 
formula that is based on objective financial or economic information. A rate is a qualified floating rate if 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous fluctuations in the cost of 
newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Instrument is denominated. 
If the difference between an Instrument's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less 
than a de minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by 
the number of complete years to maturity, the Instrument will not be considered to have original issue 
discount. U.S. Holders of Instruments with a de minimis amount of discount will include this discount in 
income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the Instrument.

--- Page 198 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
A U.S. Holder of original issue discount Instruments will be required to include any qualified stated 
interest payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, as ordinary interest income. U.S. Holders of original issue discount Instruments that 
mature more than one year from their date of issuance will be required to include original issue discount 
in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes as it accrues in accordance with a constant yield method 
based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any 
Instrument (including stated interest, acquisition discount, original issue discount, de minimis original 
issue discount, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any 
amortisable bond premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on 
the compounding of interest, and may revoke such election only with the permission of the IRS (a 
"constant yield election"). If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election with respect to an Instrument 
with market discount (discussed below), the U.S. Holder will be treated as having made an election to 
include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount 
acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such 
election applies. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors about making this election in light of their 
particular circumstances. 
An Instrument that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Instrument") will 
be treated as being issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Instrument will be treated as 
qualified stated interest. In general, a cash method U.S. Holder of a short-term Instrument is not required 
to accrue the discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. U.S. Holders who so 
elect and certain other U.S. Holders, including those who report income on the accrual method of 
accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are required to include the discount in income as it 
accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is made to accrue the discount according to a 
constant yield method based on daily compounding. In the case of a U.S. Holder who is not required and 
who does not elect to include the discount in income currently, any gain realised on the sale, exchange, or 
maturity of the short-term Instrument will be ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued on a 
straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) 
through the date of sale, exchange or maturity. In addition, those U.S. Holders will be required to defer 
deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-term Instruments in 
an amount not exceeding the accrued discount until the accrued discount is included in income. 
SEK may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional option to 
require SEK to redeem, an Instrument prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if 
SEK have an unconditional option to redeem an Instrument prior to its stated maturity date, this option 
will be presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which the Instrument may be redeemed as the 
maturity date and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Instrument as the 
stated redemption price at maturity, the yield on the Instrument would be lower than its yield to maturity. 
If the U.S. Holders have an unconditional option to require SEK to redeem an Instrument prior to its 
stated maturity date, this option will be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as 
those set forth in the previous sentence, the yield on the Instrument would be higher than its yield to 
maturity. If this option is not in fact exercised, the Instrument would be treated solely for purposes of 
calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new Instrument were issued, on the 
presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Instrument's adjusted issue price on that date. The 
adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Instrument is defined as the sum of the issue price of the 
Instrument and the aggregate amount of previously accrued original issue discount, less any prior 
payments other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases an Instrument (other than a short-term Instrument) for an amount that is less 
than its stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Instrument, its 
adjusted issue price, the amount of the difference will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, unless this difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Instrument, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, 
exchange, maturity or other disposition of an Instrument, including disposition in certain nonrecognition 
transactions, as ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Instrument at the time

--- Page 199 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
of the payment or disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the 
U.S. Holder pursuant to an election by the U.S. Holder to include market discount in income as it accrues 
on a straight-line basis, or pursuant to a constant yield election by the U.S. Holder (as described under "— 
Original Issue Discount"). In addition, the U.S. Holder may be required to defer, until the maturity of the 
Instrument or its earlier disposition (including certain non-taxable transactions), the deduction of all or a 
portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such 
Instrument. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "— Original Issue Discount") for an 
Instrument with market discount, such election will result in a deemed election for all market discount 
bonds acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election 
applies. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases an Instrument for an amount that is greater than the Instrument's adjusted 
issue price but less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Instrument after the purchase 
date other than payments of qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased the Instrument 
at an acquisition premium. Under the acquisition premium rules, the amount of original issue discount 
that the U.S. Holder must include in its gross income with respect to the Instrument for any taxable year 
will be reduced by the portion of acquisition premium properly allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases an Instrument for an amount that is greater than the amount payable at 
maturity, or on the earlier call date, in the case of an Instrument that is redeemable at SEK's option, the 
U.S. Holder will be considered to have purchased the Instrument with amortisable bond premium equal in 
amount to the excess of the purchase price over the amount payable at maturity. The U.S. Holder may 
elect to amortise this premium, using a constant yield method, over the remaining term of the Instrument 
(where the Instrument is not optionally redeemable prior to its maturity date). If the Instrument may be 
optionally redeemed prior to maturity after the U.S. Holder has acquired it, the amount of amortisable 
bond premium is determined by substituting the call date for the maturity date and the call price for the 
amount payable at maturity only if the substitution results in a smaller amount of premium attributable to 
the period before the redemption date. A U.S. Holder who elects to amortise bond premium must reduce 
the tax basis in the Instrument by the amount of the premium amortised in any year. An election to 
amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. Holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "— Original Issue Discount") for an 
Instrument with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortise 
bond premium for all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. 
Sale, Exchange or Maturity of the Instruments 
Upon the sale, exchange or maturity of an Instrument, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss 
equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or maturity and the U.S. 
Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Instrument. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in an Instrument 
generally will equal the acquisition cost of the Instrument increased by the amount of original issue 
discount and market discount included in the U.S. Holder's gross income and decreased by the amount of 
any payment received from SEK other than a payment of qualified stated interest. Gain or loss, if any, 
will generally be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit 
limitation. For these purposes, the amount realised does not include any amount attributable to accrued 
qualified stated interest on the Instrument. Amounts attributable to accrued qualified stated interest are 
treated as interest as described under "— Payments of Stated Interest." 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or maturity of an Instrument will 
generally be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange 
or maturity the Instrument has been held for more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to 
the extent of any accrued market discount or, in the case of a short-term Instrument, to the extent of any 
accrued discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's taxable income. See "— Original Issue 
Discount" and "— Market Discount". In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of 
Foreign Currency Instruments, and contingent payment debt instruments. See "— Foreign Currency 
Instruments" and "— Contingent Payment Debt Instruments".

--- Page 200 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Instruments provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of 
payments (including Instruments with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as "variable rate debt 
instruments" for purposes of the original issue discount rules) they will be "contingent payment debt 
instruments" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent 
payment debt instruments, no payment on such Instruments qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a 
U.S. Holder must account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" 
and the differences between actual payments on the Instrument and the Instrument's "projected payment 
schedule" as described below. The comparable yield is determined by SEK at the time of issuance of the 
Instruments. The comparable yield may be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect 
to the Instruments. Solely for the purpose of determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder 
will be required to accrue on a contingent payment debt instrument, SEK will be required to construct a 
"projected payment schedule" that represents a series of payments the amount and timing of which would 
produce a yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by 
SEK regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, will be required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the 
comparable yield, adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and 
the projected amount of any contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth 
below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent 
payment debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected 
payments over actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
• 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that 
a U.S. Holder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
• 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as 
does not exceed the excess of; 
• 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument over 
• 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on the 
contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment will not be subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on 
miscellaneous deductions when miscellaneous deductions become available again to individual U.S. 
Holders for tax years beginning on or after 1 January 2026. Any net negative adjustment in excess of the 
amounts described above will be carried forward to offset future interest income in respect of the 
contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount realised on a sale, exchange or maturity of 
the contingent payment debt instrument. Where a U.S. Holder purchases a contingent payment debt 
instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference between the purchase price and the 
adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of interest or projected payments 
with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term and treated as a positive 
or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or maturity of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange 
or maturity and the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. 
Holder's adjusted basis in an Instrument that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the 
acquisition cost of the Instrument, increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. Holder on the 
Instrument under these rules, disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased 
by the amount of any non-contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent payments 
previously made on the Instrument. A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and 
any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total

--- Page 201 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. 
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the maturity of a 
contingent payment debt instrument including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right equal to 
the fair market value of the property, determined at the time of maturity. The U.S. Holder's holding period 
for the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for 
payments, in a currency other than the U.S. dollar ("Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments"). 
Very generally, these Instruments are accounted for like a contingent debt instrument, as described above, 
but in the currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments. The relevant amounts must 
then be translated into U.S. dollar equivalents. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Debt 
Instruments are complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of such instruments. 
Foreign Currency Instruments 
The following discussion summarises the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. 
Holder of the ownership and disposition of Instruments that are denominated in a specified currency other 
than the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest or principal on which are payable in a currency other than 
the U.S. dollar ("Foreign Currency Instruments"). 
The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Instruments could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, 
exchange or other disposition of a Foreign Currency Instrument to be recharacterised as ordinary income 
or loss. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Instruments are complex and may depend on the U.S. 
Holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under 
these rules, and whether a U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. 
Holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax 
advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Foreign 
Currency Instruments. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a currency other than U.S. dollars with respect to a Foreign Currency Instrument will be 
required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the Foreign Currency payment (determined on the 
date the payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the 
time, and this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the non-U.S. currency. A cash 
method U.S. Holder who receives a payment of qualified stated interest in U.S. dollars pursuant to an 
option available under such Instrument will be required to include the amount of this payment in income 
upon receipt. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount 
of interest income (including original issue discount or market discount, but reduced by acquisition 
premium and amortisable bond premium, to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise 
required to be taken into account with respect to a Foreign Currency Instrument during an accrual period. 
The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be determined by translating the income at the average 
rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, 
at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary 
income or loss with respect to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The 
amount of ordinary income or loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of 
the non-U.S. currency payment received (determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of 
the accrual period (or, where a U.S. Holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of 
the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period 
(as determined above). Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of a cash method taxpayer required to 
currently accrue original issue discount or market discount. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial 
accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the accrual period in that taxable year) or, if the date of 
receipt is within five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date

--- Page 202 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
of receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from 
year to year and cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a 
Foreign Currency Instrument are to be determined in the relevant non-U.S. currency. Where the taxpayer 
elects to include market discount in income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined 
for any accrual period in the relevant non-U.S. currency and then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis 
of the average rate in effect during the accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realised with respect to such 
accrued market discount shall be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest 
described above. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a 
current basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant non-U.S. currency. Exchange gain or 
loss is realised on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium 
amortised in the period in the same manner as on the sale, exchange or maturity of the Foreign Currency 
Instrument. Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. If the election 
is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or maturity of a Foreign Currency Instrument with 
amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a 
capital loss to the extent of the bond premium. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Instrument, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment 
to the U.S. Holder's tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value amount of the non-U.S. currency amount paid 
for such Foreign Currency Instrument, or of the non-U.S. currency amount of the adjustment, determined 
on the date of the purchase or adjustment. A U.S. Holder who purchases a Foreign Currency Instrument 
with previously owned non-U.S. currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an amount equal to 
the difference, if any, between such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the non-U.S. currency and the U.S. dollar 
fair market value of the Foreign Currency Instrument on the date of purchase. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or maturity of a Foreign Currency Instrument that is 
attributable to fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be 
treated as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal 
the difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency principal amount of the 
Instrument, determined on the date the payment is received or the Instrument is disposed of, and (ii) the 
U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency principal amount of the Instrument, determined on the date the 
U.S. Holder acquired the Instrument. Payments received attributable to accrued qualified stated interest 
will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on Foreign Currency 
Instruments described above. The non-U.S. currency gain or loss will be recognised only to the extent of 
the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or maturity of the Foreign 
Currency Instrument. The source of the non-U.S. currency gain or loss will be determined by reference to 
the residence of the U.S. Holder or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. Holder on whose books the 
Instrument is properly reflected. Any gain or loss realised by these U.S. Holders in excess of the non-U.S. 
currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except to the extent of any accrued market discount or, in 
the case of a short-term Instrument, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. 
Holder's income. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences 
of receiving payments in a currency different from the currency in which payments with respect to such 
Instrument accrue. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any non-U.S. currency received on the sale, exchange or maturity 
of a Foreign Currency Instrument equal to the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. currency, determined at 
the time of sale, exchange or maturity. A cash method taxpayer who buys or sells a Foreign Currency 
Instrument that is traded on an established securities market translates units of non-U.S. currency paid or 
received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale. Accordingly, no 
exchange gain or loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date 
of the purchase or sale. An accrual method taxpayer may elect the same treatment for all purchases and 
sales of non-U.S. currency obligations traded on an established securities market. This election cannot be 
changed without the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders of Instruments that are not traded on an established 
securities market and accrual method taxpayers that do not make the election with respect to Instruments 
that are, generally will recognise non-U.S. currency gain or loss with respect to the difference in value of 
such currency between the settlement and trade dates of their purchase or sales. Any gain or loss realised 
by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of non-U.S. currency (including its exchange for U.S. 
dollars or its use to purchase Foreign Currency Instruments) will be ordinary income or loss.

--- Page 203 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Instruments and the 
proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Instruments. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup 
withholding on these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and 
comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from backup 
withholding. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as 
a credit against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle them to a refund, 
provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation 
to the IRS. The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear. A U.S. Holder may be required 
to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Instruments as a reportable transaction if the loss 
exceeds U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher 
amounts for other U.S. Holders. In the event the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Instruments 
constitutes participation in a "reportable transaction" for purposes of these rules, a U.S. Holder will be 
required to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. Prospective purchasers should 
consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules to the acquisition, ownership or 
disposition of Instruments. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding any additional tax reporting or filing 
requirements they may have as a result of acquiring, owning, or disposing of the Instruments. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and 
may not be applicable depending upon an investor's particular situation. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership 
and disposition of the Instruments, including the tax consequences under state, local, non-U.S. and 
other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws.

--- Page 204 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that are subject 
to Title I of ERISA, including pension plans, profit-sharing plans, collective investment funds and 
separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans (collectively, 
"ERISA Plans"), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans.  ERISA also 
imposes limits on transactions between ERISA Plans and their service providers or other "related parties". 
Each ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider ERISA and the regulations and guidance thereunder when 
considering an investment in any interest in the Instruments.  Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans, as well as other 
"plans" and arrangements within the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with 
ERISA Plans, "Plans"), should also consider, among other items, the issues described below when 
deciding whether to invest in any interest in the Instruments. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT WRITTEN FOR ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR, AND IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE NEEDS OF ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR.  NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE PAYING AGENTS, 
THE REGISTRARS, THE TRANSFER AGENTS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS 
UNDERTAKEN TO PROVIDE IMPARTIAL INVESTMENT ADVICE OR TO GIVE ADVICE IN A 
FIDUCIARY CAPACITY, AND NONE OF THESE PARTIES HAS OR SHALL PROVIDE ANY 
ADVICE OR RECOMMENDATION WITH RESPECT TO THE MANAGEMENT OF ANY 
INVESTMENT OR THE ADVISABILITY OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, DISPOSING OR 
EXCHANGING OF ANY SUCH INVESTMENT.  THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS GENERAL 
IN NATURE, IS NOT INTENDED TO BE ALL INCLUSIVE AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED 
AS LEGAL ADVICE.  EACH PLAN FIDUCIARY SHOULD TALK TO ITS LEGAL ADVISER 
ABOUT THE CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED IN THIS SECTION BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY 
INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS.  APPLICABLE LAWS GOVERNING THE INVESTMENT 
AND MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS OF GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. AND 
OTHER BENEFIT PLANS MAY ALSO CONTAIN FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS.  ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF SUCH 
PLANS, IN CONSULTATION WITH THEIR ADVISERS, SHOULD CONSIDER THE IMPACT OF 
SUCH LAWS ON AN INVESTMENT IN ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS. 
Fiduciary Duty of Investing ERISA Plans 
Under ERISA, a person who exercises discretionary authority or control regarding the management or 
disposition of an ERISA Plan's assets is generally considered a fiduciary of such an ERISA Plan.  
Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, which should be 
considered in the context of the ERISA Plan's particular facts and circumstances.  In considering an 
investment in any interest in the Instruments, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider, among other 
factors: (i) whether the investment would satisfy the diversification requirements of Section 404 of 
ERISA; (ii) whether the investment is prudent with respect to the Instrument's structure and the 
investment's potential risks and lack of liquidity; (iii) whether the investment would be consistent with the 
documents and instruments governing the ERISA Plan; and (iv) whether the investment would involve a 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (as discussed below). 
When evaluating the prudence of investing in any interest in the Instruments, an ERISA Plan fiduciary 
should consider the U.S. Department of Labor (the "DOL") regulation on investment duties, which can be 
found at 29 C.F.R. § 2550.404a-1.  ERISA also requires an ERISA Plan fiduciary to maintain for the 
ERISA Plan's assets an indicia of ownership within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Courts. 
Prohibited Transactions 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit transactions involving the assets of Plans 
and certain persons and their affiliates having certain relationships to such Plans, including a Plan's 
fiduciaries and other service providers (referred to as "parties in interest" within the meaning of Section 
3(14) of ERISA and "disqualified persons" within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code, and 
collectively, "Parties in Interest").

--- Page 205 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
Whether or not the underlying assets of the Issuer are deemed to include assets of a Plan, an investment in 
any interest in the Instruments by a Plan with respect to which any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction 
Party") is considered a Party in Interest may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, unless a statutory or 
administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. 
The Transaction Parties may be Parties in Interest with respect to many Plans.  The applicability of any 
exemption to the prohibited transaction rules will depend, in part, on the type of the Plan fiduciary 
making the decision to invest in any interest in the Instruments and the circumstances under which any 
such decision is made.  Included among the exemptions are the administrative exemptions of Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (for certain transactions determined or effected by 
independent "qualified professional asset managers"), PTCE 90-1 (for certain transactions involving 
insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 91-38 (for certain transactions involving bank 
collective investment funds), PTCE 95-60 (for transactions involving certain insurance company general 
accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (for plan asset transactions managed by "in-house asset managers") and the 
statutory exemptions of Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (for the 
purchase and sale of securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the 
securities nor any of its affiliates has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any 
investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan involved in the transaction (in other words, not a 
fiduciary) and provided further that the Plan pays no more than and receives no less than "adequate 
consideration" in connection with the transaction). 
The fiduciary of a Plan that proposes to acquire any interest in the Instruments should consider, among 
other things, whether any such acquisition may involve: (i) a direct or indirect extension of credit to a 
Party in Interest; (ii) a sale or exchange of any property between a Plan and a Party in Interest; or (iii) a 
transfer to, or use by or for the benefit of, a Party in Interest of a Plan's assets.  In this regard, there can be 
no assurance that any of these administrative or statutory exemptions will be available with respect to any 
transaction involving any interest in the Instruments.  Most of these exemptions do not provide relief from 
some or all of the self-dealing prohibitions under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Similar Plans 
"Governmental plans" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, "church plans" within the meaning 
of Section 3(33) of ERISA that have made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code and non-U.S. 
plans described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA (any such plan, a "Similar Plan"), while not subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code, may nevertheless be subject to a U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or regulation that is 
substantially similar to the foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code (any such law or regulation, a 
"Similar Law").  Fiduciaries of such Similar Plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing 
any interest in the Instruments. 
Representations and Warranties 
The Instruments issued under this Programme may generally not be held by: (i) a Plan; or (ii) any person 
or entity whose underlying assets are deemed for purpose of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
to include assets of any such Plan by reason of the DOL regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise (each of (i)-(ii), a "Benefit Plan Investor"), unless the 
particular issuance of the Instruments becoming considered as an investment by a Benefit Plan Investor 
will be treated as indebtedness without substantial equity characteristics for purposes of Title I of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code (any such permitted issuance, an "ERISA-Permitted Issuance"). 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Instruments will be required to represent and agree or 
be deemed to have represented and agreed that either: (i) it is not and for so long as it holds any interest in 
the Instruments will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or 
(ii) provided that any interest in the Instruments are purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the 
purchase and holding of any interest in the Instruments does not and will not constitute or result in a non-
exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of 
any applicable Similar Law.

--- Page 206 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Instruments that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be 
deemed to have represented by its acquisition of any interest in the Instruments that (i) none of the 
Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit 
Plan Investor, or any fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who 
otherwise has discretion or authority over the investment and management of "plan assets" (a "Plan 
Fiduciary"), on which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the 
decision to acquire any interest in the Instruments; (ii) the Transaction Parties are not acting as a 
"fiduciary" within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code to the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of any 
interest in the Instruments; and (iii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in 
evaluating the transaction. 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Instruments has exclusive responsibility for ensuring 
that its purchase and holding of any interest in the Instruments does not violate the prohibited transaction 
rules of Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Law.  The sale of any 
interest in the Instruments to a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law is 
in no respect a representation by the Transaction Parties that such an investment meets all relevant 
requirements with respect to Benefit Plan Investors or Similar Plans that are subject to any Similar Law 
generally or any particular Benefit Plan Investor or Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law, or that 
such an investment is appropriate for Benefit Plan Investors or Similar Plans that are subject to any 
Similar Law generally or any particular Benefit Plan Investor or Similar Plan that is subject to any or 
Similar Law. 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and not intended to be all-inclusive. Prospective investors 
should consult with their own legal, tax, financial and other advisers prior to investing in an Instrument 
to review these implications in light of such investor's particular circumstances.

--- Page 207 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the "Authorised Offeror Terms") will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of 
Instruments, if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable". They are the Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the "Acceptance 
Statement" to be published on the website of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make 
such offers under the EU MiFID II and (b) accepts such offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on 
its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable 
regulatory bodies (the "Rules") including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating 
to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Instruments by any person 
and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(ii) 
complies with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any further relevant requirements 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
complies with any target market and distribution channels identified under the "EU MiFID 
product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Instruments does not violate the 
Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(v) 
holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Instruments under the Rules; 
(vi) 
immediately informs SEK and any relevant Dealer if at any relevant time it becomes aware 
or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules; 
(vii) 
complies with, and takes appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and "know your client" Rules, and does not permit any 
application for Instruments in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicions as to the source of the purchase monies; 
(viii) 
retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to SEK and the relevant Dealer or directly to the appropriate 
authorities with jurisdiction over SEK and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable SEK 
and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know 
your client" Rules applying to SEK and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(ix) 
does not, directly or indirectly, cause SEK or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or 
subject SEK or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(x) 
does not use the legal or publicity names of SEK or the relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, 
brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over 
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements (oral or written), 
marketing material or documentation in relation to the Instruments; 
(xi) 
does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as may be 
amended or supplemented by SEK from time to time) or make any representation in 
connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Instruments; 
(xii) 
agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any announcement 
published by SEK at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus,

--- Page 208 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules 
and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from SEK and 
must expressly confirm that SEK has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any 
such communication; 
(xiii) 
does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, SEK or any other name, 
brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups or any material over 
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements (oral or written), 
marketing material or documentation in relation to the Instruments; 
(xiv) 
agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 10(viii) of Part B of the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(xv) 
ensure that no holder of Instruments or potential Investor in Instruments will become an 
indirect or direct client of SEK or the relevant Dealer(s) for the purposes of any applicable 
Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by the 
relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary 
shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(xvi) 
co-operates with SEK and the relevant Dealer(s) in providing such information (including, 
without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (h) above) upon 
written request from SEK or the relevant Dealer(s) as is available to such financial 
intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time, together with such 
further assistance as is reasonably requested by SEK or the relevant Dealer(s): 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to 
the Instruments, SEK or the Dealers; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by SEK and/or any Dealer relating 
to SEK and/or the Dealers or another Authorised Offeror including, without 
limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by any relevant regulator of 
competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
(iii) 
which SEK or any Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation 
to the Instruments and/or as to allow SEK or the relevant Dealer(s) fully to 
comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time 
frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(xvii) 
during the primary distribution period of the Instruments, will: 
(i) 
not sell the Instruments at any price other than the Issue Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer(s)); 
(ii) 
not sell the Instruments otherwise than for settlement on the Issue Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer(s)); 
(iv) 
not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties 
in relation to the offering or sale of the Instruments (unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Dealer(s)); and 
(v) 
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and 
specified by the Dealers; 
(xviii) 
will either: 
(i) 
obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Instruments; 
or

--- Page 209 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
(ii) 
keep a record of all requests it: 
(A) 
makes for its discretionary management clients; 
(B) 
receives from its advisory clients; and 
(C) 
receives from its execution- only clients, 
in each case prior to making any order for the Instruments on their behalf, and in each 
case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(xix) 
will make available to each potential Investor in the Instruments this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any other information materials provided by or on behalf of SEK 
for such purpose, and will not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or 
entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(xx) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any other information materials provided by or on behalf of SEK 
for the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, 
will ensure that such communication: 
(i) 
is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules; 
(ii) 
states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication 
independently of SEK, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for 
such communication and that none of SEK and the relevant Dealer(s) accepts 
any responsibility for such communication; and 
(iii) 
does not, without the prior written consent of SEK or the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
applicable), use the legal or publicity names of SEK or the relevant Dealer(s) or 
any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective 
groups, except to describe SEK as issuer of the relevant Instruments. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if SEK incurs any liability, damages, cost, loss or 
expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and any value added tax 
thereon) (a "Loss") arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of any of the 
foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing undertakings then 
the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to SEK on demand an amount equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(i) 
the contract between SEK and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
financial intermediary of the offer of SEK to use this Base Prospectus with their consent in 
connection with the relevant Public Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(ii) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(iii) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the

--- Page 210 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
Authorised Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror 
Contract; and 
(iv) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not a 
party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror Contract 
at any time.

--- Page 211 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
SEK was incorporated in Sweden on 3 September 1962. SEK is registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) in Sundsvall with registered number 556084-
0315. SEK is subject to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and the 
Swedish Act on Banking and Financing Activities (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och 
finansieringsrörelse). 
2. 
Application has been made for the Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
However, Instruments may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or 
which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing 
authorities stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as SEK and the relevant Dealer(s) may 
agree. 
3. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
SEK passed on 30 January 1991. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of SEK passed on 26 March 2024. 
4. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of SEK is 1FOLRR5RWTWWI397R131. 
5. 
SEK is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which SEK is aware) during 
the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of SEK and the Group. 
6. 
The consolidated financial statements of SEK as at 31 December 2023, set out in the 2023 20-F 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by Öhrlings 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB ("PwC"), as stated in the auditor's report also incorporated by 
reference herein. PwC is authorised by The Supervisory Board of Public Accountants – 
Revisorsnämnden. The 2024 Annual General Meeting elected Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers 
AB as auditor of SEK, with auditor authorised public accountant Peter Sott as principal auditor. 
7. 
The consolidated financial statements of SEK as at 31 December 2022, set out in the 2022 20-F 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by PwC, as stated in the 
auditor's report also incorporated by reference herein. PwC is authorised by The Supervisory 
Board of Public Accountants – Revisorsnämnden. The 2022 Annual General Meeting elected 
Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor of SEK, with auditor authorised public 
accountant Anneli Granqvist as principal auditor and authorised public accountant Peter Sott as 
co-signing. 
8. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SEK since 31 December 2023, nor 
has there been any significant change in the financial position or performance of SEK and the 
Group, which has occurred since 31 December 2023. 
9. 
The following documents or copies thereof (together with, where applicable, certified English 
translations thereof) may be in the case of paragraph (i) to (iii), available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and inspected (and in the case of 
(iv), (v) and (vi) will be available free of charge) during normal business hours at the specified 
offices of the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and the registered 
office of SEK namely: 
(i) 
SEK's Articles of Association; 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(iii) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement;

--- Page 212 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
(iv) 
the audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual report prepared for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022, such report having been audited by PwC and all 
subsequent publicly available audited consolidated and unconsolidated reports and unaudited 
quarterly financial statements (if any) of SEK; 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto and all documents containing 
information that is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; 
(vi) 
any Final Terms and any calculation agency agreement between SEK and the Calculation 
Agent (if any) relating to Instruments which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any stock exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system. In the case of any 
Instruments which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any stock 
exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms and 
the relevant calculation agency agreement between SEK and the Calculation Agent (if any) 
will only be available for inspection by a Holder of or, as the case may be, a Relevant 
Account Holder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in respect of, such Instruments; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between SEK and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Instruments in NGI form).  
10. 
SEK's website is https://www.sek.se/en/. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website of 
SEK does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
SEK currently produces audited interim financial reports in respect of the first three quarters in 
each year and an unaudited interim financial report in respect of the last quarter in each year. 
12. 
The Instruments will be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, accepted for clearance through 
ESw as Swedish Central Depositary (in the case of ESw Instruments), EFi (in the case of EFi 
Instruments and VP (in the case of VP Instruments), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. In 
addition, SEK may make an application for any Registered Instruments to be cleared through 
DTC to be accepted for trading in book-entry form in DTC. The appropriate common code, the 
International Securities Identification Number, and (if applicable and available at the time of 
issuance of relevant Instruments) CUSIP number, Financial Instrument Short Name and/or 
Classification of Financial Instruments code in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be 
specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as has accepted the relevant 
Instruments for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
13. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between SEK, the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal 
Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar in relation to each Series of Instruments. 
14. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this document comes are required by SEK and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. 
15. 
SEK has not entered into any contracts outside of the ordinary course of business that have had 
or may reasonably be expected to have a material effect on its business or that could result in 
SEK being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to SEK's ability to meet its 
obligations to the holders of the Instruments in respect of the Instruments being issued. 
16. 
In additions to the applications already described in this Base Prospectus, SEK may, on or after 
the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more further certificates of 
approval under the EU Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Luxembourg to be issued by the 
CSSF to the competent authority in any Relevant State. 
17. 
For Instruments issued under the Programme for which a prospectus is required for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, no Instruments may be issued which (a) have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the

--- Page 213 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
right to acquire shares (or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by SEK or by any 
entity to whose group SEK belongs. Subject thereto, Instruments will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
18. 
Where Instruments have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by SEK in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Instruments is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by SEK in the United Kingdom, such Instruments must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by SEK. 
19. 
Instruments may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Instruments to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by SEK and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant 
Instruments or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Instruments, the 
issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if 
interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of 
the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Instruments bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms will be calculated on the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual 
basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
20. 
SEK does not intend to provide post-issuance information under paragraph 3.1 of Annex 17 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.

--- Page 214 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
APMs are key performance indicators that are not defined under IFRS or in the Capital Requirements 
Directive IV (CRD IV) or in regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (CRR). SEK has chosen to present these, either because they are in 
common use within the industry or because they accord with SEK's assignment from the Swedish 
government. The APMs are used internally to monitor and manage operations, and are not considered to 
be directly comparable with similar key performance indicators presented by other companies. SEK's 
APMs are described below together with definitions and the reasoning behind their use. 
After-tax return on equity 
Net profit, expressed as a percentage per annum of the current year's 
average equity (calculated using the opening and closing balances for the 
reporting period).  
 
The return on equity aims to provide those reading the financial 
statements with relevant information about SEK's profitability. 
Average interest-bearing 
assets 
This item includes cash and cash equivalents, treasuries/government 
bonds, other interest-bearing securities except loans, loans in the form of 
interest-bearing securities, loans to credit institutions and loans to the 
public, and is calculated using the opening and closing balances for the 
reporting period.  
 
Average interest-bearing assets aims to provide the reader with an image 
of which assets generated interest income during the reporting period. 
Average interest-bearing 
liabilities 
This item includes outstanding senior debt and subordinated securities 
issued and is calculated using the opening and closing balances for the 
reporting period.  
 
Average interest-bearing liabilities aims to provide the reader with an 
image of which assets generated an interest expense during the reporting 
period. 
Binding offers outstanding 
Please see "New lending (offers accepted)" on page 26 (Part I) of the 2023 
20-F.  
C/I ratio 
Operating expenses for the reporting period in relation to net interest and 
commission income.  
 
The C/I ratio aims to provide the reader with an image of SEK's cost-
efficiency by showing operating expenses in relation to net income. 
CIRR loan as percentage 
of volume of binding offers 
outstanding 
Binding offers outstanding attributable to the system for officially 
supported export credits (CIRR) divided by total binding offers 
outstanding. 
 
This metric aims to provide the reader with an understanding of the 
proportion of total binding offers that comprise CIRR loans 
CIRR-loans as percentage 
of new lending 
New lending for the period attributable to the system for officially 
supported export credits (CIRR) divided by new lending in the same 
reporting period. 
 
This metric aims to provide the reader with an understanding of the 
proportion of officially supported export credits (CIRR) of new lending  
during the reporting period. 
Common Equity Tier 1 
capital ratio 
The capital ratio is the quotient of total common equity tier 1 capital and 
the total risk exposure amount. This metric is a requirement in CRD IV 
and CRR. 
Dividend per share 
The dividend for the year dividend by the number of shares outstanding. 
New lending 
New lending includes all new committed loans, irrespective of tenor. Not 
all new lending is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows since certain 
portions comprise committed undisbursed loans (see Note 11 on page F-
39 (Part III) of the 2023 20-F). The amounts reported for committed 
undisbursed loans may change when presented in the Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Position due to changes in exchange rates, for 
example.  
 
New lending aims to provide the reader with an image of the inflow of 
new business during the reporting period. 
New long-term borrowing 
New borrowings with maturities exceeding one year, for which the

--- Page 215 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
amounts are based on the trade date. 
 
The metric aims to provide the reader with an understanding of the scope 
of new long-term borrowings raised during the period. 
Leverage ratio 
Tier 1 capital expressed as a percentage of the exposure measured under 
CRR (refer to Note 25 on page F-52 (Part III) of the 2023 20-F). This 
metric is a requirement in CRD IV and CRR. 
Liquidity coverage ratio 
(LCR) 
The liquidity coverage ratio is a liquidity metric that shows SEK's highly 
liquid assets in relation to the Company's net cash outflows for the next 30 
calendar days. A LCR of 100 per cent. means that the Company's liquidity 
reserve is of sufficient size to enable the Company to manage stressed 
liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days. Unlike the Swedish FSA's 
rules, the EU rules take into account the outflows that correspond to the 
need to pledge collateral for derivatives that would arise as a result of the 
effects of a negative market scenario. This metric is a requirement in CRD 
IV and CRR. 
Loans commitments 
outstanding but 
undisbursed 
Please see "New lending (offers accepted)" on page 26 (Part I) of the 2023 
20-F.  
Loans outstanding and 
disbursed - Percentage in 
the CIRR-system 
Loans outstanding and disbursed attributable to the State supported 
System divided by total loans outstanding and disbursed.  
 
This metric aims to provide the reader with an understanding of the 
proportion of total loans outstanding and disbursed that comprise CIRR 
loans. 
Loans, outstanding and 
undisbursed 
The total of loans in the form of interest-bearing securities, loans to credit 
institutions, loans to the public and loans outstanding and undisbursed. 
Deduction is made for cash collateral under the security agreements for 
derivative contracts and deposits with time to maturity exceeding three 
months. See the Statement of Financial Position on page F-5 (Part III) of 
the 2023 20-F and Note 23 on page F-51 (Part III) of the 2023 20-F.  
 
In SEK's assessment, loans outstanding together with undisbursed loans 
comprise one metric for SEK's lending volumes. 
Net stable funding ratio 
(NSFR) 
This ratio measures stable funding in relation to the Company's illiquid 
assets over a one-year, stressed scenario in accordance with Basel III. The 
metric is a requirement in CRD IV and CRR. 
New lending green loans 
New lending green loans includes all new committed loans, irrespective of 
tenor, categorised as green under SEK's framework for green bonds and 
green loans finance products or services that lead to significant and 
demonstrable progress toward the goal of sustainable development. Not 
all new green lending is reported in the Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows since 
certain portions comprise committed undisbursed loans. This metric aims 
to provide the reader with an understanding of the inflow of new business 
during the reporting period. 
Outstanding senior debt 
The total of borrowings from credit institutions, borrowing from the 
public and debt securities issued.  
 
This metric aims to provide the reader with information regarding the 
scope of the senior debt issued by SEK at the end of the reporting period. 
Proposed ordinary 
dividend 
Proposed payment of disposable funds to shareholders. This metric aims 
to provide the reader with an understanding of proposed dividend. 
Repurchase and early 
redemption of own long-
term debt 
Please see the Statement of Cash Flows in the Consolidated Group on 
page F-7 (Part III) of the 2023 20-F.  
Tier 1 capital ratio 
The capital ratio is the quotient of total tier 1 capital and the total risk 
exposure amount. This metric is a requirement in CRD IV and CRR. 
Total capital ratio 
The capital ratio is the quotient of total Own funds and the total risk 
exposure amount. This metric is a requirement in CRD IV and CRR. 
Total debt 
Sum of borrowing from credit institutions, borrowing from the public, 
senior securities issued and subordinated securities issued. 
 
This metric aims to provide the reader with information regarding the

--- Page 216 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
scope of the debt issued by SEK at the end of the reporting period. 
Total loans 
outstanding/Loans 
outstanding and disbursed 
Please see Note 11 on page F-39 (Part III) of the 2023 20-F.  
Volume of green bonds 
issued during the 
period 
Volume of green bonds issued is new borrowings during the period 
categorised as green under SEK's Green Bond Framework. The metric is 
based on the trade date. Amounts in the Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows are shown based on settlement dates. Differences can occur 
between these amounts, since trade dates and settlement dates can differ 
and occur in different reporting periods. This metric aims to provide the 
reader with an understanding of new green borrowings raised during the 
period.

--- Page 217 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF SEK 
Fleminggatan 20 
SE112 26 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel: +46 8 613 8300 
 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Bank of Montreal Europe plc 
2 Harbourmaster Place 
6th floor IFSC 
Dublin 1, Ireland 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 Montrouge Cedex, 92547 Cedex 
France 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London EI4 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
RBC Europe Limited  
100 Bishopsgate  
London EC2N 4AA  
United Kingdom 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Main Tower, 18th Floor  
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 218 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th Floor 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Tokai Tokyo Securities Europe Limited 
4th Floor, Salisbury House 
London Wall 
London EC2M 5QQ 
United Kingdom 
AGENTS 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
DTC REGISTRAR 
 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
One Columbus Circle, New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
 
PAYING AGENT 
(except for Scandinavian Instruments) 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENT and TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
One Columbus Circle, New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To SEK as to Swedish law 
CMS Wistrand Advokatbyrå 
Regeringsgatan 65 
P.O. Box 7543 
SE-103 93 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 219 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
 
ISSUING AGENTS IN RESPECT OF SCANDINAVIAN INSTRUMENTS 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Euroclear Finland Ltd 
Urho Kekkosen Katu SC 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
VP Securities A/S 
Weidekampsgade 14 
P.O. Box 4040 
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark