--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 15 March 2023 
 
AKZO NOBEL N.V. 
(incorporated in the Netherlands as a public company with limited liability having its corporate seat in Amsterdam) 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), Akzo Nobel N.V. (“AkzoNobel” or the “Issuer”) subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”).  
 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority for the approval of this 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 
2019 relating to prospectuses for securities, as amended (the “Prospectus Law”). The CSSF has only approved the Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such application does not extend 
to money market instruments (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) having a maturity of less than one year. As such, no money market instruments having a maturity 
at issue of less than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Prospectus. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF 
does not give any undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) 
of the Luxembourg law.  
 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. References in this Prospectus to Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note 
in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note” and, together with a temporary Global 
Note, the “Global Notes”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be 
issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche (as defined in “General 
Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Form of 
Notes”) issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche with (i) in the case of a Series of Notes intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) in the case of a Series of Notes intended to be cleared through the Central Moneymarkets Unit 
Service, operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the “CMU”, and such Notes, “CMU Notes”)), with a sub-custodian for the CMU. 
 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of Provisions relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, AkzoNobel has a long term senior unsecured debt rating of “BBB” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and “Baa2” by 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”). The Programme has been rated “BBB” by S&P and “Baa2” by Moody’s. Moody’s and S&P are established in the European 
Union (the “EU”) and are registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”). Further 
information relating to the registration of rating agencies under the CRA Regulation can be found on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and may not 
necessarily be the same as the rating of the Programme. The ratings of each of S&P and Moody’s are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited respectively, each of which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Whether or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as 
having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any Notes may adversely affect the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website 
of the Issuer (www.akzonobel.com). For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned websites does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
 
Arranger for the Programme  
NATWEST MARKETS 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BOFA SECURITIES 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
SEB 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK AG

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
In this Prospectus, references to the “Issuer” are to AkzoNobel and references to “Group” are to AkzoNobel and its 
subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole and references in this Prospectus to the “Issuer” and the “Group” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of 
the Issuer and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Group and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(A) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series 
of Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”). The Issuer will 
make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purpose of 
section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” 
for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of 
this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger or the Trustee (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the 
delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date and 
shall expire on 15 March 2024, at the latest, in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) or (ii) on a regulated market or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)) have access within 
the UK or offered to the public in the UK pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes). 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and 
include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger or the Trustee (as defined in 
“General Description of the Programme”) accept any responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus or for any 
other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with 
the Issuer, or the issue and offering of the Notes or any responsibility for any act or omission of the Issuer or 
any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of any Notes. The 
Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or 
otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or any such 
statement. Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase 
the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger or the Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or 
the Arranger.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to (i) “€” and “euro” are to 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union as defined in Article 2 
of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro; (ii) “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States 
of America and the District of Columbia (the “U.S.” and the “United States”); (iii) “CNY”, “RMB” and “Renminbi” 
are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”); (iv) “£” and “pounds sterling” are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the “UK”); and (iv) “HK$” and “Hong 
Kong dollar” are to the currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) which are 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of EURIBOR), the Bank of England 
(as administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) or any other 
benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrator 
of EURIBOR, EMMI, is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “ESMA Benchmarks 
Register”) established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the “EU BMR”) and the register 
of administrators and benchmarks (the “UK Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by the FCA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the EU BMR as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”). As at the 
date of this Prospectus, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York do not appear on the ESMA 
Benchmarks Register established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the Bank of England (as administer of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as 
administrator of SOFR) are not required to be registered under the ESMA Benchmarks Register by virtue of Article 2 
of the EU BMR or the UK Benchmarks Register by virtue of Article 2 of the UK BMR. 
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the ESMA 
Benchmarks Register and/or the UK Benchmarks Register. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law and/or regulation, the Issuer does not intend to update the Prospectus or any 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Issuer complies with the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 5 October 2015 by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
and which came into force on 3 July 2016. Certain alternative performance measures ("APMs") are included or 
referred to in this Prospectus. APMs are not defined by IFRS, which exclude the so-called identified items. Identified 
items are special charges and benefits, results on acquisitions and divestments, major restructuring and impairment

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
charges, and charges and benefits related to major legal, environmental and tax cases. These APMs should not be 
viewed in isolation as alternatives to the equivalent IFRS measures and should be used as supplementary information 
in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS measures. APMs do not have a standardized meaning under 
IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Where a non-financial 
measure is used to calculate an operational or statistical ratio, this is also considered an APM. The assumptions 
underlying the APMs have not been audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ("ISAs") or any 
generally accepted auditing standard. In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider the financial 
statements incorporated by reference. Although certain of this data has been extracted or derived from the financial 
statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, this data has not been audited or reviewed by the Group's 
independent auditors. 
AkzoNobel uses APM adjustments to the IFRS measures to provide supplementary information on reporting on the 
underlying developments of the business. These APM adjustments may affect the IFRS measures operating income, 
net profit and earnings per share. A reconciliation of the APMs to the most directly comparable IFRS measures can be 
found in the tables for adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings from continuing operations at pages  and 
 of the Issuer’s annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021 and at pages 111 and 112of the Issuer’s annual 
report for the year ended 31 December 2022, both incorporated by reference herein. 
Suitability of investment - Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall financial portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Notes can be relatively complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
these sorts of financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase them as a way to reduce risk or enhance 
yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how such 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................. 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................. 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................... 28 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................................. 73 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................................... 80 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF AKZONOBEL ........................................................................................................... 81 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP .............................................................................................. 88 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................................... 91 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS .................................................................................................................................... 98 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................................................... 103 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................................... 109 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................................... 127

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus. Akzo Nobel N.V. and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only, a new Prospectus or a 
supplement to the Prospectus, will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended. 
Issuer: 
Akzo Nobel N.V. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
724500XYIJUGXAA5QD70 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Société Générale 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement. References in this 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons 
listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer 
in respect of one or more Tranches.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent 
and Calculation Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
CMU Lodging Agent: 
Citicorp International Limited 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each 
a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes 
of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant Conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on 
issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes 
are to be made available to Noteholders following the 
expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes 
have an initial maturity of more than one year and are 
being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined 
in “Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche 
will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are 
registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, CMU and, in 
relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global Note or 
Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant Global 
Certificate is not held under the NSS or is not intended to 
be cleared through CMU, the Global Note representing 
Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and in the case of a Tranche of Notes 
intended to be cleared through the CMU, deposited with a 
sub-custodian for the CMU. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside 
any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the 
name of nominees or a common nominee for such 
clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity 
of one month. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the 
case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation (in case of amendments to the 
Prospectus 
Regulation, 
to 
the 
extent 
that 
such 
amendments have been implemented in the relevant 
Member State of the EEA), the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of such Notes), or 
(ii) in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or a specific segment of a 
regulated market to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) have access 
within the UK or offered to the public in the UK pursuant

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of such Notes), and (iii) unless otherwise permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in pounds sterling) which have a maturity of 
less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR (or 
such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, will determine 
a Successor Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j). Upon 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(k). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in pounds sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Redemption upon a Change of Control Put Event: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders upon 
the occurrence of a Change of Control as further 
described in “Terms and Conditions – Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders on a Put Event”. 
Redemption upon occurrence of Special Redemption 
Event: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event as further 
described in “Terms and Conditions – Redemption on the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call)”.  
Status of the Notes: 
Subject always to the conditions described in “Terms and 
Conditions – Negative Pledge”, the Notes will constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status 
of the Notes”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge”. 
Cross Default: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default”. 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated “BBB” by S&P and 
“Baa2” by Moody’s. 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity only for tax reasons. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, Purchase and 
Options”. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of The Netherlands, unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
shall, subject to certain exceptions, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding been required, 
all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Taxation”. 
Additional Issuers: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting additional 
issuers to be added to the Programme. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them, will be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes 
may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the EEA (including, without 
limitation, The Netherlands and France), the United 
Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, 
The People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that Notes are issued in

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a 
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Risk factors which are specific to the 
Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the 
remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually materialising, of 
the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of these risks described below 
simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided 
into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully 
consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. In this 
Prospectus, references to “we”, “us” or “our” refer to the Group. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Unless otherwise specified by reference to AkzoNobel, the risks described below apply in the Group context. 
A. Strategic risks 
1. Global economy  
The Group is active in over 150 countries and conducts business in many currencies. As a result, one of the principal 
uncertainties facing the Group is the development of the global economy (both in mature and high growth markets), 
how this will affect the Group’s business and results of operations, and the timing of that impact. The Group can also 
be affected by prevailing economic conditions impacting specific end-user segments. Higher raw material and energy 
prices in a deteriorated macro-economic environment may push the global economy into recession. Higher interest 
rates enacted to curb inflation in a recessionary environment may result in a prolonged macro-economic downturn, 
leading to local currency devaluations, high inflation, customer de-stocking and a reduction in volume and margin. 
Macro-economic factors, such as an impending recession and a decline in consumer confidence, that have an impact 
on expenditure by customers, demand for our products and the availability and cost of credit, can have an effect on the 
Group’s business and results of operations. 
In addition, fiscal imbalances continue to drive instability in the financial markets, which may further adversely affect 
the global, regional or national economies in the markets in which the Group operates. 
Further, we are exposed to a variety of risks associated with international operations, many of them beyond our 
control, which could adversely affect our business. Growth of our business in emerging markets and international 
markets generally, will further expose us to these risks. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 
(a) 
tariffs and trade barriers in the markets we operate;

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
(b) 
exchange controls impacting our business operations; 
(c) 
fluctuations in national currencies (as described further in “Financial Risks ‒ Exchange rate fluctuations” 
below); 
(d) 
geo-political or social developments may impact the production, distribution and sale of our products; 
(e) 
national and regional labour disputes may impact the production, distribution and sale of our products; 
(f) 
compliance with local laws, regulations and standards (as described further in “Legal and regulatory risks” 
below);  
(g) 
the difficulty of enforcing legal claims and agreements through some foreign legal systems;  
(h) 
the outbreak and containment measures of a pandemic; and 
(i) 
war or armed conflict, which may directly and indirectly impact our business operations in the markets we 
operate in. 
Unfavourable developments in one or more of these areas could adversely affect the Group’s business and results of 
operations. 
2. Geo-politics and Covid-19  
The Group is affected by global macroeconomic uncertainty, which has increased due to, among others, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic and the direct and indirect effects of those events. An unpredictable 
geo-political situation, with its impact on supply and demand, as well as the highly competitive markets in which we 
operate, can increase the risk of volatility across markets and may impact the Group’s revenues in affected regions. 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has raised geo-political and macro-economic uncertainties. A protracted Russia-Ukraine 
conflict may adversely impact the global economy in general and Europe in particular. Following imposition of the 
EU sanctions, the majority of the Group’s coating activities in Russia were suspended and the residual Russian 
business has been localised, with the Group no longer providing financial support to that residual Russian business, 
which amounts to 2 per cent. of 2022 revenues. Further escalation of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and 
increasing geopolitical tensions in other regions, and the direct and indirect effects thereof, might negatively affect the 
Group’s business and results of operations. 
COVID-19 management has remained a focus throughout 2022. All AkzoNobel locations follow the guidance from 
local authorities. Nearly all countries where AkzoNobel operates have lifted COVID-19 related restrictions, most 
recently China. Emergence of new vaccine resistant strains, resurgence of COVID-19 in China, or other parts in the 
world, might result in the reintroduction of Zero-COVID policies, and renewed economic restrictions could negatively 
affect the Group’s business and results of operations. 
For information on higher input prices and supply constraints, which may be impacted by COVID-19 developments 
see “Risk Factors – Operational Risks – Changes in Supply and Demand”. 
3. Competition, acquisition and disposals 
We have a wide portfolio of business units competing across a diverse range of geographical and product markets and 
we compete with other multinational corporations which have significant financial resources. Having a strong position 
in those parts of the world where our markets are growing is one of the cornerstones of our strategy. A global 
presence, in combination with locally tailored go-to-market models, is an essential ingredient for success. Further, our 
success depends upon sustainable growth of our business through research and development, data analytics, 
innovation, production and sale of new products. If we are not able to identify and adopt or exploit transforming

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
technologies in a timely manner, this may lead to the loss of our leadership positions. This could also arise as a result 
of infringements in our intellectual property or loss of key personnel and their technological knowledge. We may be 
unable to compete effectively if our competitors’ resources are applied to change their areas of focus, enter new 
markets, reduce prices, or to increase investments in marketing or the development and launch of new products. 
Increased competition in the markets in which we operate may adversely affect the Group’s business and results of 
operations. 
Consolidation in the Paints and Coatings industry may affect existing market dynamics. Acquisitions by competitors 
of entities, and consolidation among customers or suppliers, within various value chains in which the Group operates 
(horizontal and/or vertical), may also impact the Group’s competitive position and adversely affect the Group and its 
business. Further consolidation in the ownership of entities within such value chains could reduce the availability of 
opportunities for the Group to make future strategic acquisitions. This may result in acquisitions and other corporate 
transactions becoming economically unattractive. 
Aside from the above, the Group carries out acquisitions and disposals of businesses and brands from time to time 
(such as the transactions described in “Business Description of AkzoNobel”). We are selectively participating in 
industry consolidation, and in so doing, we may look to carry out selective acquisitions and we may hold assets for 
sale. Acquisition and divestment opportunities and the management of assets held for sale are kept under review by 
the Executive Committee of AkzoNobel. The rationale for these may be based on incorrect assumptions or 
conclusions and they may not realise the anticipated benefits or there may be other unanticipated or unintended 
effects. In addition, significant liabilities may not be identified in due diligence or may come to light after the expiry 
of warranty or indemnity periods, or it may not prove practicable to secure or enforce warranty or indemnity 
protection (see “Description of the Business of the Group – Litigation – Claims and litigation” for further 
information). These factors may also adversely affect the Group’s business and results of operations. 
B. Operational risks 
1. Changes in supply and demand (increased costs due to supply disruptions, shortage of key raw material 
and energy prices) 
Supply disruptions due to worldwide supply shortages, business models rendered unsustainable due to increasing 
energy costs, climate change impacts, catastrophic events on the suppliers’ side and logistical constraints impact our 
ability to access raw materials and may cause business interruptions which require continuous attention to protect our 
service levels to our customers. Risks may increase due to significant raw material price increases or costs inflation, 
and as a result of a non-level playing field for energy and raw materials on a global level (for example shale gas, 
national policies and subsidies) and emission trading rights, which affect the competitive position of our businesses 
and the competitive position of our customers’ businesses. The risk may further increase as a result of the location of 
various entities in the global market for raw materials and emission trading rights, all of which could affect the 
competitive position of our businesses and our customers. 
Although our production processes are not energy intensive and we continually increase our use of sustainable energy 
sources, an extraordinary increase in energy prices and supply disruptions could adversely impact our business and 
results of operation. 
The future of our customers is an important consideration for the Group. Loss of major customers or many small 
customers could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. Further, we have created a strong reputation 
over many years and many of the businesses have a high local profile. However, any negative publicity could damage 
the brands we have built, result in loss of customers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
Seasonality may also contribute to adverse effects on our business and results of operations. A portion of our business 
is seasonal due to weather conditions. In particular, the Decorative Paints business is sensitive to seasonality, with 
business often stronger in the second and third quarters of the calendar year than in the first or fourth quarters.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
Consequently, seasonal lags in earnings may not be offset during the corresponding financial year and this may affect 
our business and results of operations. 
We use significant amounts of various raw materials in manufacturing our products. Prices for some of these raw 
materials can be volatile and are affected by cyclical movements in commodity prices, availability, demand for a 
variety of products which are produced using these raw materials, levels of price competition among local and global 
suppliers, general economic conditions and regulations. We are, to some extent, able to pass on higher input prices to 
our customers, but this ability is, to a large extent, dependent on market conditions. However, there may be times, 
including during periods of prolonged price increases, when we are not able to recover increases in the cost of raw 
materials for some products due to weakness in demand for such products or the actions of our competitors. 
2. Climate change 
As recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”), we continue to monitor our 
risks and opportunities related to climate change. As a company, we are exposed to physical risks – such as those 
associated with water scarcity, ﬂooding and weather events – and transitional risks, such as changes in technology, 
market dynamics and regulation. We have sustainability assessments in place for all material investment projects. For 
the last seven years, we have implemented an internal carbon price for these investment decisions, anticipating the 
impact of any future carbon pricing. Annually, we quantify the potential transitional risk impact of any global carbon 
taxation by multiplying our carbon footprint (Scopes 1 and 2) with the internal carbon price. To analyse different 
potential scenarios, we annually calculate the impact using a carbon price ranging from €50 to €150 (per ton), the 
latter being the suggested UN price on carbon. That range results in an impact well below 1% of 2022 revenues. Our 
suppliers and customers might be impacted by carbon pricing, which may alter their procurement policies and 
preferences. We seek to mitigate the carbon cost impact for our customers by offering sustainable solutions. 
Climate change will most likely increase the frequency of natural catastrophes. As part of our risk and insurance 
process, we analyse the natural hazards our operations are exposed to and collect information about our sites by 
conducting risk engineering site surveys. Annually, around 20% of sites are assessed following a materiality-based 
approach. Based on these assessments, several sites are in scope with increased risk, due mainly to the potential for 
natural catastrophes.  
3. Other operational risks 
Our revenues and competitive position are dependent on the continued operation of our various manufacturing 
facilities. Other operational risks also include:  
(a) 
raw material and energy supply disruptions; 
(b) 
increasing frequency, magnitude and sophistication of cybersecurity threats may cause non-availability or 
failure of critical information technology systems, applications or platforms, or unauthorised access; 
(c) 
labour forces shortages and challenges to attract and retain talents in the tightening talent market and rapidly 
evolving business environment or work stoppages typically referred to as industrial action; 
(d) 
stricter privacy regulations (e.g. Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR)) that can potentially result in 
mismanagement of security and data breaches which are financially punitive; 
(e) 
failure to comply with applicable regulations and standards and to retain necessary permits and approvals; 
(f) 
a failure in any of our production processes, including incidents relating to personal health and safety, process 
safety and product safety;

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
(g) 
events impeding or increasing the cost of transporting products;  
(h) 
extreme weather events or natural disasters;  
(i) 
terrorist attacks, war or armed conflict disrupting the production, distribution or sale of our products in the 
markets we operate in;  
(j) 
sanction imposition in the markets in which we operate and their direct and/or indirect impact; and 
(k) 
fraud, which may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the intentional 
override of internal controls designed and implemented to mitigate fraud risks. 
Were these risks to materialise, it could result in major incidents with the potential for a significant impact on our 
organisation, the continuity of the business, the Group’s reputation, and could adversely affect our business and results 
of operations. While we maintain insurance at levels that we believe are appropriate, some of these operational risks 
could result in losses and liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage or in uninsured losses or liabilities where 
insurance is not available on commercially acceptable terms, which could adversely affect our results. 
C. Financial risks 
1. Conditions in the capital markets 
The Group finances itself partly from the capital markets. Adverse conditions in the domestic and international debt 
and equity markets may result in a rise in the cost of capital and the risk of not being able to access the global capital 
markets when capital is required to fund the Group. 
Supply of liquidity may contract as major central banks gradually reverse quantitative easing and reduce their 
purchase and reinvestment in corporate bonds. Higher interest rates enacted to tackle inflationary pressures may 
increase cost of borrowing in capital markets and the cost of bank credit and may result in a contraction in the supply 
of the bank credit, which may adversely affect operations and the cost of funding. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, AkzoNobel has a long term senior unsecured debt rating of “BBB” by S&P and 
“Baa2” by Moody’s. The outlook in relation to the rating by S&P is stable and by Moody’s is negative. A decision by 
any rating agency to downgrade AkzoNobel’s credit rating could be caused by a variety of factors including, amongst 
other things, weakening financial ratios, or increased business risk of the Group.  
Adverse conditions in capital markets, including liquidity constraints, credit rating expectations or Environmental, 
Social & Governance (“ESG”) perspectives, could reduce our funding options, increase our cost of borrowings and 
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
2. Potential deterioration of cash flow, investment returns and impairment losses 
The potential for further deterioration of economic conditions and the volatility of financial markets may have an 
impact on the free cash flow generation and investment returns of our businesses, and could have an impact on our 
access to funding. These matters, amongst others, may lead to insufficient free cash flow generation of the Group 
which could in turn limit our strategic flexibility, as well as having an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
A significant risk relating to the deterioration of cash flow is the potential of funding shortfalls in post-retirement 
benefit schemes. The Group policy is to sponsor defined contribution pensions and other post-retirement benefits 
wherever possible, but the Group has a number of defined benefit pension and healthcare schemes from the past.

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
Generally, these schemes have been funded through external trusts or foundations. The total amount of post-retirement 
benefit provisions consists of defined benefit obligations of €9.58 billion offset by total plan assets amounting to 
€10.19 billion as at 31 December 2022. The most significant risks that the Group runs in relation to the defined benefit 
schemes are that investment returns fall short of expectations, a decline in discount rates, inflation exceeding 
expectations and the longevity risk. 
The most significant defined benefit schemes are the ICI Pension Fund and the Akzo Nobel (CPS) Pension Scheme in 
the UK, which together amount to 86 per cent. of the defined benefit obligation and 90 per cent. of plan assets. Both 
defined benefit schemes are closed to new entrants. The UK schemes are governed by trustees who must act in the 
best interests of the scheme beneficiaries. A number of pension de-risking transactions have been implemented either 
by the trustees or the Group in relation to the Group’s retirement benefit schemes. For further details of certain of 
these transactions see “Business Description of AkzoNobel – History and Developments”. In common with some of the 
de-risking actions already taken, future de-risking transactions if undertaken could have both a cash flow and balance 
sheet impact on the Group which may be substantial. The cost of fully removing the risk associated with these 
schemes could likely exceed the estimated funding deficits. 
The Group is at risk from potential funding shortfalls in these defined benefit schemes due to a variety of factors: 
(a) 
the value of liabilities is calculated using prudent assumptions about, for example, life expectancy as well as 
the expected return on assets which is used to set the discount rates. The discount rates are linked to the yield 
on government bonds in the largest UK schemes; 
(b) 
asset values are dependent on, among other things, the performance of debt, equity and real estate markets, 
which can be volatile; 
(c) 
the funded status of the UK schemes can also be affected by the decisions of the trustees e.g. to adopt more 
prudent investment strategies due to regulatory or other external factors; and 
(d) 
decisions to change investment strategies, to de-risk pension schemes (such as purchasing insurance policies 
in respect of all or some of the scheme’s liabilities) or setting a funding recovery plan are all based on a 
complex range of assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate or any such investment strategies or de-
risking transactions may not realise the returns or benefits anticipated or may realise other unanticipated or 
unintended effects (for example, adverse tax consequences) or they may need to be unwound. 
Any of such factors could create additional funding liabilities in connection with our pension schemes. Additional 
funding may, in the case of the UK defined benefit schemes, also result from a determination by the UK Pensions 
Regulator or, in certain situations, by the scheme actuary and the trustees. This may lead to insufficient free cash flow 
generation of the Group which could in turn limit our strategic flexibility, as well as having an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We perform impairment tests for intangibles with indefinite lives (goodwill and certain brands) every year as well as 
whenever a certain impairment trigger occurs. For tangible and other fixed assets, with a finite life, we perform 
impairment tests only when an impairment trigger occurs. Impairments and book losses could adversely affect our 
financial position and results of operations. 
3. Risk of losses in treasury operations 
We have a centralised treasury function to manage the liquidity and debt financing of the Group and the financial risks 
associated with exposure to foreign currencies, interest rates and counterparty credit. The treasury department works 
within a robust framework of internal control procedures to seek to minimise losses due to error or fraud, and to 
protect the Group against unforeseen events. However, losses in relation to treasury activities could be caused, 
amongst other things, by the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
(a) 
unexpected extraordinary movements in money or foreign exchange markets could make short-term or long-
term funding more difficult and/or more expensive to obtain (as described further in “Strategic risks ‒ Global 
economy and geo-political context” above), and an appropriate currency mix of funding difficult to achieve; 
(b) 
human error could result in inappropriate activity being undertaken in the markets which could incur a cost;  
(c) 
incorrect settlement of a third party payment could lead to unexpected losses and/or claims; 
(d) 
counterparty risks, which may not be fully prevented by our initial counterparty credit controls, and failure to 
perform under existing contracts and obligations by customers, suppliers, contractors or joint venture 
partners; and 
(e) 
exchange rate fluctuations, particularly the relationships between the euro and the U.S. dollar, pound sterling, 
emerging market currencies as well as Latin American and Asian currencies, to the extent not mitigated by 
our hedging policies. 
Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not successfully mitigate these risks. 
D. Litigation, legal and regulatory risks and actions 
The Group may be held responsible for any liabilities arising out of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We 
seek to monitor and adapt to significant and rapid changes in the legal systems, regulatory controls and customs and 
practices in the countries in which we operate. These affect a wide range of areas including the composition, 
production, packaging, labelling, distribution and sale of the Group’s products; the Group’s property rights; its ability 
to transfer funds and assets within the Group or externally; employment practices; data protection; environment, health 
and safety issues; fraud prevention and monitoring; and accounting, taxation and stock exchange regulation. As a 
global player, we are also exposed to increasingly stringent laws and regulations covering a growing range of subjects 
(such as environmental releases, human rights, export controls, sanctions and competition law). Accordingly, changes 
to, or violation of, these systems, controls or practices could increase costs, involve actions such as product recalls, 
seizure of products and other sanctions and adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as potential 
liabilities and fines. 
Product liability claims could adversely affect our company’s business and results of operations. Our operations in 
consumer markets expose us to legal risks, regulation and potential liabilities from product liability claims asserted by 
consumers and claims with high impact on our organisation could follow from the usage of former, current or new 
technologies and compounds. 
Additionally, our businesses use, and/or have used in the past, materials, chemicals and biological and toxic, organic 
and inorganic compounds (some of which are hazardous) in product development programmes and manufacturing 
processes and resultant waste materials. We have been, and still can be, exposed to risks of environmental releases and 
contamination. We are subject to a broad range of laws, regulations and standards in each of the jurisdictions where 
we operate, including those relating to pollution, the health and safety of employees, protection of the public, 
protection of the environment and the generation, storage handling, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation 
of hazardous substances and waste materials. These regulations and standards are becoming increasingly stringent in 
many jurisdictions, and increasingly expose us to liability including in respect of damage to property and personal 
injury. It is possible that there will be a need for material future provisions for environmental costs. Moreover, there 
can be no assurance that we will not be exposed to additional environmental liabilities in the future which could 
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that we will not be exposed to additional legal and regulatory liabilities in the future which 
could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
Besides, the outcome of litigation, tax disputes, indemnification and guarantees, and regulatory action could adversely 
affect our business and results of operations. A number of claims are currently pending which are contested (see 
“Description of the Business of the Group – Litigation – Claims and litigation” for further information). We are also 
involved in disputes with tax authorities. While the outcome of these claims and disputes cannot be predicted with 
certainty, AkzoNobel believes, based upon legal advice and information received, that the final outcome will not 
materially affect the consolidated financial position of the Group but could be material to the Group’s results of 
operations or cash flows in any one accounting period. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will not be 
exposed to additional litigation or regulatory action in the future which could adversely affect our business and results 
of operations. 
E. Risks associated with holding companies 
As at the date of this Prospectus, AkzoNobel is a holding company and relies on a combination of interest and 
principal payments under intercompany loan agreements and dividends and other payments from the entities owned by 
it to make any payments under the Notes issued by it. Accordingly, AkzoNobel’s ability to make any payments under 
the Notes depends upon the ability of members of the Group to service such intercompany loans and the performance 
of these subsidiaries. Therefore, in meeting its payment obligations under the Notes, AkzoNobel is dependent on the 
business and results of operations of members of the Group and the entities owned by it. 
It also needs to be noted that some of our assets are controlled and managed by joint venture partners or by other 
companies. Some joint venture partners may have divergent business objectives which may impact business and 
financial results. Management of our non-controlled assets may not comply with our management and operating 
standards, controls and procedures (including our health, safety and environment standards). Failure to adopt 
equivalent standards, controls and procedures at these assets could lead to higher costs and reduced production and 
adversely impact our results and reputation. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
1. Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value or 
payment of interest under the Notes  
EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, including the EU 
BMR and UK BMR, while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any securities linked to a “benchmark”. 
The EU BMR and the UK BMR apply to the provision of benchmarks and contribution of input data to a benchmark 
within the EU or the UK (as applicable) and prevent certain uses by EU- or UK-supervised entities (as applicable) of 
“benchmarks” of unauthorised administrators. 
The EU BMR and the UK BMR, together with other international, national or other reforms or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements and have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. Such reforms could result in changes to the manner of administration of 
“benchmarks”, with the result that such “benchmarks” may perform differently than in the past (and such changes

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level) 
or may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
“benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  
The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in the manner of administration of a “benchmark” could result in 
adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the calculation agent, delisting or 
other consequence in relation to securities linked to such “benchmark”. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or any other benchmark were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on any Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (as further described in Condition 5(j) and Condition 5(k)). 
Depending on the manner in which such benchmark is to be determined under the relevant Conditions, this may in 
certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant rate 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or may provide a different result 
than if such benchmark had continued or continued to be administered in its previous form; or (ii) result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when such benchmark was 
available. In circumstances where such benchmark continues to be available but is administered differently or 
performs differently, this could result in adverse consequences for Notes linked to such benchmark, including a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes. Investors should note that the Issuer, in consultation with the Independent Adviser, will have 
discretion to adjust the reference rate in the circumstances provided under the Conditions. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Notes. An application of fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR (or such 
other benchmark) could result in the market value of the Notes being adversely affected as the risk profile of the Notes 
would have changed from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
2. The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA and 
SOFR, as reference rates in the capital markets for pounds sterling and U.S. Dollar bonds, respectively, and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation 
and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of notes reference such rates, 
but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to 
measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions that reference such risk-free 
rates issued under this Programme. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such as

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
rates that are more widely used. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded 
Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index referenced Notes issued 
by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate 
issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to such 
risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for 
determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change 
during the life of such Notes. Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may 
evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a 
result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, 
and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical performance 
data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index. 
3. Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, 
overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of such 
rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in 
the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future.

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes 
referencing backwards-looking SONIA or SOFR are redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
4. Any of the administrators of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA 
or SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR, respectively 
The Bank of England or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and 
SONIA Compounded Index) or SOFR (and SOFR Compounded Index), respectively, may make methodological or 
other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the 
method by which such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
or SOFR Compounded Index. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index, in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the Conditions. An administrator 
has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk-free rate. Such changes, alterations, discontinuation or suspension could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
SONIA or SOFR, which could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of, and return on, the Notes 
referencing SONIA or SOFR (including potential rates of interest thereon). 
5. Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided for in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a call option as 
provided for in Condition 6(d) or a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(h). An optional redemption feature 
is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may 
be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
6. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
market rates. 
7. Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes 
cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating 
Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having fixed interest periods. If the Conditions provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
8. Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes  
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of Notes bearing fixed or floating rate interest because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a 
particularly high price risk. 
9. Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
B. Risks related to Notes generally 
1. The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this 
Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
2. Withholding taxes  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross up 
payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly adversely affect 
their return on the Notes. 
3. Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and to obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from Noteholders without calling a 
meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 80 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with 
the provisions of the Trust Deed and whose Notes are outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer and the Trustee 
(as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon: 
(a) 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing systems in

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 80 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; and 
(b) 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer 
and/or the Trustee (as the case may be) by accountholders in the clearing systems with entitlements to such 
global note or certificate or, where the accountholders hold such entitlement on behalf of another person, on 
written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially 
held (directly or via one or more intermediaries), provided that the Issuer and the Trustee have obtained 
commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and taken reasonable steps to 
ensure such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent/instruction and prior to effecting such 
resolution. 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be required 
to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Trust Deed also provides that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification 
of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the 
Trust Deed (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders or is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest or proven error or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such and the Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may, without the 
consent of Noteholders, agree to the substitution of certain entities (as provided in the Trust Deed) as principal debtor 
under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 11. 
4. Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one 
or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts 
that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an 
integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
5. The Notes may be represented by Global Notes and holders of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) 
Notes may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or lodged with the CMU. Except in the circumstances 
described in the relevant Global Note, Noteholders will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. The relevant 
clearing system(s) will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes, Noteholders will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the 
clearing system(s).

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case 
of Notes denominated in RMB, to the Issuing and Paying Agent for distribution to the holders as appearing in the 
CMU instrument report provided by the CMU. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system(s) 
to appoint appropriate proxies. 
C. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk 
and credit risk: 
1.  The secondary market generally 
Although application may be made to admit the Notes to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, 
Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
2. Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency (as defined in Condition 5(h)). These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a 
result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3. Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates (including credit spreads) subsequently 
increase above the interest rate paid on Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes 
as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
4. Inflation risk 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the real rate of interest 
on an investment in the Notes will be reduced at rising inflation rates and may be negative if the inflation rate rises 
above the nominal rate of interest on the Notes. 
5. Credit rating 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes or the Group. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by UK-registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued 
by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation; subject, in each 
case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, 
for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, 
of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied. If the status of rating agency rating the 
Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may 
no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to AkzoNobel’s ratings, the ratings of the Programme and the credit rating agencies 
which have assigned such ratings is set out on the front page of this Prospectus. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and may not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to AkzoNobel or the Programme generally. 
6. ESG rating 
In addition, several parties have conducted an ESG evaluation and assigned AkzoNobel with relevant classifications 
and/or ratings in relation to its exposure to ESG risks, and related management arrangements established to mitigate 
those risks, which can be found on the website of AkzoNobel. ESG ratings may vary amongst rating agencies as the 
methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. AkzoNobel’s ESG classifications and/or ratings are not 
necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. There is also no assurance that a classification or rating assigned to AkzoNobel will 
not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency or AkzoNobel at any time if, in its judgment, circumstances

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
so warrant. A decision by any rating agency to downgrade or withdraw AkzoNobel’s ESG classification or rating (for 
whatever reason) could reduce its funding options, increase its cost of borrowings and adversely affect its net income. 
Furthermore, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect 
of their determination and award of ESG classifications and/or ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation 
methodologies used to determine ESG classifications and/or ratings, investors should refer to the relevant rating 
agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus). 
7.  Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to 
what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
D. Risks related to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Notes denominated in RMB (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes are subject to 
particular risks: 
1. Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into 
and outside the PRC 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present (see “PRC Currency Controls”). The PRC government continues to 
regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar, despite the significant 
reduction over the years by the PRC government of control over trade transactions involving import and export of 
goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions (known as current account items).  
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for purposes such as capital contributions, debt financing 
and security investments, known as capital account items, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and 
is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for 
settlement of capital account items are developing gradually. These regulations will be subject to interpretation and 
application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
Subject to the prior receipt of all necessary governmental approvals, the Issuer may remit the net proceeds from the 
offering of RMB Notes into the PRC. There is no assurance that such approvals will be granted and, if granted, will 
not be revoked or amended in the future. Although, with effect from 1 October 2016, the International Monetary Fund 
(“IMF”) has determined the Renminbi to be a freely usable currency and has accordingly added it to the IMF’s 
Special Drawing Right (“SDR”) valuation basket (along with the U.S. dollar, the euro, Japanese yen and pound 
sterling), which as at 1 May 2022, is weighted at 12.28% of such valuation basket, and the People’s Bank of China 
(“PBOC”), the central bank of the PRC, has implemented policies in 2018 improving accessibility to RMB to settle 
cross-border transactions in foreign currencies, there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to 
gradually liberalise the control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future, that the scheme for RMB cross-
border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which 
would have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event 
that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, the Issuer may need to source Renminbi offshore to 
finance its obligations under RMB Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC.

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
Noteholders may be required to provide certifications and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan. 
2. There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.  
While the PBOC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a 
number of financial centres and cities (the “RMB Clearing Banks”), including but not limited to Hong Kong, 
Maucau, Taipei, New York, Dubai, London, Frankfurt and Singapore, and are in the process of establishing Renminbi 
clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions (the “Settlement Arrangements”), the current size 
of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBOC, although PBOC has gradually 
allowed participating banks to access the PRC’s onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The 
RMB Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC to square open positions of 
participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for 
corporations relating to cross-border trade settlement. RMB Clearing Banks are not obliged to square for participating 
banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services and, in such cases, 
the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from the offshore market to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that 
new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in 
the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source 
Renminbi in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source 
such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described under 
Condition 7(i) (Payment of Relevant Currency Equivalent), the Issuer can make payments under the RMB Notes in a 
currency other than Renminbi. 
3. Investment in RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks and the Issuer may make payments of interest 
and principal in U.S. dollars and other foreign currencies in certain circumstances 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, the Hong Kong dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is 
affected by changes in the PRC, international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. All 
payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to RMB Notes in Renminbi. As a result, the value of 
these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the 
value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of investment in U.S. 
dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. In addition, there may be tax consequences for investors 
as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting from any investment in RMB Notes. 
4. Payments in respect of RMB Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in such RMB 
Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of RMB Notes will be made solely by (i) when RMB Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or CMU, as applicable, or (ii) when RMB Notes are in definitive 
form, transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as provided in Condition 7(i) (Payment of Relevant Currency Equivalent), the Issuer cannot be 
required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency (unless this is specified in the Final 
Terms of the RMB Notes) or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
5. Investment in RMB Notes may be subject to PRC tax 
In considering whether to invest in the RMB Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with regard 
to the application of PRC tax laws (including but not limited to the PRC enterprise income tax and/or the PRC 
individual income tax) to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other 
tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder’s investment in the RMB Notes may be materially and adversely 
affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving 
payments under those RMB Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated and company financial statements of AkzoNobel as at, and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively; and  
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in the Base Prospectuses dated 4 April 2014, 25 February 2016, 
3 April 2020 and 9 March 2022, 
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been 
approved by the CSSF or filed with it together with, in each case of audited financial statements, the independent 
auditor’s report thereon.  
The unofficial financial statements incorporated by reference under (a) in this Prospectus, are derived from the official 
versions of AkzoNobel’s annual reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, 
respectively. The European Single Electronic Filing formats (the ESEF Reporting Packages) are the official versions. 
The ESEF Reporting Packages are available on AkzoNobel’s website. In case of discrepancies between these 
unofficial financial statements and the ESEF Reporting Packages, the latter prevails. The auditor’s reports relate only 
to the ESEF Reporting Packages and not to the unofficial financial statements incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus. 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and from the website of AkzoNobel (www.akzonobel.com). 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (i) the audited consolidated and company financial statements 
of AkzoNobel as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, respectively, as set 
out in AkzoNobel’s annual report for each relevant financial year, and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Notes set 
out in the Base Prospectuses dated 4 April 2014, 25 February 2016, 3 April 2020 and 9 March 2022. The non-
incorporated parts of such documents (i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below) are either not relevant for the 
investor or are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Audited consolidated and company financial statements of AkzoNobel as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 
 
AkzoNobel Annual Report 2021 
Consolidated statement of income for the financial year ended  
31 December 2021............................................................................. 
Page 91 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 ........................ 
Page 92  
Consolidated statement of cash flows for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 ............................................................................ 
Page 93 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .................................... 
Page 94

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
Summary of significant accounting policies ..................................... 
Pages 95-100 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................. 
Pages 100-129 
Company financial statements........................................................... 
Pages 130-135 
Independent auditor’s report ............................................................ 
Pages 137-143 
 
Audited consolidated and company financial statements of AkzoNobel as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 
AkzoNobel Annual Report 2022 
Consolidated statement of income for the financial year ended  
31 December 2022............................................................................. 
Page 99 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2022........................ 
Page 100 
Consolidated statement of cash flows for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022............................................................................ 
Page 101 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity .................................... 
Page 102 
Summary of significant accounting policies ..................................... 
Pages 103-108 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ................................. 
Pages 109-137 
Company financial statements........................................................... 
Pages 138-143 
Independent auditor’s report ............................................................ 
Pages 145-151 
 
Terms and conditions of the Notes set out in a previous Base Prospectus  
Base Prospectus dated 4 April 2014 
Terms and conditions of the Notes ................................................. 
Pages 26-48 
Base Prospectus dated 25 February 2016 
Terms and conditions of the Notes ................................................. 
Pages 27-54 
 
Base Prospectus dated 3 April 2020 
Terms and conditions of the Notes ................................................. 
Pages 24-55 
 
Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2022 
Terms and conditions of the Notes ................................................. 
Pages 26-58

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global 
Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of the Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part 
A of the Final Terms or (ii) the Conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the 
Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive 
Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by an amended and restated Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 15 March 2023 between Akzo Nobel N.V. (“AkzoNobel”) 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the 
time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These terms 
and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, 
which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An amended and 
restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 15 
March 2023 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between AkzoNobel, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the CMU 
lodging agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “CMU Lodging Agent”, the 
“Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, all references to “CMU” means the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service operated by the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority and all references to the “Issuing and Paying Agent” shall, with respect to a Series of Notes to 
be held in the CMU, be deemed to be a reference to the CMU Lodging Agent and all such references shall be 
construed accordingly. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual 
business hours at the registered office of the Trustee (presently at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, 
United Kingdom) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders and the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer 
form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in each 
case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or (ii) on a regulated market or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (each as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) have access within the United Kingdom or offered to the public in the United Kingdom pursuant 
to an exemption under 86 of the FSMA, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means 
the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered 
(as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate 
representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same 
representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed 
and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In 
the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a 
new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed 
by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current 
regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an 
exercise of the Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder 
to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the 
case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that 
have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a 
person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 2(c) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(f)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. 
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it 
may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of 
an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the 
period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) 
during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and unsecured and unsubordinated monetary obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will 
not create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (a “Security 
Interest”) upon any of its present or future assets or revenues to secure any Public Debt, or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of any Public Debt, without, at the same time or prior thereto, according to the Notes 
and the Coupons the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Public Debt or such other 
security as either (i) the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or (ii) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Noteholders, except that the foregoing shall not apply to any of the following: 
(a) 
any Security Interest arising solely by mandatory operation of law;

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
(b) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset either (i) acquired by the Issuer after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and subject to which such asset is acquired or (ii) comprised 
within the assets of any company merged with the Issuer after the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes, where such Security Interest is created prior to the date of such merger; and 
(c) 
any Security Interest over assets arising pursuant to the “Algemene Voorwaarden” (General Terms 
and Conditions of the Dutch Bankers’ Association), if and insofar as applicable to the Issuer. 
In this Condition 4, “Public Debt” means any loan, debt or other obligation of the Issuer in the form of or 
represented by bonds, notes, debentures or any other publicly-issued debt securities which are, or are capable 
under the relevant regulatory provisions in force as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of, 
being traded or listed on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other recognised securities market and 
which by their terms have an initial stated maturity of more than 12 months. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified hereon.

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate, provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the 
selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, 
when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which 
require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by 
the Issuer or its designee. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified hereon. 
If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified hereon as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, “Administrator/Benchmark Event” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) shall be disapplied. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than Floating Rate Notes which reference 
SONIA or SOFR) 
(I) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified hereon is not SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Where applicable, if five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(II) 
subject to Condition 5(j), if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
if, sub-paragraph (I)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or if sub- paragraph (I)(2) above applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided 
below, the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer on the Issuer’s 
behalf shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(III) 
subject to Condition 5(j), if paragraph (II) above applies and the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of the Issuer or an 
agent appointed by the Issuer on the Issuer’s behalf) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination (for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA or 
SOFR) 
(I) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Index Determination is 
specified hereon as not applicable and the Reference Rate specified 
hereon is SONIA or SOFR: 
(1) 
Where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series 
of Notes is specified hereon as being “Compounded Daily”, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will (subject to Condition 5(e) and Condition 5(j) and subject as 
provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated hereon) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(2)  
Where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series 
of Notes is specified hereon as being “Weighted Average”, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will (subject to Condition 5(e) and Condition 5(j) and subject as 
provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated hereon) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(II) 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate hereon, subject to 
Condition 5(j), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of 
business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on the 
relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors),

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 
5(j), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the 
instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent practicable 
and to the extent such guidance does not increase obligations or duties of 
the Paying Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of 
the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
(III) 
Where “SOFR” is specified in the Reference Rate hereon, subject to 
Condition 5(j), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(IV) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(j), the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified 
hereon) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the 
Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
(V) 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 10, the last Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified hereon, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes become due and payable and 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(VI) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C): 
 
If “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method hereon, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the 
Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
 
“Applicable Period” means, 
(1) 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as 
the Observation Method hereon, Interest Period; and 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method hereon, Observation Period; 
“Business Day” or “BD” means, (i) where “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any date on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; and (ii) where “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; 
“Calculation Method” has the meaning given to it hereon; 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated 
hereon and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Paying Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified hereon; 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Applicable Period; 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business 
Days in such Applicable Period; 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period;

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up 
to but excluding the following Business Day; 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified hereon (or, if no such number is specified, 
five Business Days); 
(2) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, zero; 
(3) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method hereon, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified hereon (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Business Days); 
“r” means: 
(1) 
where hereon “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(2) 
where hereon “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR 
in respect of such Business Day; 
(3) 
where hereon “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(a) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(b) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of 
the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(4) 
where hereon “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(a) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(5) 
where hereon “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such 
Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, “r” shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date; and 
(6) 
where hereon “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and 
“Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition 
of “r” above for, (i) where, hereon, “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day “I” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “I”; 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as 
such hereon; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York as at the date of this Prospectus at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
“Observation Method” shall be as set out hereon; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given hereon; 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated 
by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
and 
(2) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for 
each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated 
by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lockout 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day 
of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate 
in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(D) 
Index Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is specified hereon as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal 
Place, all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated hereon) the Margin: 
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Compounded Index, as specified hereon; 
“Compounded Index End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“Compounded Index Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified hereon, be 365 in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index;

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified hereon, be the fifth 
decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded 
up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being 
rounded upwards); 
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified hereon, be five; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as 
published at 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not 
occurred in respect of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest 
Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is 
not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate 
of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) as if 
Index Determination was not specified hereon as being applicable. For these 
purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of Compounded SOFR Index, 
(ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation 
Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be 
deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5(j) shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) or if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 5(k) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(D), as applicable. 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate and, in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (A) generally, or (B) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (B), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, 
then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of 
a percentage point being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh 
significant figure shall be rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day 
Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of Control 
Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest 
Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount 
or Change of Control Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of 
Control Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise 
requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day”, except in Condition 6(g) and 7(h), means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a 
“TARGET Business Day”) and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement of 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (A) 
that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the EU that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest 
Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is pounds sterling or Renminbi or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is not pounds sterling, euro or Renminbi or (iii) the day falling two

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“ISDA Definitions” means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as 
specified hereon), as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless 
otherwise specified hereon.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or 
as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of such particular information service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (known as T2), or any 
successor system. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval 
of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
(i) 
Independent Advisor: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, or, if a Successor Rate 
is not available, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iii)), and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)). 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j) prior to the Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been 
a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any Condition 5(j) shall apply to the immediately following Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or 
for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(j)) and be deemed to be the Original Reference Rate such that in case the Successor 
Rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, this would constitute a Benchmark 
Event; or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)) and be deemed to be the Original 
Reference Rate such that in case the Alternative Rate were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, this would constitute a Benchmark Event.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Paying Agents of a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(j)(v), the Trustee 
shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to concur with the 
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and the Paying Agents 
shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee and 
the Paying Agents shall not be obliged so to concur if in the sole opinion of the Trustee and 
the Paying Agents doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee and/or the Paying Agents (as applicable) in 
these Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Following any Benchmark Amendment, if it becomes generally accepted market practice in 
the area of publicly listed new issues of notes to use a benchmark rate of interest which is 
different from the Alternative Rate or Successor Rate which had already been adopted by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes pursuant to any Benchmark Amendment, the Issuer is 
entitled to apply a further Benchmark Amendment in line with such generally accepted 
market practice pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) shall be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to each Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
No later than notifying the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent, 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and 
(iv) the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(j); and 
(B) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person and without any obligation to 
verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) (and without prejudice to the Trustee’s and 
the Paying Agents ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and the 
Paying Agents shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so acting or 
relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer, as 
the case may be, under Condition 5(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(a) and 5(b) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and the Agent has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v). 
(vii) 
Definitions: As used in this condition 5(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as 
an option for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith, is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C) 
(if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, has determined in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) which has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for the same interest period and the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date 
within the following six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is or will be as of a certain date, no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market and that such representativeness 
will not be restored; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six months; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Trustee or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate or otherwise make use 
of the Original Reference Rate with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 5(j)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the Original Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding 
the provisions above in Condition 5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(j), this Condition 5(k) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 5(k), including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the 
Calculation Agent will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of 
Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement.

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
In no event shall the Paying Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark 
Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to 
any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute 
or successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Paying Agent will be 
entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will 
have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 5(k), no Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole 
discretion, that such Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice, after the application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and the further decisions and 
determinations as described below. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified hereon) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately preceding Interest 
Period), or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding 
Reset Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(k): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or 
its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or 
its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its 
designee determine is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event,” the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one of more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“designee” means a designed as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee 
for the Notes; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its 
nominal amount, unless a higher amount is provided hereon). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(g) or 6(h) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes 
if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(g) or 6(h) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in paragraph (i)), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(g) or 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any 
time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), 
if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that (i) it has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of The Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or, in each case, any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it at a cost acceptable to it (acting reasonably), provided that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed), at least one of whom 
is a director, of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it at a cost acceptable to it (acting reasonably) and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out in (i) and (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on Noteholders and Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any loss occasioned 
by acting on such certificate. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
(i) 
If “Issuer Call” is specified hereon, the Issuer may, unless the Issuer has given notice 
under Condition 6(c) to redeem the Notes or a Put Notice has been given by the Noteholder 
pursuant to Condition 6(g), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem 
all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date.  
(A) 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(B) 
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
hereon. 
(C) 
Any such redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the 
applicable condition precedent(s) and that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not 
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional 
Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed.

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
(ii) 
If “Make-Whole Amount” is specified hereon as the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Optional Redemption Amount per Note shall be the higher of: 
(x) 
the nominal amount of the Note; and 
(y) 
the nominal amount of the Note multiplied by the price (as reported in writing to 
the Issuer and the Trustee by a financial adviser selected by the Issuer and 
approved by the Trustee (the “Financial Adviser”)) expressed as a percentage 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (with halves being rounded up)), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on 
the Notes on the Optional Redemption Calculation Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield at the Determination Time on the Optional Redemption 
Calculation Date of the Reference Bond (or, where the Financial Adviser advises 
the Issuer and the Trustee that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such 
Reference Bond is not appropriate for such purpose, such other government debt 
security as such Financial Adviser may recommend), plus any applicable Margin; 
provided that if Par Call Period is specified hereon, the Gross Redemption Yield 
shall be calculated so as not to include interest accrued on the Notes during the Par 
Call Period. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this paragraph: 
(A) “Optional Redemption Calculation Date”, “Determination Time”, “Reference 
Bond”, “Margin” and “Par Call Commencement Date” shall have the meanings 
specified hereon in the Final Terms; 
(B) “Par Call Period” means the period from and including the Par Call Commencement 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date. During the Par Call Period, the Notes may be 
redeemed at par; and  
(C) “Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield calculated in accordance with generally 
accepted market practice and this Condition 6(d) at such time, as advised to the Issuer 
and the Trustee by the Financial Adviser.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given under this Condition 6(d) shall be 
redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(d). 
(iv) 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the 
nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to 
be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Issuer may approve and in 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking into account 
prevailing market practices as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption on the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call): If Special 
Redemption Event (Issuer Call) is specified as applicable hereon, upon the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event, the Issuer may, on giving (i) not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; and (ii) not less than 5 days’ notice to the Paying 
Agent, in each case during the Special Redemption Option Period (as specified hereon), at its option, 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Special Redemption Amount (as 
specified hereon), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption.

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
a “Special Redemption Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not completed 
and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) by the Special 
Redemption Longstop Date (as specified in the Final Terms); or (ii) has published an announcement 
that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If “Investor Put” is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) 
within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders on a Put Event: 
(i) 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified hereon and, at any time while any of the Notes 
remains outstanding, a Change of Control Event occurs and within the Change of Control 
Period (A) (if at the time that Change of Control Event occurs there are Rated Securities) a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control Event occurs or (B) (if at such time 
there are no Rated Securities) a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control 
Event occurs (that Change of Control Event and, where applicable, Rating Downgrade or 
Negative Rating Event, as the case may be, occurring within the Change of Control Period, 
together called a “Put Event”), the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior 
to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice under 
Condition 6(c) or 6(d) to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the date which is seven 
days after the expiry of the Put Period (defined below) (or such other date as may be 
specified hereon, the “Put Date”) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount specified 
hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above)), together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest (if 
any) accrued to but excluding the Put Date. 
(ii) 
Promptly upon, and in any event within 21 days after, the Issuer becoming aware that a Put 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly 
so aware the Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders the Trustee shall (subject in each case to the 
Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 specifying the

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the put option contained in this 
Condition 6(g). 
(iii) 
To exercise the put option under this Condition 6(g), the holder of a Note must (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) deposit such Note (together (where applicable) with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) deposit the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, in each case, on any Business Day falling within the period of 
30 days after a Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”), accompanied by a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
the specified office of any Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent, as the case may be (a 
“Put Notice”). No Note or Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(iv) 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(g), the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
given within 30 days after the Put Date, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a 
whole (but not some only) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount specified hereon 
together with interest (if any) accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
(v) 
If the rating designations employed by any of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch Ratings are changed 
from those which are described in paragraph (B) of the definition of “Negative Rating 
Event” below, or if a rating is procured from another Rating Agency, AkzoNobel shall 
determine, with the agreement of the Trustee, the rating designations of S&P, Moody’s, 
Fitch Ratings or such other Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most nearly equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch Ratings, and this Condition 6(g) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(vi) 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain or monitor whether a Change of Control 
Event, Negative Rating Event or Put Event or any event which could lead to the occurrence 
of or could constitute a Change of Control Event, Negative Rating Event or Put Event has 
occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to 
the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Event, Negative Rating 
Event or Put Event or other such event has occurred. 
(vii) 
In this Condition 6(g): 
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the place of the specified office of the Paying Agent, 
Registrar or Transfer Agent (as the case may be) at which the relevant Note or Certificate 
representing the relevant Note is deposited. 
A “Change of Control Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time a person or 
group of persons acting in concert, other than a holding company (as defined in section 
1159 of the Companies Act 2006) whose shareholders are or are to be the same as (or the 
same save for the initial subscriber of the shares of the holding company), and who hold the 
shares in the same proportion (save for any holding of any such initial subscriber) as, the 
pre-existing shareholders of AkzoNobel, gains control of more than 50 per cent. of the 
issued shares of AkzoNobel or of the voting rights attached to the issued shares of

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
AkzoNobel (for these purposes, “acting in concert” means a group of persons who, 
pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-
operate through the acquisition by any of them, either directly or indirectly, of shares in 
AkzoNobel to obtain or consolidate control of AkzoNobel); 
“Change of Control Period” means the period beginning on the date that is (A) the date of 
the first public announcement of the Change of Control Event or, if earlier, (B) the date of 
the earliest Potential Change of Control Event Announcement (if any) and ending 90 days 
after the occurrence of the Change of Control Event (if any) (or such longer period in which 
the Rated Securities are under consideration (announced publicly within the period ending 
90 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control Event) for rating review or, as the 
case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public 
announcement of such consideration); 
A “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (A) does not, 
either prior to or not later than 21 days after the relevant Change of Control Event, seek, 
and thereupon use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt of AkzoNobel (or any subsidiary of the Issuer which is 
guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by the Issuer) having an initial 
maturity of five years or more from a Rating Agency or (B) does so seek and use such 
endeavours, but is unable, as a result of such Change of Control Event, to obtain such a 
rating of at least “investment grade” (being a rating of BBB- (in the case of Standard & 
Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited (“S&P”)), Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”)) or BBB- (in the case of Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd 
(“Fitch Ratings”)), or their respective equivalents for the time being) from at least one 
Rating Agency, provided that a Negative Rating Event shall not be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control Event if the Rating Agency declining 
to assign a rating of at least investment grade (as defined above) does not announce or 
publicly confirm or inform the Issuer or the Trustee in writing that its declining to assign a 
rating of at least investment grade was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change 
of Control Event (whether or not the Change of Control Event shall have occurred at the 
time such investment grade rating is declined); 
“Potential Change of Control Event Announcement” means any public announcement 
or statement by AkzoNobel, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf 
of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control Event where, 
within 90 days following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control 
Event occurs; 
“Rated Securities” means the Notes so long as they shall have an effective rating which 
was solicited by the Issuer from any Rating Agency and otherwise any unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt of the Issuer (or any subsidiary of the Issuer which is guaranteed on an 
unsecured and unsubordinated basis by the Issuer) having an initial maturity of five years 
or more which is rated by one of the Rating Agencies at the invitation of the Issuer; 
“Rating Agency” means S&P and its successors or Moody’s and its successors or Fitch 
Ratings and its successors or any other rating agency of equivalent standing specified by 
the Issuer from time to time and approved in writing by the Trustee; and 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control Event if any solicited current rating assigned to the Rated Securities by a Rating

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
Agency at the invitation of the Issuer (A) is withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period replaced by a rating of another Rating Agency at least equivalent to that 
which was current immediately before the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or 
(B) is reduced from a rating of investment grade (as defined above) or better to a non-
investment grade rating of BB+ (in the case of S&P), Ba1 (in the case of Moody’s) or BB+ 
(in the case of Fitch Ratings) (or their respective equivalents for the time being) or worse 
and not subsequently upgraded to an investment grade rating during the Change of Control 
Period; provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular 
reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change 
of Control Event if the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating to which this 
definition would otherwise apply does not announce or publicly confirm or inform the 
Issuer or the Trustee in writing that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any 
event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control Event (whether or not the applicable Change of Control Event shall 
have occurred at the time of the Rating Downgrade). 
(h) 
Clean-up Call Option: If “Clean-up Call Option” is specified hereon, if 80 per cent. or more of 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes has been redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(d) or 6(f) 
or repurchased pursuant to Condition 6(i) and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may at its option, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining 
Notes at the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount specified hereon together with interest (if any) 
accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer and each of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unmatured Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of 
all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank; 
and 
(ii) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of 
the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong.

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
In this Condition 7(a), “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in 
the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or 
of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close 
of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (in the case of a 
currency other than Renminbi) or on the fifth business day before the due date for payment 
thereof (in the case of Renminbi) (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) 
of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the 
Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in 
the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank; and 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account of the Noteholder. 
In this Condition 7(b)(ii)(B), “registered account” means the Renminbi account maintained by or 
on behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear in the Register at the 
close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for payment. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in 
the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the Notes, and no additional 
amounts will be paid on the Notes with respect to any such withholding or deduction. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the CMU Lodging Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
CMU Lodging Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with 
the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the CMU Lodging Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation 
to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a CMU Lodging 
Agent in relation to Notes accepted for clearance through the CMU, (v) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unmatured Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unmatured Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, 
the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 7(h), “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro and Renminbi) where payment is to 
be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day or 
(iii) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(i) 
Payment of Relevant Currency Equivalent: Notwithstanding all other provisions in these 
Conditions, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, 
or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy payments due under the Notes or Coupons in Renminbi 
in Hong Kong, the Issuer shall, on giving not less than five and not more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment in the Relevant 
Currency on the due date for payment at the Relevant Currency Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the Relevant Currency Equivalent of the relevant amounts due under the 
Notes or Coupons shall be made in accordance with Condition 7(a)(i) or Condition 7(b), as 
applicable. 
In this Condition 7(i): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; 
“Illiquidity” means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to make 
a payment under the Notes or Coupons; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert into Renminbi any amount due in another currency into the amount of Renminbi in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is 
impossible for the Issuer and/or its affiliates due to an event beyond its or their control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or its affiliates due to an 
event beyond its or their control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency (which is, in the case of euro, a day 
on which T2 is operating); 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified in the Final Terms; 
“Relevant Currency Equivalent” means the Renminbi amount converted into the Relevant 
Currency using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date; and 
“Spot Rate”, for a Rate Calculation Date, means the spot rate between Renminbi and the Relevant 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if none has been appointed, an agent 
appointed by the Issuer for this purpose) at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such date in 
good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner; and if a spot rate is not readily available, the 
Calculation Agent or such agent appointed under this Condition may determine the rate taking into 
consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent or such agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in 
Hong Kong or elsewhere and the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 7(i) by the 
Calculation Agent or such agent appointed under this Condition, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all holders of the Notes. 
The Calculation Agent or such agent appointed under this Condition shall not be responsible or 
liable to the Issuer or any holders of the Notes for any determination of any Spot Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 7(i). 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
The Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with The Netherlands other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Holder able to avoid: to a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
(i) by presenting any form or certificate or (ii) by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exception to the relevant tax authority; or 
(c) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
(defined below) except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting their Note or Coupon for payment on the thirtieth day after the Relevant 
Date; or 
(d) 
Dutch withholding tax: where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a 
“FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or 
relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and 
(iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 
Events of Default

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall, subject, in each case, to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction, (but, in the case of the happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b) and (f) below, 
only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount 
together (if applicable) with accrued interest if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall 
have occurred (unless such event has been remedied to the satisfaction of the Trustee): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of principal or interest on the Notes on the due date for payment 
thereof and such failure continues, in the case of principal, for a period of seven days and, in the 
case of interest, for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes or the Trust Deed 
and (except where the Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer in writing that it considers such 
failure to be incapable of remedy, in which case no such notice or continuation as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such failure continues for the period of 30 days (or such longer period 
as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion permit) following the service by the Trustee of notice on 
the Issuer specifying such failure and requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is dissolved or wound up; or 
(d) 
the Issuer enters into a composition with its creditors, files a petition for a suspension of payments, 
admits in writing that it cannot pay its debts generally as they become due, initiates a proceeding in 
bankruptcy or is adjudicated bankrupt; or 
(e) 
the Issuer and/or any Major Subsidiary (as defined below) defaults in the making of any payment in 
respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Moneys (as defined below) of, assumed or guaranteed by, the 
Issuer and/or any Major Subsidiary, as the case may be, when and as the same shall become due and 
payable, if such default shall continue for more than the period of grace, if any, applicable thereto 
and the time for such payment has not been effectively extended, or if any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Moneys of, or assumed by, the Issuer and/or any Major Subsidiary shall have become 
repayable before the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity by reason of the 
occurrence of an event of default thereunder, provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Moneys in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above 
in this paragraph (e) have occurred is greater than €60,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other 
currency or currencies. 
In this paragraph (e): 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Moneys” shall mean any indebtedness for borrowed money having 
an original maturity of 12 months or more; and 
“Major Subsidiary” shall mean at any relevant time any company or entity of which AkzoNobel 
directly or indirectly has control and (i) whose total sales shall have exceeded 10 per cent. of 
AkzoNobel’s consolidated sales for the immediately preceding financial year, all as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts of the relevant company or entity and the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts of AkzoNobel, or (ii) to which is transferred all or substantially all the 
assets and undertaking of any company or entity of which AkzoNobel directly or indirectly has 
control which immediately prior to such transfer is a Major Subsidiary. A report by two Authorised 
Signatories, at least one of whom is a director, of AkzoNobel (whether or not addressed to the

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
Trustee) that in their opinion any company or entity is or is not or was or was not at any particular 
time or throughout any specified period a Major Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee 
without liability to any person and without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the 
Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all relevant parties; or 
(f) 
if the Issuer merges or otherwise amalgamates with any other incorporated or unincorporated legal 
entity, unless the legal entity surviving such merger or amalgamation expressly assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and has obtained all necessary authorisations 
therefor. 
11 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening both physical and 
virtual meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of 
these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of 
such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to 
reduce or cancel the nominal amount of or any premium payable on redemption of the Notes, (iii) to 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in 
respect of the Notes (except for Benchmark Amendments), (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned meeting not less than one-third, in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which 
such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 80 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which is, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven, and (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of 
any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, and may determine that any Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined by the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, which in any such case

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In 
addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendment in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(j) without the consent of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification, authorisation, waiver or determination 
shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of certain other entities (as 
provided in the Trust Deed) in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as 
principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change 
would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including, but not 
limited to, those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Trustee may rely, without liability to Noteholders, on a report, confirmation or certificate of any 
accountants, financial advisers or investment bank, whether or not addressed to it and whether their 
liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto 
entered into by the Trustee or any other person or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary 
cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept and to rely on any such 
report, confirmation or certificate where the Issuer procures delivery of the same pursuant to its 
obligation to do so under a condition hereof and such report, confirmation or certificate shall be 
binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders in the absence of manifest or proven error. 
12 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings or take any step or action unless (a) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding 
at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction in respect of all costs, claims, expenses and liabilities to or for 
which it may, in its opinion, thereby become liable. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly 
against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable 
time and such failure is continuing. 
13 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility including relieving it from taking proceedings or any step or action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
14 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the 
case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the 
Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless 
the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single 
series with the Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any 
series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other 
securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains 
provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series 
where the Trustee so decides. 
16 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices to the holders of the Notes shall also be 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper 
with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). If in the opinion of 
the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with the Trust Deed, or any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, or any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Issuer has in 
the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are or the Global Certificate is stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), (i) the Global Notes or the Global Certificate (as the 
case may be) will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper; 
and (ii) the relevant clearing systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are or Global 
Certificate is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Depositing the 
Global Notes or the Global Certificate with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and a Global Certificate which is not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche, (i) to a Common Depositary (defined below) or 
(ii) in relation to Notes accepted for clearance through the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service operated by 
the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the “CMU”), to a sub-custodian for the CMU. 
If the relevant Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or with a sub-custodian for the CMU 
or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for (i) Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) the CMU and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary or the 
sub- custodian for the CMU (as the case may be), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU (as the 
case may be) will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case 
may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes 
for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
If a Global Note or a Global Certificate is lodged with a sub-custodian for or registered with the CMU, the 
person(s) for whose account(s) interests in such Global Note or Global Certificate are credited as being held 
in the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules as notified by the CMU to the CMU Lodging Agent in a 
relevant CMU Instrument Position Report or any other relevant notification by the CMU (which notification, 
in either case, shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the CMU save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be the only person(s) entitled (in the case of Registered Notes, directed or deemed by the CMU as entitled) to 
receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such person(s) for whose account(s) interests in such 
Global Note or Global Certificate are credited as being held in the CMU in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the CMU, as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate, must look solely to the CMU Lodging Agent 
for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer in respect of such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General 
Description of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described in paragraph 3.5 below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent 
Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
The CMU may require that any such exchange for a permanent Global Note is made in whole and 
not in part and in such event, no such exchange will be effected until all relevant account holders (as 
set out in a CMU Instrument Position Report (as defined in the rules of the CMU) or any other 
relevant notification supplied to the CMU Lodging Agent by the CMU) have so certified. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CMU or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a nominal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or 
more Specified Denominations.

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
3.3 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the CMU or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of 
interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing 
system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant 
clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions. 
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to 
the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent (or in the case of Notes lodged with the CMU, the CMU 
Lodging Agent). In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer 
will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of 
the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect 
such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such 
exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, 
“Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which 
such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect 
of interest that has not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or 
substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each 
permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and 
returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 
days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for 
business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in 
the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply 
to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Conditions set out in this Prospectus. 
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before 
the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. Except with respect to a 
Global Note held through the CMU, all payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to 
be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such 
purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each 
Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in 
respect of the Notes. Condition 7(f)(v) will apply to the Definitive Notes only. If the Global Note is 
a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case 
of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of 
the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made 
in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition 
of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date 
which shall be the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 
January. 
In respect of a Global Note or Global Certificate held through the CMU, any payments of principal, 
interest (if any) or any other amounts shall be made to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in 
the relevant Global Note are credited (as set out in a CMU Instrument Position Report or any other 
relevant notification supplied to the CMU Lodging Agent by the CMU as at the business day before 
the date for payment) and, save in the case of final payment, no presentation of the relevant bearer 
Global Note or Global Certificate shall be required for such purpose.

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
8). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at 
any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a 
Global Certificate. 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions 
to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount 
of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
(if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions while such Notes are represented by a 
permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial 
exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights 
of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or the CMU or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions while such Notes are represented by a 
permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note giving notice 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent or in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate, to the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent or in respect of Notes lodged with the CMU, to the CMU Lodging 
Agent, within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the 
Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN or in the case of a 
Global Certificate, presenting the permanent Global Note or Global Certificate to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Registrar or Transfer Agent (or, in the case of Notes lodged with the CMU, the 
CMU Lodging Agent) for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate 
is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata 
in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those 
records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon 
any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes represented in the form of a Global Certificate are registered in the name of any nominee for, 
a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to and rely on any information provided to it by such 
clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its 
accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such 
interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate. 
4.10 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 10 by 
stating in the notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent or the CMU Lodging Agent the nominal 
amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
4.11 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of (i) 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system, except as provided in (ii) 
below, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the 
Global Note or (ii) the CMU, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by the 
delivery of the relevant notice to the persons shown in a CMU Instrument Position Report issued by 
the CMU on the second business day preceding the date of despatch of such notice as holding 
interests in the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, except that so long as the Notes are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and the rules of that exchange so require, 
notices shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant 
clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 80 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic 
Consent” as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would 
otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the special 
quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of 
Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as 
the case may be, by accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or 
Global Certificate or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another 
person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is 
ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via 
one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the Issuer and/or the Trustee have 
obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken 
reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or 
instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the CMU or any 
other relevant clearing system, or issued by an accountholder of them or an intermediary in a 
holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other 
document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any 
such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together 
with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such 
effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not 
authentic.

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Save as described below, the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for the 
general corporate purposes of the Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) is specified in the Final Terms as "Applicable", the use of proceeds for 
acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and related fees will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Final Terms may also state the potential use for general corporate purposes or other purposes if the 
Special Redemption Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to exercise the Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call).

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF AKZONOBEL 
History and Development 
Akzo Nobel N.V. (“AkzoNobel” or the “Company”) is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) 
incorporated under the law of The Netherlands, having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. AkzoNobel 
was incorporated on 8 May 1911 with the name N.V. Nederlandsche Kunstzijdefabriek. AkzoNobel’s registered office 
is at Christian Neefestraat 2, 1077 WW Amsterdam, The Netherlands (telephone number +31 88 969 7555). 
AkzoNobel is domiciled in The Netherlands and operates under the laws of The Netherlands. AkzoNobel is registered 
with the Chamber of Commerce for Amsterdam under registration number 09007809. AkzoNobel’s website is 
www.akzonobel.com. The information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, AkzoNobel is the top holding company in the Group. AkzoNobel’s common shares 
are admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam. As at the date of this Prospectus, AkzoNobel is active in 
over 150 countries and for its total operations employs around 35,200 people through its various business units 
worldwide. 
AkzoNobel’s objectives, as set out in Article 3 of its Articles of Association, are as follows: 
“The objects of the Company are to participate directly or indirectly in partnerships, and in companies and other 
legal entities; to manage and finance such partnerships, companies, and legal entities; and to do all such things as are 
incidental to the attainment of the above objects, including providing security, whether or not for debts of third parties 
entering into and providing loans as well as the holding and administering of patents and other rights of intellectual 
property.” 
N.V. Nederlandsche Kunstzijdefabriek was renamed AKU N.V. (“AKU”), and in the years from its incorporation in 
1911 grew into an international concern with interests in cellulose fibres and, following the Second World War, 
synthetic textiles, carpet fibres and industrial fibres. In 1969, AKU merged with Koninklijke Zout-Organon N.V., and 
in 1994 was renamed AkzoNobel, after the merger with Nobel Industries AB (“Nobel”). 
Koninklijke Zout-Organon N.V. was set up in 1967 as a holding company in connection with the merger of 
Koninklijke Zout-Ketjen N.V. and N.V. Koninklijke Zwanenberg-Organon, with interests in companies active in salt 
refining, basic chemicals, specialty chemicals and coatings on the one hand, and in food/non-food products, chemical 
products, brand-name drugs, non-prescription products and raw materials for the pharmaceutical industry on the other. 
Nobel was formed in 1984 through the merger of Bofors (established in 1646) and KemaNobel, which had been 
founded in 1871 with the name Stockholms Superfosfat Fabriks AB. At the time of the merger with AkzoNobel in 
1994, Nobel was a leading European producer of chemicals (including pulp and paper chemicals and surfactants) and 
coatings (including paints for professional and consumer markets, industrial coatings and industrial products). 
In July 1998, AkzoNobel acquired Courtaulds plc (“Courtaulds”), an international chemical company operating in the 
markets for high tech industrial coatings and man-made fibres. Several brands, such as International Paints, Courtelle 
acrylic fibres and Tencell®, at that time, a new cellulosic fibre, were included in the acquisition. In the 1960s, 
Courtaulds acquired The International Paint Company Limited (formerly Pinchin Johnson & Associates Limited). 
After the Courtaulds acquisition, the fibres operations of AkzoNobel and Courtaulds were combined into a newly 
established company named Acordis B.V. (“Acordis”). On 31 December 1999, the Acordis business was sold, with 
AkzoNobel retaining a 21 per cent. stake in the business at that date. 
In March 2007, AkzoNobel sold its pharmaceuticals business, Organon BioSciences N.V. (“Organon”), including the 
“Intervet” veterinary businesses to the American pharmaceutical firm Schering-Plough Company for €11.0 billion.

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
AkzoNobel used the proceeds of the sale of Organon to purchase UK-based firm Imperial Chemical Industries plc 
(“ICI”) for a gross acquisition price of €11.5 billion (of which €5 billion was related to assets and liabilities held for 
sale), significantly increasing the presence of its core businesses in the coatings and specialty chemicals markets. This 
acquisition was completed on 2 January 2008. 
In April 2008, AkzoNobel sold ICI’s Adhesives and Electronic Material businesses to Henkel KGaA for an amount of 
€4 billion before final settlement adjustments. 
In October 2010, AkzoNobel sold its National Starch business (formerly ICI’s Specialty Starches business) for U.S. 
$1.3 billion to Corn Products International. 
On 1 April 2013, AkzoNobel finalised the sale of its North American Decorative Paints business to PPG Industries, 
Inc. with net cash proceeds of €779 million. The sale included AkzoNobel’s Decorative Paints business in the US, 
Canada and Puerto Rico. 
On 14 December 2016, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of BASF’s Industrial Coatings business resulting in a 
net cash outflow in 2016 of €398 million. The acquisition improved AkzoNobel’s position in the coil coatings market. 
On 20 September 2018, AkzoNobel acquired Xylazel S.A. With this acquisition AkzoNobel became a leader in the 
decorative paints market and the woodcare segment in Spain and strengthened its position in metal care in Spain. 
On 1 October 2018, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of Fabryo Corporation S.R.L., becoming a leader in the 
Romanian decorative paints market. 
On 1 October 2018, AkzoNobel completed the disposal of its Specialty Chemicals business to The Carlyle Group and 
sovereign wealth fund GIC Private Ltd for an enterprise value of €10.1 billion. Since this disposal, AkzoNobel is a 
focused paints and coatings company. 
On 1 November 2018, AkzoNobel has strengthened its business in Asia by acquiring Colourland Paints Sdn Bhd and 
Colourland Paints (Marketing) Sdn Bhd, a home-grown paints and coatings manufacturer with wide distribution 
across Malaysia. 
On 13 December 2018, AkzoNobel acquired the full ownership of AkzoNobel Swire Paints, through the acquisition of 
the minority interest of its joint venture partner Swire Industrial Limits, strengthening its leading position in the 
Chinese decorative paints market while also increasing the flexibility to further develop the business. 
On 8 November 2019, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of French aerospace coatings manufacturer Mapaero, 
strengthening AkzoNobel’s global position in the steadily growing aerospace coatings industry. Specialising in 
sustainable water-based and advanced eco-friendly products and a global player in the structural and cabin coating 
sub-segments, Mapaero operates a production facility in France and has 140 employees.  
On 1 April 2020, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of Mauvilac Industries Limited, a leading paints and coatings 
company in Mauritius. The transaction strengthens AkzoNobel’s footprint in the African decorative paints market.  
On 1 September 2020, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of Stahl Performance Powder Coatings and its range of 
products for heat sensitive substrates by means of an asset deal. The transactions accelerates AkzoNobel’s access to 
unique low curing technology, which is the only one of its kind in the powder coatings industry.  
On 23 December 2020, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of New Nautical Coatings, based in the United States 
and owner of the premium Sea Hawk yacht coatings brand. This transaction increases AkzoNobel’s presence in the 
North American yacht coatings market. New Nautical Coatings is one of the top players in yacht coatings in North 
America, with sales also being generated in the Caribbean and Australasia.

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
On 1 March 2021, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of Industrias Titan S.A.U. (Titan Paints), based in Spain and 
also with a relevant presence in Portugal. The business shares AkzoNobel’s commitment to sustainable product 
innovation, with much of its portfolio having received recognition for environmental performance. 
Recent developments 
On 22 April 2022, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of paints and coatings company Grupo Orbis S.A. (Grupo 
Orbis), based in Colombia but with a strong presence in South and Middle America. The acquisition strengthens 
AkzoNobel’s position in the Latin American region. The transaction includes eight operational manufacturing sites. 
On 1 December 2022, AkzoNobel completed the acquisition of the wheel liquid coatings business of Lankwitzer 
Lackfabrik GmbH by means of an asset deal and strengthening the product portfolio of business unit Powder Coatings. 
On 1 June 2022, AkzoNobel announced the intended acquisition of Kansai Paint Co., Ltd.’s African paints and 
coatings activities. Kansai Paint’s activities in scope of the intended acquisition generated consolidated revenues of 
around €280 million in 2021. The intended acquisition is expected to further strengthen AkzoNobel’s activities in the 
region and provide opportunities for future growth. The acquisition is expected to be completed in the second half of 
2023. 
Management structure 
AkzoNobel has a two-tier board structure consisting of a Board of Management (solely composed of executive 
directors) and a Supervisory Board (solely composed of non-executive directors). The Supervisory Board supervises 
the Board of Management and ensures a strong external presence in the governance of AkzoNobel. The Board of 
Management is entrusted with the management of AkzoNobel. The two boards are independent of each other and are 
accountable to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting for their performance. The Board of Management operates 
in the context of an Executive Committee. The members of the Executive Committee are the two members of the 
Board of Management, together with four senior executives who, as at the date of this Prospectus, hold delegated 
responsibilities as set out below. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Members of the Board of Management, Executive Committee and the 
Supervisory Board, whose business addresses are AkzoNobel, Christian Neefestraat 2, 1077 WW Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands and their functions and their principal activities outside AkzoNobel and its subsidiaries, where these are 
significant, are as follows: 
Board of Management 
Position within Company 
Grégoire Poux-Guillaume 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of 
Management and the Executive Committee 
Maarten de Vries 
Chief Financial Officer and Member of the Board of 
Management and the Executive Committee 
Other members of the Executive Committee 
Position within Company 
Joëlle Boxus (in function until 31 March 2023) 
Chief Human Resources Officer and Member of the Executive 
Committee 
Karen-Marie Katholm 
Chief Integrated Supply Chain Officer and member of the 
Executive Committee

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
Dr. Hilka Schneider 
General Counsel and member of the Executive Committee 
Jan-Piet van Kesteren 
BU Director DP Europe & Africa and member of the 
Executive Committee 
Daniel Campos 
BU Director DP South America and member of the Executive 
Committee 
Simon Parker 
BU Director MPY and member of the Executive Committee 
Patrick Bourguignon 
BU Director ASC and member of the Executive Committee 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activities outside AkzoNobel 
Nils Smedegaard Andersen 
Chairman Supervisory Board 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors Unilever plc  
 
 
Former Non-Executive Director of BP plc  
 
 
Former CEO of A.P. Moller - Maersk A/S 
 
 
Former CEO and President of Carlsberg A/S 
Byron E. Grote  
Vice Chairman 
 
Non-Executive Director at Tesco plc 
 
Non-Executive Director at IHG plc (International 
Hotels Group) 
 
Non-Executive Director at Inchcape plc 
 
Former Non-Executive Director of Anglo-American 
plc 
 
Former 
Non-Executive 
Director 
of 
Standard 
Chartered 
 
Former Board member of BP plc 
 
Former Non-Executive Director of Unilever plc and 
Unilever N.V. 
Pamela Kirby 
Board Member 
 
Non-Executive Director of Reckitt Benckiser plc 
 
Non-Executive Director of Bunzl plc 
 
Former 
Non-Executive 
Director 
of 
Hikma 
Pharmaceuticals plc 
 
Former Non-Executive Director of DCC plc 
 
Former Senior Independent Director of Victrex plc

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
Former CEO of Quintiles Transnational Corp.  
 
Former senior executive at Astra Zeneca plc  
 
Former senior executive at F. Hoffman-La Roche 
Jolanda Poots-Bijl  
Board Member 
 
CFO of Royal Van Oord 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Pon Holdings 
B.V.  
 
Former member of the Supervisory Board of N.V. 
Nederlandse Gasunie  
 
Former member of the Supervisory Board of Blokker 
Holding B.V. 
Dick Sluimers 
Board Member 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of NIBC Bank 
N.V.  
 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Euronext N.V. and Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of FWD Group 
Limited 
 
Member of the Board of Governors of the State 
Academy of Finance and Economics 
 
Trustee of the Erasmus University Trust 
 
Senior Advisor Bank of America Europe DAC 
 
Former member of the Supervisory Board of 
Atradius N.V.  
 
Former CEO of APG Group 
Patrick Thomas  
Board Member 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Johnson 
Matthey plc 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Covestro AG. 
 
Former Non-Executive Director of Aliaxis S.A. 
 
Former Chairman and CEO of Bayer Material 
Science A.G. 
 
Former Non-Executive Director of BG Group plc 
 
Former 
President 
of 
Specialties
Huntsman

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
International LLC 
 
Former CEO at Polyurethanes division of ICI plc 
Hans van Bylen 
Board Member 
 
Independent Director and Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Ontex Group N.V. 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Lanxess AG 
 
Non-Executive Director of Etex N.V. 
Ester Baiget Arnou 
Board Member 
 
CEO and President of Novozymes A/S 
 
Board of Trustees and “Sustainability Champion” of 
United States Council for International Business 
(USCIB) 
On 7 December 2022, AkzoNobel announced that Nils Smedegaard Andersen will retire as chairman and member of 
the Supervisory Board. Ben Noteboom will be nominated as a member of the Supervisory Board and the Supervisory 
Board intends to subsequently elect him as Chairman. The appointment of Ben Noteboom is subject to shareholders 
approval at AkzoNobel’s annual general meeting in April 2023. 
None of the members of the Supervisory Board or the Board of Management have any potential conflicts of interests 
between duties to AkzoNobel and their private interests or other duties. 
To the extent known to AkzoNobel, AkzoNobel is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled. 
Approach to sustainable business 
AkzoNobel made it its business to deliver the sustainable and innovative solutions that its customers, communities – 
and the planet – are increasingly relying on.  AkzoNobel is fully focused on ensuring that the pioneering paints and 
coatings it supplies today can help to safeguard the world far beyond tomorrow.  Guided by its People. Planet. Paint. 
approach, which lies at the heart of everything AkzoNobel does, AkzoNobel has identified three key global topics – 
climate change, circularity, health and well-being – and made a commitment to future generations to focus on 
addressing them. 
In 2021, AkzoNobel’s commitment to setting science-based sustainability targets has been officially validated by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) confirming AkzoNobel as the first paints and coatings company to receive this 
endorsement. In that same year, AkzoNobel has also restated their carbon reduction target across the whole value 
chain and increased it to 50 per cent. by 2030 (baseline 2018). This brings it in line with AkzoNobel’s carbon 
reduction ambition in its own operations. 
At the COP26 summit held in November 2021, AkzoNobel became one of the first recipients of The Terra Carta seal, 
and the only paints and coatings manufacturer to date to receive this honour. The Terra Carta Seal is a major new 
award which recognises global companies that are driving innovation and demonstrating their commitment to – and 
momentum towards – the creation of genuinely sustainable markets. 
In May 2022, AkzoNobel organised, together with several partners from across the extended value chain, its first 
global Collaborative Sustainability Challenge during which the participants – represented by senior and next 
generation leaders – hacked four key areas: energy transition, process efficiency, solvent emissions and circular 
solutions. This resulted in 28 partners signing up, including suppliers, customers and end-users, as well as 
representatives from finance, government, service providers and consultancies. As ambitious targets when it comes to

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
addressing climate change will not be achieved in isolation, these partners will jointly explore what is possible as we 
strive to collectively accelerate our sustainability journey. AkzoNobel is involved in three projects and will help:  
 
the coatings industry to take sustainability into account by identifying potential value proposition-based 
metrics that could be used to measure sustainability of products and promote sustainable choices; 
 
raw material suppliers to realise disruptive new process technologies that enable sustainable product solutions 
by proposing working models that share risks along the value chain; and 
 
the marine coatings industry to provide products to the market with minimal solvent applications by 
campaigning for solutions for a faster decarbonisation of the value chain. 
For more information on AkzoNobel’s approach to sustainable business, please refer to the section “Sustainability 
Statements” of the 2022 Annual Report.

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP  
Overview of Business Areas 
As at the date of this Prospectus, AkzoNobel’s operations are grouped into two business areas on the basis of affinities 
between activities. Based on revenue in 2022, the Decorative Paints business area accounted for approximately 40 per 
cent. of the Group and the Performance Coatings business area accounted for approximately 60 per cent. of the Group.  
At the AkzoNobel corporate level, key tasks are coordinated across the Group in the fields of strategy; finance and 
control; human resources; technology; legal affairs and intellectual property; communications; health, safety, and 
environment; information management; and risk and insurance management. 
The Decorative Paints and Performance Coatings business units and their main products (as at the date of this 
Prospectus) are summarised below. 
Decorative Paints 
The Decorative Paints unit includes businesses focusing on a full range of interior and exterior decoration and 
protection products for both the professional and do-it-yourself markets. These include paints, lacquers, varnishes, as 
well as products for surface preparation (pre-deco products). The Decorative Paints business is divided into three 
geographical reporting units: EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia and Latin America. 
Decorative Paints activities have long been a core part of AkzoNobel’s businesses and supply a full range of interior 
and exterior decoration and protection products for both the professional and do-it-yourself markets, including paints, 
lacquers and varnishes. The extensive product range is marketed under international and local brand names, including 
Dulux®, Sikkens®, Astral®, Alabastine®, Levis®, Marshall®, Flexa® and Pintuco®. AkzoNobel has a single global 
brand identity for its retail consumer paint range, “Flourish”, which includes the brands Dulux®, Flexa®, Levis®, 
Alba®, Coral®, Marshall®, Astral®, Bruguer®, Dulux Valentine®, Inca®, Sadolin®, Nordsjö® and Vivechrom®. 
Decorative Paints also offers services such as mixing machines, colour concepts and advice, as well as training 
courses for applicators. 
Decorative Paints has its own sales distribution network in addition to selling through agents and distributors. 
Performance Coatings 
AkzoNobel is one of the world’s leading manufacturers and suppliers of performance coatings. Its brands include 
Sikkens®, International® and Interpon®. 
The activities of the Performance Coatings business are divided into four Business Units, being Powder Coatings, 
Automotive and Specialty Coatings, Industrial Coatings, and Marine and Protective Coatings. Together, they supply 
businesses in industries as diverse as architecture, automotive, consumer electronics, marine and aerospace. 
Performance Coatings is active in research and development and product stewardship, including in the field of 
sustainable technology. 
Powder Coatings 
AkzoNobel’s Powder Coatings unit supplies powder coatings to the automotive and architectural industries and the 
general industrial markets for various applications. Powder coatings are solvent-free paints applied to metal and other 
conductive surfaces which are used on products ranging from metal furniture to window frames, radiators, pipes, cars 
and wood and plastic products. AkzoNobel Powder Coatings’ brands include Interpon® and Resicoat®. 
Automotive and Specialty Coatings

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
AkzoNobel’s Automotive and Specialty Coatings unit supplies vehicle refinishes, coatings for consumer electronics, 
automotive plastics and aerospace coatings. The vehicle refinishes business provides coatings and services for 
collision repairers and commercial vehicle refinishers. It also provides coatings and services to the manufacturers of 
bus and trucks and other specialised commercial vehicle builders. Its brands include Sikkens®, Lesonal®, Dynacoat® 
and Wanda®.  
Industrial Coatings 
AkzoNobel’s Industrial Coatings unit supplies metal and wood coatings. The packaging coatings business supplies 
coatings for metal packaging: for beer and beverage cans, food cans, caps and closures and general line cans. The coil 
and extrusion coatings business produces and sells coatings for metal building products (commercial and residential) 
and home appliances. The wood coatings business provides finishes and adhesives to a wide variety of applications.  
The wood finishes business provides coatings for wood furniture, cabinetry and wood building products (flooring, 
panelling, windows, doors and exterior siding). The wood adhesives business supplies adhesives and bonding 
solutions for the wood working industry (furniture, flooring, structural elements and wood panels). The board resins 
business sells and produces bonding resins for the manufacturers of engineered wood panels such as particleboard, 
MDF and HDF, oriented strand board and plywood.  
Marine and Protective Coatings 
AkzoNobel’s Marine and Protective Coatings unit supplies coatings and services for ships and yachts as well as 
protective coatings and fire protection products for steel structures in a wide range of industries.  
The markets for marine coatings are new-building, repair and maintenance of deep sea, coastal and navy vessels. 
AkzoNobel’s Marine Coatings brands include International®. In the yacht market, the business provides products to 
the superyacht industry and recreational boats industries. 
The protective coatings business produces protective coatings and fire protection products for steel structures in a wide 
range of industries, including power generation, upstream and downstream oil and gas facilities, chemical and 
petrochemical installations, high value infrastructure (including airports and sports stadia), mining and minerals and 
water and water treatment markets. The business also offers weather resistant (rotor) blade and tower coatings for on-
shore and off-shore wind turbines. 
Litigation 
Environmental matters 
The Group is confronted with costs arising out of environmental laws and regulations, which include obligations to 
eliminate or limit the effects on the environment of the disposal or release of certain wastes or substances at various 
sites. Proceedings involving environmental matters, such as the alleged discharge of chemicals or waste materials into 
the air, water, or soil, are pending against us in various countries. In some cases this concerns sites divested in prior 
years or derelict sites belonging to companies acquired in the past. It is the Company’s policy to accrue and charge 
against earnings environmental clean-up costs when it is probable that a liability has materialised and an amount is 
reliably estimable. These accruals are reviewed periodically and adjusted, if necessary, as assessments and clean-ups 
proceed and additional information becomes available. Estimating the impact of environmental liabilities often is 
complex and requires significant judgement. It requires the assessment of many (often interconnected) elements, 
which contain varying levels of uncertainty. Environmental liabilities can change substantially due to the emergence 
of additional information on the nature or extent of the contamination, the geological circumstances, changes in (the 
interpretation and enforcement of) environmental regulations, new and evolving analytical and remediation 
techniques, success or lack of success of currently anticipated clean-up methods, the necessity of employing particular 
methods of remediation, success in allocating liability to other potentially responsible parties, the financial viability of

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
other potentially responsible parties and third-party indemnitors, actions by governmental agencies or private parties, 
or other factors. Especially for sites for which the Group is faced with relatively new legislation, which are in the early 
stages of discussions with regulators, and/or where there is limited information available from earlier experience, there 
may be considerable variability between the clean-up activities that are currently being undertaken or planned and the 
ultimate actions that could be required. For such sites, the costs for the earlier years might be rather reliably estimable, 
whilst for later years it is much more difficult, if possible at all, to estimate the cost of environmental compliance and 
remediation. If the level of uncertainty is such that no reliable estimate can be made for the longer-term costs, no 
provision for such costs is recorded. Cash expenditures often lag behind the period in which an accrual is recorded by 
a number of years. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of all pending environmental exposures, it is possible 
that there will be a need for future provisions for environmental costs which, in management’s opinion, based on 
information currently available, would not have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position but 
could be material to the Company’s results of operations in any one accounting period. 
Claims and litigation 
AkzoNobel has provided various indemnities and guarantees in respect of past divestments to the relevant purchasers 
and their permitted assigns (if applicable), which in general are subject to time limits in which claims can be made 
and/or limits on the amount which can be claimed (generally by reference to the value received). These indemnities 
and guarantees have varying maturity periods. AkzoNobel has received various claims under these indemnities and 
guarantees. In some instances, AkzoNobel has been named as a direct defendant despite the divestments. 
AkzoNobel has withdrawn its declarations of joint and several liability under Article 403 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code for certain Dutch former Specialty Chemicals subsidiaries divested as per 1 October 2018 and is following the 
procedures to terminate its residual liability under those declarations under Article 404 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code. One objection against the termination of residual liability is still pending and Akzo Nobel N.V., Nouryon and 
Nobian continue to cooperate to get these resolved. 
A number of other claims against AkzoNobel are pending, all of which are contested.  
AkzoNobel is also involved in legal disputes and disputes with tax authorities in several jurisdictions. 
Provisions are recognised when an outflow of economic benefits for settlement is probable and the amount is reliably 
estimable. It should be understood that, in light of possible future developments, such as (a) potential additional 
lawsuits, (b) possible future settlements, and (c) rulings or judgments in pending law suits, certain cases may result in 
additional liabilities and related costs. At this point in time, AkzoNobel cannot estimate any additional amount of loss 
or range of loss in excess of recorded amounts with sufficient certainty to allow such amount or range of amounts to 
be meaningful. Moreover, if and to the extent that the contingent liabilities materialise, they are typically paid over a 
number of years and the timing of such payments cannot be predicted with confidence. 
While the outcome of these cases, claims and disputes cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based 
upon legal advice and information received, that the final outcome will not materially affect the Company’s 
consolidated financial position but could be material to our results of operations or cash flows in any one accounting 
period.

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
TAXATION  
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on the Issuer’s understanding of certain aspects of current 
tax laws and practice, regulations, rulings and decisions in The Netherlands, Luxembourg and Hong Kong, 
respectively, as at the date of this Prospectus, all of which are subject to change (with or without retroactive effect). 
The comments relate to the position of persons (other than Dealers) who are the absolute beneficial owners of the 
Notes and interest thereon, but are not exhaustive and may not apply to certain classes of persons. Further, the 
summary does not address the credit of foreign taxes. Neither the comments below nor any other statements in this 
Prospectus are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any Noteholder or any person acquiring, selling or 
otherwise dealing in Notes. Prospective holders of Notes and Noteholders who may be unsure of their tax position or 
who may be subject to tax in any other jurisdiction should consult their own professional advisers. 
The Netherlands  
This section outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and 
disposal of the Notes or the Coupons. It does not present a comprehensive or complete description of all aspects of 
Dutch tax law which could be relevant to a Noteholder or Couponholder.  
For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder or Couponholder may include an individual or entity that does not hold the legal 
title of the Notes or the Coupons, but to whom or to which, the Notes or Coupons are, or income from the Notes or the 
Coupons is, nevertheless attributed based either on this individual or entity owning a beneficial interest in the Notes or 
the Coupons or on specific statutory provisions. These include statutory provisions attributing Notes or the Coupons to 
an individual who is, or who has directly or indirectly inherited from a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar 
originator of a trust, foundation or similar entity that holds the Notes or the Coupons. 
This section is intended as general information only. Prospective Noteholders or Couponholders should consult their 
own tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes or Coupons. 
This section is based on Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts and as published and in effect on 
the date of the Prospectus, including the tax rates applicable on that date, without prejudice to any amendments 
introduced at a later date and implemented with or without retroactive effect.  
Any reference in this section made to Dutch taxes, Dutch tax or Dutch tax law should be construed as a reference to 
taxes of whatever nature levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or taxing authorities or to 
the law governing such taxes, respectively. “The Netherlands” means the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands 
located in Europe. 
This section does not describe any Dutch tax considerations or consequences that may be relevant where a Noteholder 
or Couponholder:  
(i) 
is an individual and the Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s income or capital gains derived from the Notes or 
the Coupons are attributable to employment activities, the income from which is taxable in the 
Netherlands;  
(ii) 
is an entity that, although it is in principle subject to Dutch corporate income tax under the Dutch 
Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) (the “CITA”), is not subject to 
Dutch corporate income tax or is fully or partly exempt from Dutch corporate income tax (such as a 
qualifying pension fund as described in Section 5 CITA and a tax exempt investment fund (vrijgestelde 
beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 6a CITA), or is an entity that is not tax resident in the 
Netherlands and that has a function comparable to a tax exempt investment fund (vrijgestelde 
beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 6a CITA;

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
(iii) 
is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 28 CITA, or is an entity that is 
not tax resident in the Netherlands and that has a function comparable to an investment institution 
(beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 28 CITA; or 
(iv) 
is a corporate entity and a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Saint Martin having an enterprise which is, in 
whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent 
representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba, to which the Notes are 
attributable. 
The statements below are based on the assumption that the Final Terms of any Series of Notes or the Coupons will 
not materially deviate from the Conditions as set out in this Prospectus, in particular with regard to the status of 
the Notes or the Coupons. 
Withholding Tax 
Any payments made under the Notes or Coupons will not be subject to withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any Dutch taxes, unless the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder is a Related Entity and: 
(i) 
is considered resident in a state that qualifies as a low taxed jurisdiction or a jurisdiction that is listed on 
the European Union list of non-cooperative jurisdictions (“Listed Jurisdictions”); or 
(ii) 
is considered resident in another state, but the interest under the Notes or Coupons is allocated by the 
Noteholder or Couponholder to a permanent establishment situated in one of the Listed Jurisdictions; or 
(iii) 
holds the interest in the Issuer with the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, to avoid taxation due 
on the interest received in respect of the Notes or Coupons by another entity and holds the interest, or is 
deemed to hold the interest, as part of an artificial arrangement or transaction (or a series of artificial 
arrangements or composite of transactions); or 
(iv) 
is a resident in a state, under the laws of that state, not being one of the Listed Jurisdictions, and that state 
does not treat such Noteholder or Couponholder as the beneficiary to payments under the Notes or 
Coupons because that state considers another entity in which the Noteholder or Couponholder holds an 
interest, as the beneficiary of such payments, and is not able to make use of an applicable rebuttal 
scheme; or 
(v) 
under the laws of the state in which the Noteholder or Couponholder is incorporated (“Incorporation 
State”), not being one of the Listed Jurisdictions, it is not considered the beneficiary to payments under 
the Notes or Coupons because such Noteholder or Couponholder, under the laws of the Incorporation 
State, is not considered a resident of the Incorporation State while such Noteholder or Couponholder is 
not considered a resident of another state under the laws of that other state either, and is not able to make 
use of an applicable rebuttal scheme; or 
(vi) 
is as Dutch partnership (samenwerkingsverband), at least 50 per cent. of the voting rights, profits rights or 
capital interests of which are held by affiliated entities (“Interest Holders”) that are resident in a 
jurisdiction that treats such partnership as a taxpayer for purposes of a tax levied on profits and the profits 
of that partnership would be attributable to the Interest Holders for Dutch tax purposes, but for the 
application of Section 2, paragraph 12 CITA, other than certain investment funds (“Reverse Hybrid 
Entity”), only to the extent that an entity is a resident in a jurisdiction that does not treat such partnership 
as a taxpayer for purposes of a tax levied on profits, holds a Qualifying Interest in the Reverse Hybrid

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
Entity and that entity would have been the subject to withholding tax if it would have been entitled to 
payments under the Notes or Coupons directly. 
If the conditions above are satisfied, interest, including original issue discount, under the Notes or Coupons will 
be subject to a Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25.8 per cent. 
A Noteholder or Couponholder is considered a Related Entity if: 
(i) 
 it has a Qualifying Interest in the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in the Noteholder or the Couponholder; or  
(iii) 
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and the Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The term Qualifying Interest means a direct or indirectly held interest – either by the entity individually or jointly 
if the entity is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that enables the entity or the collaborating 
group to exercise a decisive influence on another entities’ decisions, such as the Issuer, the Noteholder or 
Couponholder as the case may be, and allows it to determine the other entities’ activities. 
A jurisdiction is considered low taxed if it is designated as such in an annually updated ministerial decree of the 
Dutch Ministry of Finance. At the date of this Prospectus, the designated low taxed jurisdictions are the American 
Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Anguilla, the Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, 
the Cayman Islands, Fiji, Guernsey, Guam, the Isle of Man, Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Trinidad and Tobago, 
Turkmenistan, the Turks and Caicos Islands, Vanuatu and the United Arab Emirates. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A Noteholder or Couponholder will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on any payment made to the Noteholder or 
Couponholder under the Notes or Coupons or on any capital gain made by the Noteholder or the Couponholder 
from the disposal, or deemed disposal, or redemption of, the Notes or the Coupons, except if: 
(i) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder is, or is deemed to be, resident in The Netherlands for Dutch (corporate) 
income tax purposes; 
(ii) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder derives profits from an enterprise, whether as entrepreneur (ondernemer) or 
pursuant to a co-entitlement (medegerechtigde) to the net worth of such enterprise other than as an 
entrepreneur or a shareholder, which enterprise is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent 
establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands 
to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes or the Coupons are attributable; 
(iii) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder is an individual and has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang), or a 
fictitious substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer which is not attributable to an 
enterprise, or derives benefits from miscellaneous activities (overige werkzaamheden) carried out in the 
Netherlands in respect of the Notes or Coupons, including (without limitation) activities which are beyond 
the scope of active portfolio investment activities; 
(iv) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder is not an individual and (a) the Noteholder or Couponholder has a 
substantial interest, or a fictitious substantial interest, in the Issuer, (b) which (fictitious) substantial interest is 
held with the main purpose or one of the main purposes, of avoiding that another individual is subject to 
income tax and (c) there is an artificial arrangement or transaction (or a series of artificial arrangements) to 
achieve such purpose;

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
(v) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder is not an individual and is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or 
a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, other than by way of the holding of securities, which 
enterprise is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes or the Coupons are 
attributable; or 
(vi) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder is an individual and is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise, other 
than by way of securities, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes 
or the Coupons are attributable. 
Generally, a Noteholder or Couponholder has a substantial interest if such Noteholder or Couponholder, alone or - in 
case of in individual - together with his partner, directly or indirectly: 
(i) 
owns, or holds certain rights on, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding 
capital of the Issuer, or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
holds rights to, directly or indirectly, acquire shares, whether or not already issued, representing, directly or 
indirectly, 5 per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital of the Issuer, or of the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
owns, or holds certain rights on, profit participating certificates that relate to 5 per cent. or more of the annual 
profit of the Issuer or to 5 per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of the Issuer. 
A Noteholder or Couponholder who is an individual and has the ownership of shares of the Issuer will also have a 
substantial interest if his partner or one of certain relatives of the Noteholder or Couponholder or of his partner has a 
substantial interest. If a Noteholder or Couponholder who has a substantial interest in the Issuer holds other shares in 
the Issuer, including shares of a different class, or holds profit-sharing certificates of the Issuer, these will also become 
part of the substantial interest of the Noteholder or Couponholder. 
Generally, a Noteholder or Couponholder has a fictitious substantial interest if without having an actual substantial 
interest in the Issuer: 
(i) 
an enterprise has been contributed in exchange for shares of the Issuer on an elective non- recognition basis; 
(ii) 
the shares have been obtained under inheritance law or matrimonial law, on a non-recognition basis, while the 
previous shareholder had a substantial interest in the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the shares have been acquired pursuant to a share merger, legal merger or legal demerger, on an elective non-
recognition basis, while the Noteholder or Couponholder prior to this transaction had a substantial interest in 
an entity that was party to that transaction; or 
(iv) 
the shares held by the Noteholder or Couponholder, prior to dilution, qualified as a substantial interest and, by 
election, no gain was recognised upon disqualification of these shares. 
Gift tax or inheritance tax 
No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax is due in respect of any gift of the Notes or the Coupons by, or inheritance of the 
Notes or the Coupons on the death of, a Noteholder or Couponholder, unless: 
(i) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder is a resident, or is deemed to be a resident, in the Netherlands at the time of 
the gift or death of the Noteholder or Couponholder;

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
(ii) 
the Noteholder or Couponholder dies within 180 days after the date of the gift of the Notes or Coupons and 
was, or was deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands at the time of the Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s 
death but not at the time of the gift; or 
(iii) 
the gift of the Notes or Coupons is made under a condition precedent and the Noteholder or Couponholder is 
resident, or is deemed to be resident, in the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled. 
Other Taxes 
No other Dutch taxes, including turnover tax and taxes of a documentary nature, such as capital tax, stamp or 
registration tax or duty, are payable by the Issuer or by, or on behalf of, the Noteholder or Couponholder by reason 
only of the issue, acquisition or transfer of the Notes or Coupons. 
Residency 
A Noteholder or Couponholder will not become resident, or deemed resident of the Netherlands by reason only of 
holding the Notes or Coupons. Subject to the exceptions above, a Noteholder or Couponholder will not become 
subject to Dutch taxes by reason only of the Issuer’s performance, or the Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s acquisition 
(by way of issue or transfer to the Noteholder or Couponholder), ownership or disposal of the Notes or the Coupons, 
except if a Noteholder or Couponholder meets the conditions for interest under the Notes or Coupons to be subject to 
withholding tax as described in the paragraph “Withholding tax” above, in which case a deficiency assessment may be 
imposed on such Noteholder or Couponholder if the Issuer does not pay the withholding tax due in whole or in part. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
Interest Withholding Tax – Luxembourg non-resident 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium 
or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders. 
Interest Withholding Tax – Luxembourg resident 
Under the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 introducing a final withholding tax on certain interest deriving from 
savings income, as amended (the “RELIBI Law”), payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a 
paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is 
resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. (the “20 per cent. Withholding Tax”). 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by a Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest 
under the Notes coming within the scope of the RELIBI Law would be subject to the 20 per cent. Withholding Tax.  
Pursuant to the RELIBI Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, can opt to 
self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. levy on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU Member State or 
in a State of the EEA other than Luxembourg. 
If such an option is exercised by an individual tax resident Noteholder for a year, that option is irrevocable for that 
individual for that year, and makes him/her responsible for applying and paying the 20 per cent. levy in respect of 
interest they receive on Notes. 
For these purposes, the ‘paying agent’ under the RELIBI Law is the economic operator which pays interest or 
allocates the payment of the interest to the immediate benefit of the beneficial owner – i.e. the last person in the 
payment chain before the Luxembourg tax resident individual.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
Hong Kong  
Withholding Tax 
No withholding tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of payments of principal or interest on the Notes or in respect 
of any capital gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
Profits Tax 
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong in 
respect of profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, profession or business (excluding profits 
arising from the sale of capital assets). 
Interest on the Notes may be deemed to be profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from a trade, profession or 
business carried on in Hong Kong in the following circumstances: 
(i) 
interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a company carrying on a 
trade, profession or business in Hong Kong; 
(ii) 
interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a person, other than a 
company, carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong and is in respect of the funds of that 
trade, profession or business; or 
(iii) 
interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a financial institution (as defined in the Inland Revenue 
Ordinance (Cap. 112) of Hong Kong (the “IRO”)) and arises through or from the carrying on by the financial 
institution of its business in Hong Kong; or 
(iv) 
interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a company, other than a financial institution, and arises 
through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the company of its intra-group financing business (within 
the meaning of section 16(3) of the IRO). 
Gains or profits arising on the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes may be deemed to be profits arising in or 
derived from Hong Kong from a trade, profession or business carried on in Hong Kong in the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
gains or profits from the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes arise in or are derived from Hong Kong 
and are received by or accrue to a company carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong; 
(ii) 
gains or profits from the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes arise in or are derived from Hong Kong 
and are received by or accrue to a person, other than a company, carrying on a trade, profession or business in 
Hong Kong and are in respect of the funds of that trade, profession or business; 
(iii) 
gains or profits from the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes are received by or accrue to a financial 
institution and arise through or from the carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong Kong; 
or 
(iv) 
gains or profits from the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes are received by or accrue to a company, 
other than a financial institution, and arise through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the company of 
its intra-group financing business (within the meaning of section 16(3) of the IRO). 
Gains or profits from the sale, disposal or redemption of Registered Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax 
where they arise in or are derived from Hong Kong and are received by or accrue to a person, including a company

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
(whether or not a financial institution), from the carrying on by such person of a trade, profession or business in Hong 
Kong. 
Special rules exist for the assessment and calculation of Hong Kong profits tax for certain types of person (for 
example financial institutions, corporate treasury centres, life insurance companies and partnerships) and certain types 
of security (for example regulatory capital securities), and prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to Hong Kong profits tax. 
Stamp Duty 
Stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of Bearer Notes provided either: 
(i) 
such Bearer Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong and are not repayable 
in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Bearer Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 117) of Hong 
Kong). 
If stamp duty is payable it is payable by the Issuer on the issue of Bearer Notes at a rate of 3 per cent. of the market 
value of the Notes at the time of issue. 
No ad valorem stamp duty will be payable on any subsequent transfer of Bearer Notes. 
No stamp duty is payable on the issue of Registered Notes. Stamp duty may be payable on any transfer of Registered 
Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. Stamp duty will, however, not be payable on 
any transfers of Registered Notes provided either: 
(a) 
the Registered Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong and are not 
repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(b) 
the Registered Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 117) of Hong 
Kong). 
If stamp duty is payable in respect of the transfer of Registered Notes it will be payable at the rate of 0.26 per cent. (of 
which 0.13 per cent. is payable by the seller and 0.13 per cent. is payable by the purchaser) normally by reference to 
the consideration or its value. If, in the case of either the sale or purchase of such Registered Notes, stamp duty is not 
paid, both the seller and the purchaser may be liable jointly and severally to pay any unpaid stamp duty and also any 
penalties for late payment. If stamp duty is not paid on or before the due date (two days after the sale or purchase if 
effected in Hong Kong or 30 days if effected elsewhere) a penalty of up to 10 times the duty payable may be imposed. 
In addition, stamp duty is payable at the fixed rate of HK$5 on each instrument of transfer executed in relation to any 
transfer of the Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. 
Estate Duty 
No estate duty will be payable in respect of Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS 
The following is a general description of certain currency controls in the PRC and is based on the law and relevant 
interpretations thereof in effect as at the date of this Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, and does not 
constitute legal advice. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all applicable currency controls in the PRC 
relating to the Notes. Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt as to PRC currency controls are advised to 
consult their own professional advisers. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC 
The Renminbi is not a freely convertible currency. The remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC is subject to 
controls imposed under PRC law. 
Current Account Items 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, current account item payments refer to any transaction for 
international receipts and payments involving goods, services, earnings and other frequent transfers into and outside 
the PRC. 
Prior to July 2009, all current account items were required to be settled in foreign currencies with limited exceptions. 
Following progressive reforms, Renminbi settlement of imports and exports of goods and of services and other current 
account items became permissible nationwide in 2012, except that the key enterprises on a Supervision List 
determined by the PBOC and five other relevant authorities would be subject to enhanced scrutiny when banks 
process current account cross-border repatriations.  
On 5 July 2013, the PBOC promulgated the Circular on Simplifying the Procedures for Cross-Border Renminbi 
Transactions and Improving Related Policies (the “2013 PBOC Circular”) with the intent to improve the efficiency 
of cross-border Renminbi settlement and facilitate the use of Renminbi for the settlement of cross-border transactions 
under current accounts or capital accounts. In particular, the 2013 PBOC Circular simplifies the procedures for cross-
border Renminbi trade settlement under current account items. For example, PRC banks, based on due diligence 
review to know their clients (i.e., PRC enterprises), may conduct settlement for such PRC enterprises upon the PRC 
enterprises presenting the payment instruction, with certain exceptions. PRC banks may also allow PRC enterprises to 
make/receive payments under current account items prior to the relevant PRC bank’s verification of underlying 
transactions (noting that verification of underlying transactions is usually a precondition for cross-border remittance). 
On 1 November 2014, the PBOC promulgated the Notice on Matters concerning Centralised Cross-Border RMB Fund 
Operation conducted by Multinational Enterprise Groups, which provides that qualified multinational enterprise 
groups (“MEGs”) may carry out cross-border Renminbi fund centralised operations via a group member incorporated 
in the PRC, which operations include (i) two-way Renminbi cash-pooling arrangement and (ii) centralised receipt and 
payment of cross-border Renminbi under the current account. A qualified MEG shall have an aggregate revenue 
generated by domestic participating group members of no less than RMB 5 billion, and an aggregate revenue 
generated by foreign participating group members of no less than RMB 1 million. The group parent company of a 
qualified MEG may be incorporated in or outside of the PRC. On 5 September 2015, the PBOC promulgated the 
Circular on Further Facilitating the Cross-Border Bi-directional Renminbi Cash Pooling Business by Multinational 
Enterprise Groups (the “2015 PBOC Circular”), which, among other things, has lowered the eligibility requirements 
for multinational enterprise groups and increased the cap for net cash flow. 
The Circular Regarding Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the Stabilization of Foreign 
Trade and Foreign Investment, jointly promulgated by the PBOC, NDRC, MOFCOM, the State-owned Assets 
Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the CBIRC and SAFE on 31 December 2020 and 
effective on 4 February 2021, allows the non-investment foreign-invested enterprises to make domestic reinvestment 
with RMB capital in accordance with the law on the premise that they comply with prevailing regulations and the

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
invested projects in PRC are authentic and compliant. In addition, if a foreign-invested enterprise uses RMB income 
under capital accounts to conduct domestic reinvestment, the invested enterprise is not required to open a special 
deposit account for RMB capital. 
Notice on Supports for Cross-border Renminbi Settlement Services for New Business Forms of Foreign Trade, 
promulgated by the PBOC on 16 June 2022 and effective on 21 July 2022, expands the scope of cross-border RMB 
settlement and clearance businesses to be carried out by eligible payment institutions, from trades in goods and 
services to all current account transactions (which include transfer of individual incomes for eligible uses). 
Furthermore, it allows domestic banks to collaborate with non-banking payment institutions that have obtained an 
internet payment business permit to engage in cross-border RMB settlement and clearance.  
On 11 January 2023, the PBOC and MOFCOM jointly issued the Notice on Further Supporting Foreign Trade 
Enterprises to Expand the Cross-border Use of Renminbi to Promote the Facilitation of Trade and Investment, which 
enhances RMB-denominated settlements for trades in goods, trades in services, commodities trading and trades and 
investments between PRC and certain neighbouring countries (regions), etc.  
The regulations referred to above will be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant PRC authorities. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as 
the case may be) the use of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as current account items, then such 
settlement will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. Local 
authorities may adopt different practices in applying these regulations and impose conditions for the settlement of 
current account items.  
Capital Account Items 
Under the applicable PRC foreign exchange control regulations, capital account items include cross-border transfers of 
capital, direct investments, securities investments, derivative products and loans. Capital account payments have been 
generally subject to the approval of the relevant PRC authorities. However, as set out below, it has been announced 
that from 1 June 2015, the capital account regulation in relation to direct investment has been delegated by the 
governmental authority (i.e. the local branches of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”)) to 
designated foreign exchange banks. 
Prior to October 2011, settlements for capital account items were generally required to be made in foreign currencies. 
For instance, foreign investors (including any Hong Kong investors) were required to make any capital contribution to 
foreign invested enterprises in a foreign currency in accordance with the terms set out in the relevant joint venture 
contracts and/or articles of association as approved by the relevant authorities. Foreign invested enterprises or relevant 
PRC parties were also generally required to make capital item payments, including proceeds from liquidation, transfer 
of shares, reduction of capital, interest and principal repayment, to foreign investors in a foreign currency. The 
relevant PRC authorities may, however, have granted approvals for a foreign entity to make a capital contribution or a 
shareholder’s loan to a foreign invested enterprise with Renminbi lawfully obtained by it outside the PRC and for the 
foreign invested enterprise to service interest and principal repayment to its foreign investor outside the PRC in 
Renminbi on a trial basis. The foreign invested enterprise may, however, have been required to complete a registration 
and verification process with the relevant PRC authorities before such Renminbi remittances. 
On 13 October 2011, the PBOC issued the Administrative Measures on RMB Settlement of Foreign Direct Investment 
(“PBOC RMB FDI Measures”) which set out operating procedures for PRC banks to handle Renminbi settlement 
relating to Renminbi foreign direct investment (“RMB FDI”) and borrowing by foreign invested enterprises of 
offshore Renminbi loans. Prior to the PBOC RMB FDI Measures, cross-border Renminbi settlement for RMB FDI has 
required approvals on a case-by-case basis from the PBOC. The new rules replace the PBOC approval requirement 
with less onerous post-event registration and filing requirements. The PBOC RMB FDI Measures provide that, among 
other things, foreign invested enterprises are required to conduct registrations with the local branch of PBOC within 
10 working days after obtaining business licences for the purpose of Renminbi settlement; a foreign investor is

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
allowed to open a Renminbi expense account to reimburse some expenses before the establishment of a foreign 
invested enterprise and the balance in such an account can be transferred to the Renminbi capital account of such 
foreign invested enterprise when it is established; commercial banks can remit a foreign investor’s Renminbi proceeds 
from distribution (dividends or otherwise) by its PRC subsidiaries out of the PRC after reviewing certain requisite 
documents; if a foreign investor intends to use its Renminbi proceeds from distribution (dividends or otherwise) by its 
PRC subsidiaries to reinvest onshore or increase the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries, the foreign investor 
may open a Renminbi reinvestment account to receive such Renminbi proceeds; and the PRC parties selling a stake in 
domestic enterprises to foreign investors can open Renminbi accounts and receive the purchase price in Renminbi paid 
by foreign investors by submitting certain documents as required by the guidelines of PBOC to the commercial banks. 
The PBOC RMB FDI Measures also state that the foreign debt quota of a foreign invested enterprise applies to both its 
Renminbi debt and foreign currency debt owed to its offshore shareholders, offshore affiliates and offshore financial 
institutions, and a foreign invested enterprise may open a Renminbi account to receive its Renminbi proceeds 
borrowed offshore by submitting the Renminbi loan contract and the letter of payment order to the commercial bank 
and make repayments of principal and interest on such debt in Renminbi by submitting certain documents as required 
by the guidelines of the PBOC to the commercial bank. 
On 14 June 2012, the PBOC further promulgated the Notice on Clarifying the Detailed Operating Rules for RMB 
Settlement of Foreign Direct Investment (“PBOC RMB FDI Notice”) to provide more detailed rules relating to cross-
border Renminbi direct investments and settlement. This PBOC RMB FDI Notice details the rules for opening and 
operating the relevant accounts and reiterates the restrictions upon the use of the funds within different Renminbi 
accounts. 
On 5 July 2013, the PBOC promulgated the 2013 PBOC Circular which, among other things, provide more flexibility 
for funds transfers between the Renminbi accounts held by offshore participating banks at PRC onshore banks and 
offshore clearing banks, respectively. 
On 3 December 2013, MOFCOM promulgated the Circular on Issues in relation to Cross-border Renminbi Foreign 
Direct Investment (the “MOFCOM Circular”), which became effective on 1 January 2014, to further facilitate FDI 
by simplifying and streamlining the applicable regulatory framework. Pursuant to the MOFCOM Circular, written 
approval from the appropriate office of MOFCOM and/or its local counterparts is required for each FDI, specifying 
“Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment” and the amount of capital contribution required for each FDI. Unlike the 
previous MOFCOM regulations on FDI, the MOFCOM Circular has also removed the approval requirement for 
foreign investors who intend to change the currency of their existing capital contribution from a foreign currency to 
Renminbi. Consistent with the previous MOFCOM regulations on FDI, the MOFCOM Circular still expressly 
prohibits the FDI Renminbi funds from being used for any investment in securities and financial derivatives (except 
for investment in PRC listed companies by strategic investors) or for entrusted loans in the PRC. 
On 13 February 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange 
Administration on Policies for Foreign Direct Investment (the “2015 SAFE Notice”), which became effective on 1 
June 2015. Under the 2015 SAFE Notice, the SAFE delegates the authority for approval/registration of foreign 
currency (including cross-border Renminbi) related matters for direct investment (inbound and outbound) to 
designated foreign exchange banks. 
On 30 March 2015, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Reforming Foreign Exchange Capital Settlement for Foreign 
Invested Enterprises (the “SAFE Circular”), which became effective on and from 1 June 2015. The SAFE Circular 
allows foreign-invested enterprises to settle 100 per cent. (tentative) of the foreign currency capital (that has been 
processed through SAFE’s equity interest confirmation proceedings for capital contribution in cash or registered by a 
bank on SAFE’s system for account-crediting for such capital contribution) into Renminbi according to their actual 
operational needs, though SAFE reserves its authority to reduce the proportion of foreign currency capital that is 
allowed to be settled in such manner in the future. On the other hand, it is notable that the SAFE Circular continues to 
require that capital contributions should be applied within the business scope of the company for true and the 
company’s own operational purposes; with respect to the Renminbi proceeds obtained through the aforementioned

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
settlement, the SAFE Circular prohibits such proceeds from being applied outside the business scope of the company 
or for any prohibitive purposes in law, or applied directly or indirectly to securities investments (unless otherwise 
permitted in law), to granting entrusted loans or repaying of inter-company lending (including advance payment made 
by third parties) or bank loans that have been on lent to third parties, or to purchasing non-self-use real estates (unless 
it is a real estate company). In addition, the SAFE Circular allows foreign-invested investment companies, foreign-
invested venture capital firms and foreign-invested equity investment companies to make equity investment through 
Renminbi funds to be settled, or those already settled, from their foreign currency capital by transferring such settled 
Renminbi funds into accounts of invested enterprises, according to the actual investment scale of the proposed equity 
investment projects. 
On 29 May 2015, PBOC promulgated an order to revise certain existing PBOC regulations, which is to reflect the 
reform to a new registered capital system of PRC-incorporated companies under the PRC Company Law effective as 
of 1 March 2014 (the “PBOC Order”). Among other things, PBOC confirmed in the PBOC Order that capital 
verification of a foreign-invested enterprise under article 10 of the PBOC RMB FDI Measures is no longer a 
mandatory procedure before the establishment, and the requirement under the PBOC RMB FDI Notice that a foreign-
invested enterprise is not allowed to borrow offshore RMB funds until its registered capital is paid up in full and as 
scheduled is also abolished. 
According to the 2015 PBOC Circular, qualified multinational enterprise groups can extend Renminbi-denominated 
loans to, or borrow Renminbi-denominated loans from, eligible offshore member entities within the same group by 
leveraging the cash pooling arrangements. The Renminbi funds will be placed in a special deposit account and may 
not be used to invest in stocks, financial derivatives, or non-self-use real estate assets, or purchase wealth management 
products or extend loans to enterprises outside the group. 
On 11 January 2017, PBOC promulgated the Notice on Full-Coverage Macro-prudent Management of Cross-border 
Financing (Yin Fa [2017] No. 9) (“Notice 9”, together with the PBOC RMB FDI Measures, the PBOC RMB FDI 
Notice, the PBOC Circular and the PBOC Order, the “PBOC Rules”) which, following the existing regulatory 
framework, widens the scope of application and increases the funds that a corporate or financial institution can raise. 
Notice 9 sets a transition period of one year for foreign-invested enterprises and foreign financial institutions in PRC 
and during such transition period, foreign-invested enterprises and foreign financial institutions may apply either the 
existing rules for management of full-coverage cross-border financing, or the rules under Notice 9, at their discretion. 
However, after the end of the transition period, foreign financial institutions shall automatically be subject to the rules 
under Notice 9, while the rules for foreign-invested enterprises will be determined by PBOC and SAFE after 
assessment based on the overall implementation of Notice 9. 
On 26 January 2017, SAFE issued the Notice on Further Promoting Foreign Exchange Administration Reform and 
Enhancing Authenticity and Compliance Checks (“Circular 3”, together with the 2015 SAFE Notice and the SAFE 
Circular, the “SAFE Rules”), setting out certain foreign exchange-related policies covering a wide spectrum of cross-
border trades, cross-border security, foreign direct investment, outbound direct investment and overseas loan 
extensions. These policies included, amongst other things: (i) an expansion of the scope of settlement of exchange for 
domestic loans in foreign currencies; (ii) allowing overseas loans under domestic guarantee to be transmitted into the 
territory of the PRC by way of loan, equity investment or other methods; and (iii) emphasising the importance of 
authenticity and compliance checks in relation to outbound direct investment. 
On 5 January 2018, PBOC promulgated the “Notice on Further Fine-tuning the Policies on Cross-border RMB 
Business to Promote Trade and Investment Facilitation” (the “2018 PBOC Notice”). Accordingly, an enterprise shall 
be allowed to use Renminbi to settle all cross-border transactions that may be settled by foreign currencies pursuant to 
PRC laws. 
On 23 October 2019, SAFE promulgated the “Circular to Further Promote Cross-border Trade and Investment” (the 
“SAFE 2019 Circular”) to further facilitate cross-border trade and investment by, among other things, allowing 
foreign enterprises which are “non-investment in nature” to conduct onshore equity investment provided that such

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
investment shall not violate any special administrative measures (i.e. the negative list) applicable to foreign enterprises 
investment and the underlying investment project(s) shall be genuine and legitimate. 
On 10 April 2020, SAFE promulgated the “Notice on Optimizing Foreign Exchange Administration to Support the 
Development of Foreign-related Business” to reform and facilitate the payment procedures of income under the capital 
account. Specifically, on the premise of ensuring the authentic and compliant use of funds and complying with the 
existing regulations on the use of income under the capital account, eligible enterprises are allowed to use their income 
derived out of capital contribution, debt, overseas listing, etc. directly for domestic payment, without the need to 
provide the bank with documentary proof for each of the transactions in advance.  
On 31 December 2020, the Circular Regarding Further Optimizing the Cross-border RMB Policy to Support the 
Stabilization of Foreign Trade and Foreign Investment, which was jointly promulgated by the PBOC, NDRC, 
MOFCOM, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the CBIRC and 
SAFE, lifted certain restrictions on the use of Renminbi income on certain capital account items, by allowing domestic 
institutions to make re-investment with RMB denominated capital even if those companies are not investment 
companies by nature and streamlining the requirements of opening corresponding RMB deposit accounts.  
On 11 January 2023, the PBOC and MOFCOM jointly issued the Notice on Further Supporting Foreign Trade 
Enterprises to Expand the Cross-border Use of Renminbi to Promote the Facilitation of Trade and Investment, which 
enhances the RMB-denominated settlements for trades in goods, trade in services, commodities trading, trades and 
investments between PRC and certain neighbouring countries (regions), etc. 
With effect from 1 October 2016, the IMF has determined the Renminbi to be a freely usable currency and has 
accordingly added it to the IMF’s SDR valuation basket (along with the U.S. dollar, the euro, Japanese yen and the 
pounds sterling). On 1 May 2022, the IMF completed its quinquennial review of the SDR valuation and decided to 
raise the weight of the RMB from 10.92% to 12.28%. Despite this, there is no assurance that approval of remittances, 
borrowing or provision of external guarantees in Renminbi will continue to be granted or will not be revoked in the 
future. Further, since the remittance of Renminbi by way of investment or loans are now categorised as capital account 
items, such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in the relevant 
SAFE rules. 
If any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case 
may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, then such 
remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 15 March 
2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
them. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and the Notes may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except 
as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such 
Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer or sale 
of Notes within the United States by any Dealer whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation each Member State of the EEA each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the Issuer may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation is required: 
(a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or 
(b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect 
of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct 
of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or 
into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero 
Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into 
the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. In the event that the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, 
Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. As used herein, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer 
form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during 
their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the 
public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed 
to the public in France, this Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes 
and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment 
services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service 
d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or (c) a limited 
circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles 
L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4of the French Code monétaire et financier (“CMF”), and/or in a transaction 
that, in accordance with article L.411-2 of the CMF and article 211-2 of the Règlement Général of the AMF, does not 
constitute a public offer. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant 
laws and of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other 
than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of 
that Ordinance; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the 
public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and 
any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore, and the Notes has not been and will not be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Accordingly, 
the Notes may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor may this 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or 
purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA 
except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading 
on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the 
FinSA and neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
The People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) to or for the benefit of, legal or natural persons of the 
PRC. 
Further, no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein without obtaining all prior PRC’s governmental approvals that are required, whether statutorily or 
otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this document are required by the Issuer and its representatives to 
observe these restrictions.. 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to present, warrant and agree that the Notes offered have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or 
approved by, the Financial Supervisory Commission of the ROC through a public offering or in circumstances which 
constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of the ROC or relevant laws and regulations 
that requires a registration, filing or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of the ROC and/or other 
regulatory authority of the ROC, No person or entity in the ROC has been authorised to offer or sell the Notes in the 
ROC.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO 
AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL 
INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL 
INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU 
(AS AMENDED, “MIFID II”); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE 2016/97/EU (AS AMENDED, THE 
“INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE”), WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT 
QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF 
MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS AMENDED, 
THE “PROSPECTUS REGULATION”). 
CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (THE “PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO 
AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL 
INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR 
MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 
2017/565, AS AMENDED, AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (“EUWA”); OR 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FSMA AND ANY 
RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 
2016/97, AS AMENDED, WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) 
NO 600/2014, AS AMENDED, AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF 
THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA. 
 
1 This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (See Part B, Para 8).

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (AS AMENDED, 
THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK PRIIPS 
REGULATION.]2 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a ‘distributor’) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as 
amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE: Solely for the purposes of discharging its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore 
(as amended and restated from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]/[capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)].]3 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
 
2 This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (See Part B, Para 8). 
3 If the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate notes, the product classification of the Notes as 
"prescribed capital markets products" under the SFA may need to be reassessed.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
Akzo Nobel N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500XYIJUGXAA5QD70 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Prospectus 
dated 15 March 2023 (the “Prospectus”) [and the supplement(s) to the Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for viewing during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent at 21st 
Floor, Citigroup Centre 2, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s website at www.luxse.com and copies may be obtained from the specified office of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Prospectus 
dated [4 April 2014]/[25 February 2016]/[3 April 2020]/[9 March 2022] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Prospectus dated 15 March 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus dated 15 March 2023 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [4 April 2014]/[25 February 2016]/[3 April 2020]/[9 March 
2022]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Prospectus [and the supplements thereto dated [●]]. The Prospectus [and the supplement(s) 
thereto] are available for viewing during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
at 21st Floor, Citigroup Centre 2, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.luxse.com and copies may be obtained from the specified office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted) or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance 
for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert title of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
2 
[(i)] 
Specified Currency:  
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Relevant Currency: 
[●] (N.B. only relevant in relation to Condition 7(i) 
when the Specified Currency is Renminbi, otherwise, 
delete)] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]”) 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading on a EEA or UK exchange; and (ii) only 
offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, the €100,000 minimum denomination is 
not required) 
(N.B. Notes (including Notes denominated in pounds 
sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. NB: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date (see Condition 6(a)): 
[Specify date]/[(for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify the 
relevant month and year]]4 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[●]-month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify 
reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph [13]/ 
[14]/[15], as applicable) 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[●] [latter possible for Zero 
Coupon Notes only] per cent. of their Aggregate 
Nominal Amount 
10 
Change of Interest / Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Special Redemption Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph [16]/ 
[17]/[18]/[19], as applicable) 
12 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
[●] [and [●], respectively]/[Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4  
Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, it will be necessary 
to use the second option here.

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●]/[] and []/[], [], [] and [] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below]5 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY 0.01, 
CNY 0.005 for the case of Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards]6 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
[The Broken Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in]/[on] [●] shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resulting figure to nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards]7 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual – ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(viii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
5  
Appropriate for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification. No adjustment 
or Business Day Convention required for vast majority of other currencies. 
6  
Appropriate for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification. 
7  
Appropriate for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification.

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Effective Interest Payment Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[The date falling [●] Business Days 
following each Interest Payment Date, provided that 
the Effective Interest Payment Date with respect to the 
last Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Notes before the Maturity 
Date, the date fixed for redemption (include for 
Payment Delay only)]8 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (iv) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] (for Payment Delay, 
always specify a Business Day Convention) 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
8  
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Paying Agent.

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●]-month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify 
Reference Rate] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period]/[First day of each 
Interest Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business 
Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for each Interest Period (or immediately preceding 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment 
Date at the end of each Interest Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date 
(include this wording for Payment Delay only)]9 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website] 
(For example, if not Reuters EURIBOR01) 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not 
Applicable]10 
 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]  
 
– Reference Banks: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average]/[Compounded Daily]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation Shift]/[Payment 
Delay]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Look-back Period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]11 
(Not to be specified as less than five Business Days 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
 
– D: 
[365]/[360]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
 
9  
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR, without the prior 
agreement of the Paying Agent. 
10  
Select “Not Applicable” for SONIA or SOFR. 
11 
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the 
Observation Method; otherwise, select “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
applicable (used for Payment Delay only)]12/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If Index Determination not applicable, delete the 
below remaining of this paragraph) 
 
– SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[●]/[The date falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
the relevant Interest Period)] 
 
– Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]13 
 
– Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
– Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual – ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
 
12  
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Paying Agent. 
13  
This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where Compounded 
Daily SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
15 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(h)) 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual – ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]/[Any date from and including [] to but excluding 
[]] 
 
(ii) 
Par Call Period: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
6(b) 
applies]/[Make-Whole Amount] 
 
– Optional Redemption Calculation Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date] 
 
– Par Call Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
– Determination Time: 
[●] 
 
– Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
– Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
17 
[Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[]

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
(ii) 
Special Redemption Longstop Date: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Special Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Special Redemption Option Period: 
The period from []/[the Issue Date] to []/[the Special 
Redemption Longstop Date] 
(Consideration 
should 
be 
given 
by 
the 
Dealers/Managers as to whether a supplement to the 
Prospectus is required prior to the inclusion of the 
Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call))] 
18 
Investor Put 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]/[Any date from and including [] to but excluding 
[]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Put Date: 
[7 days after the Put Period]/[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) applies] 
20 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount: 
[●]/[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Final Redemption 
Amount]/[Early Redemption Amount]/[Optional 
Redemption Amount]/[The higher of the Final 
Redemption Amount and the Optional Redemption 
Amount] 
(if Zero Coupon Notes, should be Early Redemption 
Amount and if Optional Redemption Amount in 
paragraph [16] specifies Make-Whole Amount, should 
be Optional Redemption Amount) 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[Par]/[other amount higher than par] per Calculation

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
Amount 
22 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on or after the Exchange Date]14 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
[Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure)]]] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(iii) 
CMU Note: 
[Yes]/[No] (If the Notes are intended to be cleared 
through the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service, the 
CMU Note should be used) 
24 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
sub- paragraphs [13(ii)] and [14(v)] relate) 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made.] 
 
14  
If the Temporary Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the holder, the Notes shall be tradable only in 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) 
provided in paragraph 6 and multiples thereof.

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Akzo Nobel N.V.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the existing Notes which are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
Regulated Market.] (Include where documenting a 
fungible issue whereby original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[To insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii)

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “CRA Regulation”). 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) not 
registered under the CRA Regulation; but (iii) has 
applied for registration: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EU and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the registration decision has 
not yet been provided. 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU; and (ii) 
has not applied for registration and is not registered 
under the CRA Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU but 
the rating it has given to the [Notes] is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation, but the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “CRA Regulation”). 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the EU nor

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
certified under the CRA Regulation and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the [Notes] is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers]/[Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
4.  
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[See “Use of Proceeds” section in the Prospectus/specify particular identified use of proceeds] 
5. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
6 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
CMU Instrument Number: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
CMU and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No] 
[Include this text if “yes” selected: Note that the 
designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Include this text if “no” selected: Whilst the 
designation is set at “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names]

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1]/[2]; [TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no "key 
information document" will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no "key 
information document" will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
9  
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
10 
BENCHMARKS: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended][the FCA pursuant to Article 
36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended][ Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018].]15 
 
 
15  
Include if there is any change to the administrator already specified in the Prospectus with respect to a benchmark pursuant to Article 36 
of the EU BMR and/or UK BMR.

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
(1) 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and update of the Programme was authorised 
by resolutions of the Board of Management of AkzoNobel passed on 23 November 2011 and the written 
resolutions adopted on 6 February 2023 and resolutions of the Supervisory Board of AkzoNobel passed on 29 
November 2011 and the written resolutions adopted on 7 February 2023.  
(3) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
 (4) 
Except as disclosed in “Description of the Business of the Group — Litigation” on pages 89 and 90 of this 
Prospectus, AkzoNobel has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which AkzoNobel is aware) during the 
12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of AkzoNobel or of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
(5) 
AkzoNobel has not entered into any material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of 
AkzoNobel’s business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to AkzoNobel’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect of the Notes. 
(6) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code”. 
(7) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer has also 
applied to have Notes accepted for clearance through the CMU. The relevant CMU instrument number will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(8) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant Final 
Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any 
post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(9) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent on 21st Floor, Citigroup Centre 2, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom:

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the constitutional documents of AkzoNobel; 
(iv) 
the published annual report including the audited consolidated and company financial statements of 
AkzoNobel as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021; 
(v) 
the published annual report including the audited consolidated and company financial statements of 
AkzoNobel as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022; 
(vi) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) 
a regulated market within the EEA or (ii) on a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated 
market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) have access 
within the UK, nor offered (i) in the EEA or (ii) in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to an exemption under section 
86 of the FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent 
as to its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(vii) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any prospectus supplement to this Prospectus or further 
Prospectus. 
This Prospectus, the other Base Prospectuses referred to in it and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
This Prospectus, the financial statements referred to in it as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022 and the articles of association of AkzoNobel are available on the website of 
AkzoNobel (www.akzonobel.com). These documents have been published and will remain available on 
AkzoNobel’s website in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(10) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. has audited the consolidated and company financial statements of 
AkzoNobel as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus, as stated in its independent auditor’s reports that are included in the annual 
reports, which are incorporated by reference herein. 
The business address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR, 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The auditor signing the independent auditor’s report on behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a Registered Auditor (registeraccountant) included in the 
register maintained by the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).  
(11) 
Since the date of its last published audited financial statements, 31 December 2022, no material adverse 
change in the prospects of AkzoNobel has occurred. Further, since the end of the last financial period for 
which financial information has been published, 31 December 2022, no significant change in the financial 
performance and in the financial position of the Group has occurred.  
 (12) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, AkzoNobel and/or its affiliates

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of AkzoNobel and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 (13) 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) for Akzo Nobel N.V. is 724500XYIJUGXAA5QD70.

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Akzo Nobel N.V. 
Christian Neefestraat 2 
1077 WW Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 1st Floor 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 28660 
Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17  
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris  
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom  
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 2 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
CMU LODGING AGENT 
Citicorp International Limited 
9/F Citi Tower 
One Bay East 
83 Hoi Bun Road 
Kwun Tong 
Kowloon  
Hong Kong

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 80 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to English law 
as to Dutch law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5  
1066 JR Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
EMEA2:101233318