--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P.
(incorporated with limited liability in the State of Kuwait)
U.S.$1,500,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under this U.S.$1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the “Programme”), Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait 
K.S.C.P. (the “Issuer” or the “Bank”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro 
Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed U.S.$1,500,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies).
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Application has been made to the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued 
under the Programme (as defined below) during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the 
“Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Main Securities Market”). The Main Securities Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (each such regulated market being a “Regulated Market”) and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will not apply following the expiry of that period.
References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms
(as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”), the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Main Securities 
Market. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market.
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). Notes in 
registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Global Notes and Certificates may be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions 
governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”.
The Issuer has been assigned ratings of A+ with a negative outlook by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and A2 with a stable outlook by Moody’s 
Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (“Moody’s”).
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As 
such, Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's 
have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd., which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Fitch is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of 24 November 2021) on the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority's Financial Services Register at https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. 
The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.
Whether or not a rating has been given in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. Tranches of Notes (as defined 
in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU or the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.
Arrangers for the Programme
Citigroup
HSBC
J.P. Morgan
Permanent Dealers for the Programme
Ahli Capital Investment 
Company 
Citigroup
HSBC
J.P. Morgan
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 December 2021

--- Page 2 ---
i
IMPORTANT NOTICES
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (as 
defined herein) for each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and, in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of the Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final 
Terms.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arrangers (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of 
the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing 
the same.
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arrangers accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by an Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each Arranger and 
Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained

--- Page 3 ---
ii
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers.
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent examination of the Issuer and 
the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or any of their respective affiliates or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Accordingly, each potential investor in any Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial or other professional advisers, 
whether it:

has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;

has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;

understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and

is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent: (1) the Notes are legal investments for it; (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result 
that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any

--- Page 4 ---
iii
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 
60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF KUWAIT
The Notes may not be issued, marketed or sold in Kuwait unless all necessary approvals pursuant to Law 
No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the Regulating of 
Securities Activities and its executive bylaws (each as amended) (the “CML Rules”) and the various 
resolutions, regulations, directives, instructions and announcements issued pursuant thereto, or in 
connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature), have been obtained from the Kuwait Capital Markets 
Authority (the “CMA”) and/or from the Central Bank of Kuwait (the “CBK”) (as applicable), in respect 
of banks and financial institutions regulated by the CBK, in relation to the issue, marketing and sale of 
the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any of the information contained herein is intended to lead 
to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within Kuwait.
This Base Prospectus is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait nor will the Notes be sold by 
way of a public offering in Kuwait. In the event that the Notes are intended to be purchased onshore in 
Kuwait, the same may only be so purchased through a licensed person duly authorised to undertake such 
activity pursuant to the CML Rules. Investors from Kuwait acknowledge that the CMA and all other 
regulatory bodies in Kuwait assume no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus 
or verify the validity and accuracy thereof. Prior to purchasing any Notes, it is recommended that a 
prospective holder of any Notes seeks professional advice from its advisors in respect to the contents of 
this Base Prospectus so as to determine the suitability of purchasing the Notes.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF QATAR
The Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, in
the State of Qatar (“Qatar”) (including the Qatar Financial Centre), in a manner that would constitute
a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered 
with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar 
Stock Exchange or the Qatar Central Bank in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations 
in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar 
Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in

--- Page 5 ---
iv
Qatar and do not constitute an issue of bonds by a Qatari company under the Qatar Commercial 
Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of Qatar.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing account holders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (“CBB”) in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or the equivalent amount in 
any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of 
Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This
Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the CBB. Accordingly, no securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside 
the Kingdom of Bahrain.
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any 
part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom 
of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed 
to, or made available to the public generally.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as 
are permitted under the rules and regulations issued by the Capital Markets Authority of the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia (the “KSA CMA”). Any offer of Notes to any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
or who is a Saudi person must be made in compliance with (a) in relation to issuances occurring prior to 
1 January 2022, Article 9 or Article 10 of the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations 
as issued by the board of the KSA CMA pursuant to resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H 
(corresponding to 27 December 2017) (the “Offer of Securities Rules”), as amended by the board of the 
KSA CMA resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 1/2/1441H (corresponding to 30 September 2019) (the 
“KSA Regulations”) and Article 10 of the Offer of Securities Rules, as amended by the board of the KSA 
CMA resolution number 1-7-2021 dated 1/6/1442H (corresponding to 14 January 2021) (the “2021 KSA 
Regulations”) and (b) in relation to issuances occurring on or after 1 January 2022, Article 8(a)(1) 
(including the definitions in the Glossary of Defined Terms Used in the Regulations and Rules of the 
Capital Market Authority (the “Glossary”)) or Article 9 of the 2021 KSA Regulations and Article 10 of 
the 2021 KSA Regulations.
The KSA CMA does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the

--- Page 6 ---
v
Notes. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF JAPAN
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). The Notes 
will not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of 1949 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and 
other relevant laws and regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF SINGAPORE
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes a distributor
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 7 ---
vi
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”,
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
vii
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information
Historical financial statements
The financial statements relating to the Group and included in this Base Prospectus are:

the unaudited reviewed interim condensed consolidated financial information as at and for the nine-
month period ended 30 September 2021 (the “Interim Financial Information”);

the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2020 
Financial Statements”); and

the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2019 
Financial Statements” and, together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the “Financial Statements”).
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) as adopted by Kuwait for financial services institutions regulated by the Central Bank of Kuwait (the 
“CBK”) pursuant to regulations for financial services institutions as issued by the CBK. As a result, the 
Financial Statements have not been prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed in the European Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
The only differences between IFRS as adopted by Kuwait for financial services institutions regulated by the 
CBK and IFRS as endorsed in the European Union are as follows:
(a)
expected credit loss (“ECL”) to be measured at the higher of ECL provision on credit facilities computed 
under IFRS 9 in accordance with CBK guidelines or the provisions as required by the CBK instructions 
along with its consequent impact on related disclosures; and
(b)
recognition of modification losses on financial assets arising from payment holidays to customers as a 
result of COVID-19 during the financial year ended 31 December 2020 in retained earnings, as required 
by CBK circular 2/BS/IBS/461/2020, instead of profit or loss as would be required by IFRS 9. However, 
modification losses on financial assets arising from any other payment holidays to customers are to be 
recognised in profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. All modification losses incurred after the year 
ended 31 December 2020 are to be recognised in the statement of profit or loss.  The application of the 
policy will result in application of different accounting presentation for modification losses during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 as compared to the financial year ended 31 December 2021.
The Interim Financial Information has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, 
“Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”), except as stated in note 2(a) to the Interim Financial Information.
The Financial Statements have been jointly audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing by 
Ernst and Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi and Partners (“EY Kuwait”) and Deloitte & Touche, Al Wazzan & Co. 
(“Deloitte Kuwait”), without qualification as stated in their reports appearing herein. The Interim Financial 
Information has been jointly reviewed by EY Kuwait and Deloitte Kuwait in accordance with International 
Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the 
Independent Auditor of the Entity” who have issued an unqualified report on the Interim Financial Information.
The Bank’s financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to “2020”, “2019” and 
2018” are to the 12 month period ended on 31 December in each such year.
All financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 contained in this Base Prospectus is 
as reported in the 2019 Financial Statements. All financial information as at and for the years ended 31

--- Page 9 ---
viii
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 contained in this Base Prospectus is as reported in the 2020 Financial 
Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements, respectively, save for certain immaterial reclassified items which 
are as reported in the comparative financial information for 2019 in the 2020 Financial Statements.
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus is unaudited financial information which has been 
extracted without material adjustment from the accounting records of the Group which form the underlying 
basis of the Financial Statements. In particular, financial information included under “Selected Financial 
Information— Selected Consolidated Ratios and APMs” and “Financial Review—Recent Developments” is 
unaudited.
Certain non-IFRS financial information
This Base Prospectus includes references to capital, leverage and certain other ratios. Although these ratios are 
not IFRS measures, the Group believes that the capital and leverage ratios in particular are important to 
understanding its capital and leverage position, particularly in light of current or planned future regulatory 
requirements to maintain these ratios above prescribed minimum levels. The Group’s interpretation of any 
future planned ratios and the basis of its calculation of these ratios may be different from those of other financial 
institutions. None of the non-IFRS financial information included in this Base Prospectus is subject to any audit 
or review by independent auditors.
Presentation of Other Information
Rounding
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
Currencies
Unless otherwise indicated, in this Base Prospectus, all references to:

“EGP” are to the lawful currency of Egypt;

“KD” and “dinar” are to the lawful currency of Kuwait;

“U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States; and

“€” and “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in 
dinar. The Group’s functional currency is the dinar and the Group prepares its financial statements in dinar.
Third party and market share data
There is no independently determined financial services industry data available in Kuwait. As a result, any 
Group market share data included in this Base Prospectus represents the Group’s own estimates of its market 
shares based on the financial statements published by Kuwaiti banking groups and, where available, industry 
data, such as that produced by the CBK. All such market share information is referred herein to as having been 
estimated and potential investors should note that the data so derived includes significant assets and liabilities 
outside Kuwait and excludes any Kuwaiti assets and liabilities of non-Kuwaiti banking groups. As a result, it 
simply represents an approximation of the Group’s actual market shares. Nevertheless, the Group believes that 
its estimates of market share are helpful as they give prospective investors a better understanding of the industry 
in which the Group operates, as well as its position within that industry. Although all such estimations have

--- Page 10 ---
ix
been made in good faith based on the information available and the Group’s knowledge of the market within 
which it operates, the Bank cannot guarantee that a third party expert using different methods would reach the 
same conclusions.
Statistical information relating to Kuwait included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official public 
sources, including the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”), the International Monetary 
Fund (the “IMF”), the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute, the United States Central Intelligence Agency (the 
“CIA”), the Kuwait Public Authority for Civil Information, the CBK and the Kuwait Central Statistical Bureau 
(the “CSB”). All such statistical information may differ from that stated in other sources for a variety of reasons, 
including the fact that the underlying assumptions and methodology (including definitions and cut-off times) 
may vary from source to source. This data may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any 
such revised data will not be circulated by the Group to investors who have purchased any Notes issues under 
the Programme.
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus, including in relation to Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), 
balance of payments and revenue, expenditure and indebtedness of the Kuwaiti government, have been obtained 
from public sources identified in this Base Prospectus. All statistical information provided in this Base 
Prospectus, and the component data on which it is based, may not have been compiled in the same manner as 
data provided by, and may be different from statistics published by, other sources. Accordingly, the statistical 
data contained in this Base Prospectus should be treated with caution by prospective investors.
Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Group’s own information.
No incorporation of website information
The Bank’s website is www.eahli.com. The information on this website or any other website mentioned in this 
Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not been verified and is not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and investors should not rely on it.
Definitions
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any section of this Base Prospectus will have the meanings 
attributed thereto in the Conditions or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms 
as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:

references to “Egypt” are to the Arab Republic of Egypt;

references to “GCC” are to the Gulf Co-operation Council;

references to “GREs” are to government related entities;

references to “Kuwait” are to the State of Kuwait;

references to a “Member State” are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area;

references to the “MENA region” are to the Middle East and North Africa region; and

references to the “UAE” are to the United Arab Emirates.

--- Page 11 ---
x
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, 
“plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial 
position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward 
looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially 
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding present and future business strategies and the 
environment in which the Issuer expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause actual 
results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements include, 
among other factors described in this Base Prospectus:

the Issuer's ability to receive distributions and other revenue flows from its investments (including its 
subsidiaries);

the Issuer's ability to obtain and maintain sufficient capital to fund its current and future investments and 
financial obligations, including the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing;

the Issuer's ability to manage the growth of the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole 
(the “Group”) successfully;

changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets that affect the Group and the 
value of the Group’s investments;

the political and economic conditions in Kuwait and the Middle East and North Africa (“MENA”) 
region; and

changes in the competitive environment in which the Group operates.
This list of important factors is not exhaustive. When relying on forward-looking statements, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, especially in light 
of the political, economic, social and legal environment in which the Issuer operates. Such forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and are not subject to any continuing obligations 
under the listing rules of Euronext Dublin. Accordingly, the Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update 
or revise any of them, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The Issuer does not 
make any representation, warranty or prediction that the results anticipated by such forward-looking statements 
will be achieved, and such forward-looking statements represent, in each case, only one of many possible 
scenarios and should not be viewed as the most likely or standard scenario.

--- Page 12 ---
xi
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Main Securities Market, shall constitute a supplementary prospectus as required by the Prospectus 
Regulation.
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare an 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each 
Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 13 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................................... 1
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 33
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME....................................................................................................... 34
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 40
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................... 76
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 81
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................. 93
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION............................................................................................... 94
FINANCIAL REVIEW ............................................................................................................................ 103
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP......................................................................................... 131
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 143
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES..................................................................................................... 158
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT....................................................................................................................... 171
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN KUWAIT .................................................................... 175
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 181
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................. 184
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 191

--- Page 14 ---
1
RISK FACTORS
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its Obligations under or in connection with 
Notes issued under the Programme
The Group is affected by regional and global financial markets and economic conditions and could be 
materially adversely affected by any deterioration in economic conditions in Kuwait, Egypt and the 
wider MENA region
The Group, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macro-economic 
environment and the performance of financial markets generally. Following the significant fall in international 
oil prices in mid-2020 as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on demand, the economies of many 
oil producing countries in the Middle East, including Kuwait, have been adversely impacted. See “—Kuwait’s 
economy and government revenues are significantly impacted by, and are dependent upon, international oil 
prices” below.
As at 31 March 2021, despite signs of economic recovery following the lockdowns and business closure 
measures put in place to address the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group believes that further reforms are required 
to boost longer-term growth potential, given the continued macro-economic and financial market fluctuations 
and downward trend in 2021. According to data published by the Kuwait Ministry of Finance, the fiscal deficit 
in Kuwait widened to 15.4 per cent. of GDP in the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021 from 3.1 per cent. of GDP 
in the previous fiscal year. Within the banking sector, borrowing costs, which increased in 2018 as the CBK 
raised its benchmark interest rate by 0.25 per cent. to 3.0 per cent., decreased in October 2019 as the CBK cut 
its benchmark rate by 0.25 per cent. to 2.75 per cent. On 4 March 2020, the CBK lowered its benchmark interest 
rate by 25 basis points to 2.50 per cent. followed by another decrease on 16 March 2020 by 100 basis points 
resulting in a benchmark rate of 1.50 per cent which has been maintained as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
During the same period, the U.S. Federal Reserve cuts resulted in benchmark interest rates ranging between 0 
per cent. to 0.25 per cent.
According to data published by the CBK, the exchange rate of the Kuwaiti dinar remained relatively stable 
against other currencies. In August 2021, the average rate of Kuwaiti dinar against the U.S. dollar amounted to 
300.73 fils to one U.S. dollar compared to 304.16 fils in December 2020, 303.40 fils in December 2019 and 
303.76 fils in December 2018. Despite this relative stability, the exchange rate of the Kuwaiti dinar against 
other currencies could fluctuate due to macro-economic volatility.
Outside Kuwait, the Group’s largest operation within the MENA region is that of its Egyptian subsidiary, Al 
Ahli Bank of Kuwait - Egypt S.A.E. (“ABK Egypt”). Egypt, in past years, and particularly since the 2011 
Egyptian revolution, experienced a turbulent period including significant political unrest and multiple terrorist 
attacks which culminated in a period of economic instability, although economic conditions have been 
somewhat more positive since 2019, up to the COVID-19 outbreak. Egypt is still facing a number of risks, 
including high exposure to external shocks and high debt servicing costs, an acceleration in inflation which is 
currently moderate, as well as further economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, through its 
consolidation of ABK Egypt, the Group is impacted by exchange rate movements in the Egyptian pound and 
any significant devaluation of the Egyptian pound could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. Any developments of a similar nature involving the major GCC 
economies may also have a significant adverse effect on the Group.
Any significant deterioration in macro-economic conditions in the MENA region, and particularly in Kuwait, 
Egypt and the UAE (where the Group has three branches), could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, in particular through increased provisions for credit 
losses and reduced demand for loans and other banking services. See also “—The Group’s loan portfolio,

--- Page 15 ---
2
deposit base, bond portfolios and investment securities portfolio are concentrated in Kuwait and the MENA 
region “ below.
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has 
led to economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in sporadic 
volatility in global markets. COVID-19 was first identified in China in late 2019. Its subsequent rapid spread 
resulted in countries around the world, including Kuwait, imposing varying levels of entry and other restrictions, 
which aimed to reduce in-person interactions. These measures, designed to slow the spread of COVID-19, 
resulted in significant reductions in economic activity globally. Although vaccination drives have commenced 
globally, it remains unclear how long existing restrictions will be in place, the duration of possible future 
restrictions and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies.
According to the World Bank, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, created 
significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, decreased interest rates and pushed over 80 million 
people into extreme poverty in 2020. In addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many 
businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and 
communities. The curfews and lockdown measures in Kuwait and certain other markets and slower economic 
activity, especially during the second quarter of 2020, had a significant adverse impact on the Group which 
could continue in the future. The decrease in interest rates resulted in a reduction in the Group’s interest margins 
while lower transaction volumes resulted in lower fees and commission income. Additionally, the impact of 
non-oil GDP contraction, lower oil prices and lockdown measures increased the level of uncertainty around 
cash flows for certain of the Group’s customers, which led to a significant increase in provision charges in 2020 
compared to 2019.
The COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing and there remains a significant risk of recurring outbreaks in affected 
countries and possible future mutations in the virus may prove difficult to contain. For example, many countries 
in Europe re-introduced full or partial lockdowns in late 2020 and early 2021 in order to stem the “second wave”
of higher infection rates. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Group’s business, results 
of operations, and financial condition, as well as the Group’s regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend 
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration 
of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the 
pandemic. The Group may be forced to consider adjustments to specific elements of its operations and/or 
customer exposures including loan tenor extensions or adjustments to loan and credit card instalments. Any 
material change in the financial markets, the Kuwaiti economy or the global economy as a result of these events 
or developments may materially have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. It should be noted that the impact of COVID-19, including actions taken to contain it, might 
heighten many of the other risks noted within these Risk Factors, including through increasing both the 
probability of negative impact as well as the severity of such impact.
Kuwait’s economy and government revenues are significantly impacted by, and are dependent upon, 
international oil prices
Kuwait’s economy and the economies of a number of other countries in the MENA region are dependent on oil 
and gas and related industries, as well as the prices and production quantities of these commodities.
The oil sector is the principal contributor to Kuwait’s economy and oil revenues account for the majority of the 
Kuwaiti Government’s total revenues and export earnings. According to the CSB, the oil sector (excluding 
refining) accounted for 56.0 per cent., 54.2 per cent., 54.1 per cent. and 53.9 per cent. of Kuwait’s real GDP in 
2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and a provisional 51.1 per cent. in 2020. The oil sector continues to

--- Page 16 ---
3
be the main contributor to Kuwait’s annual revenues, accounting for 89.3 per cent. of total Government 
revenues for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2020, according to the Kuwait Ministry of Finance. Accordingly, 
Kuwait’s economy is significantly impacted by, and is dependent upon, international oil prices.
The OPEC Reference Basket price has seen significant volatility since early 2020. In March 2020, OPEC 
officials proposed a plan to the members of OPEC, including Kuwait, and other non-OPEC member countries, 
including Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year 
partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in ‘OPEC plus’ failing to 
extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. In 
March 2020, Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. However, 
in early April 2020, ‘OPEC plus’ announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million
barrels a day. From July 2020, production targets were gradually increased, but as of 31 October 2021 targeted 
cuts of nearly 6 million barrels a day remain in place. In July 2021, agreement was reached to adjust overall 
production upward by 0.4 million barrels per day on a monthly basis starting in August 2021 until the targeted 
cuts had been phased out. As a result of the above factors and the COVID-19 outbreak weakening the demand 
for oil, the OPEC Reference Basket price fell significantly in April 2020. The OPEC Reference Basket price 
subsequently generally increased throughout the remainder of 2020 and, by 31 October 2021, had substantially 
recovered to pre-COVID-19 levels, principally due to continued OPEC+ supply restraint and recovering oil 
demand. As at 31 October 2021, the OPEC Reference Basket price was U.S.$82.07.
Based on statistics published by the CSB, Kuwait’s nominal GDP grew by 14.0 per cent. in 2018, fell by 0.9 
per cent. in 2019 and by 21.5 per cent. in 2020, whilst its real GDP grew by 2.4 per cent. in 2018, declined by 
0.6 per cent. in 2019 and declined by 8.9 per cent. in 2020. According to preliminary IMF data (as of April 
2021), Kuwait’s real GDP is projected to increase by 0.7 per cent. in 2021. Kuwait’s current account balance 
recorded a surplus of KD 6.0 billion in 2018, KD 6.7 billion in 2019 and KD 10.3 billion in 2020, according to 
the CBK. The Kuwaiti Government recorded fiscal deficits in each fiscal year from and including 2017/18 to 
and including 2019/2020, according to the Kuwait Ministry of Finance. The official budget for 2020/2021, as 
published by the Kuwait Ministry of Finance, projected a deficit of KD 14.1 billion, although this was based 
upon an oil price assumption of U.S.$30 per barrel. The Ministry of Finance’s budget for the fiscal year 2021/22 
projects a deficit of KD 12.1 billion based on an oil price of U.S.$45 per barrel. The budget is expansionary 
with spending expected to increase by 7 per cent. over the previous year. Capital expenditures are targeted to 
be KD 3.5 billion.
Kuwait’s economy is generally negatively impacted by sustained periods of prevailing low oil prices In 
addition, ancillary industrial activities related to oil and gas exploration and production are also negatively 
affected by low oil prices and sectors that are dependent on Government consumption may be adversely affected 
by lower levels of economic activity that may result from lower Government revenue from oil and gas 
production. Additionally, although the CBK has the ability to adjust the components of the Kuwaiti Dinar Basket 
against which the Kuwaiti dinar is pegged, there can be no assurance that the CBK will maintain the Kuwaiti 
Dinar Basket at its current level, which could lead to higher inflation and negatively affect confidence in the 
Kuwaiti economy.
In general, international prices for crude oil are affected by many factors over which the Group has no control, 
including: economic and political developments in oil-producing regions, particularly in the Middle East (see 
“—The Group’s business may be impacted by ongoing unrest in the Middle East” below) as well as globally, 
global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for oil products, 
including the price and availability of new technologies such as renewable energy and unconventional oil and 
gas extraction methods. In addition to this, international prices for crude oil may be affected by the ongoing 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated travel restrictions, the ability of members of OPEC and other 
crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain specified global production levels and prices, and global

--- Page 17 ---
4
weather and environmental conditions. Local and international environmental regulations designed to reduce 
carbon emissions and/or climate change and any other actions taken by major crude oil producing or consuming 
countries (based on the changing attitudes and sentiments of and actions by consumers generally globally 
towards products derived from or based on oil) may also impact the international price for crude oil. There can 
be no assurance that these factors, in combination with others, will not result in a future decline (which may be 
prolonged) in oil prices.
The impact of oil prices on Kuwait’s economy could materially adversely affect many of the Group’s borrowers 
and contractual counterparties. This, in turn, would adversely affect the Group’s business, in particular through 
increases in the Group’s non-performing loan (“NPL”) portfolio, increased loan loss provisions which would 
negatively impact the Group’s profitability and reduced demand for loans and other banking services. See “—
The Group’s loan portfolio, deposit base, bond portfolios and investment securities portfolio are concentrated 
in Kuwait and the MENA region” below.
The Group’s business may be impacted by ongoing unrest in the Middle East
Many of the Group’s customers and a significant part of its business are based in the MENA region. The Group 
intends to continue to focus on growing its business in the MENA region in the near future. In recent years, 
there has been social and political unrest and/or armed conflict in a range of countries in or proximate to the 
MENA region, including Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Turkey, Bahrain, Algeria, Libya, Iran, Lebanon, Jordan, Tunisia 
and Yemen, including the multinational conflict with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (“ISIL”), also 
known as Daesh or ISIS. This unrest, which has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed 
conflict and civil war, has led to the collapse of political regimes in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya, civil war in Syria 
and armed insurrection in Iraq and Yemen. It has also given rise to significantly increased political uncertainty 
across the region. This situation has caused significant disruption to the economies of affected countries and 
has had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices.
Tensions in the Gulf region have increased following the seizure by Iran of a British tanker in July 2019 and, 
more broadly, due to several incidents including oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz and Gulf of Oman. On 14 
September 2019, the Abqaiq processing facility and the Kurais oil field in Saudi Arabia were damaged to a 
significant extent in apparent drone attacks, which caused an immediate significant reduction in the output of 
Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia’s national oil company. In addition, on 23 November 2020, an explosion took 
place as a result of a terrorist attack by a projectile, causing a fire in a fuel tank at a Saudi Aramco petroleum 
products distribution terminal in the north of Jeddah in Saudi Arabia. There can be no assurance that a similar 
incident could not occur elsewhere in the Gulf region. Furthermore, there can be no assurance what impact this 
incident will and any similar incidents in the future may have on global oil prices.
A significant proportion of the Group’s customers are located in the MENA region. Wars, acts of terrorism and 
uncertain political or economic prospects or instability in Kuwait, Egypt or the wider MENA region may 
adversely impact regional financial markets and the Group’s business. Renewed protests in the MENA region, 
including Kuwait or Egypt, could lead to significant political uncertainties in a number of countries. Financial 
market and political uncertainty in the MENA region could decrease the Group’s customer deposits or its 
customers’ demand for loans or other products offered by the Group. Continued instability in the MENA region, 
and in particular in Egypt where the Group has a significant presence, could impact the Group’s MENA-based 
operations and investments and could materially impact the financial prospects and conditions of its MENA-
based customers. These factors could result in decreased asset values and increased provisions for the Group. 
Such instability could also negatively affect the value of the Group’s investments in affected countries.

--- Page 18 ---
5
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of borrowers and other counterparties and anticipated future 
growth in, or deterioration in the quality of, the Group’s loan portfolio, bond portfolios or investment 
securities portfolio could result in an increase in its credit risk profile and a deterioration in its financial 
condition
As a result of market conditions prevailing over the last few years, including the challenging economic 
environment in Kuwait, particularly in 2016 and 2017, together with other factors including the performance 
of international debt and equity markets, political events such as the United Kingdom’s secession from the 
European Union and the trade disputes between the United States and China, and, more recently, the impact of 
COVID-19, companies to which the Group directly extends credit have experienced, and may continue to 
experience, decreased revenues, financial losses, insolvency, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and 
increased funding costs and some of these companies have been unable to meet their debt service obligations 
or other expenses as they become due, including amounts payable to the Group.
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of loans, securities and amounts due 
from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group’s businesses, principally in its lending and 
investment activities. In particular, the Group is exposed to the risk that borrowers may not repay their loans 
according to their contractual terms and that the collateral (if any) securing the payment of these loans may be 
insufficient. The Group regularly reviews and analyses its loans and advances (the “loan portfolio”) and credit 
risks, and the Group’s provision for losses on loans is based on, among other things, its analysis of current and 
historical delinquency rates and loan management and the valuation of the underlying assets, as well as 
numerous other management assumptions. However, these internal analyses and assumptions may give rise to 
inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in a volatile economic climate. See “—The Group’s 
risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and may leave it exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks” below.
As at 30 September 2021 the Group’s loan portfolio amounted to KD 3,205.7 million compared to KD 3,117.1 
million as at 31 December 2020, KD 3,215.7 million as at 31 December 2019 and KD 3,026.0 million at 31
December 2018. The Group’s NPLs were KD 90.0 million as at 30 September 2021, KD 52.4 million as at 31 
December 2020, KD 49.7 million as at 31 December 2019 and KD 58.2 million as at 31 December 2018 and 
its provision for credit losses in respect of its loan portfolio amounted to 7.3 per cent., 6.6 per cent., 5.7 per 
cent. and 7.2 per cent. of its gross loan portfolio as at 30 September 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively.
To the extent that the Group’s loan portfolio expands in the future and its credit exposure consequently 
increases, management of the Group will need to continually monitor the credit quality of the loan portfolio. 
This will be particularly important in the light of current economic conditions in Kuwait and the generally 
riskier nature of retail lending. See “Risk Management – Credit Risk” and “—The Group’s risk management 
policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks” below.
Credit losses could also arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific issuers and counterparties of 
the Group, from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions, or from systemic risks within 
these financial systems, which could affect the recoverability and value of the Group’s assets and require an 
increase in its provisions for the impairment of loans, securities and other credit exposures.
Any failure by the Group to maintain the quality of its assets through effective risk management policies could 
lead to higher loan loss provisioning and result in higher levels of defaults and write-offs, all of which would 
be likely to reduce the Group’s profitability.

--- Page 19 ---
6
Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Group may not be sufficient to cover any 
losses and may not be legally enforceable
As at 31 December 2020, the Group held collateral with an estimated fair value of KD 32.3 million against its 
gross past due or impaired loans and advances (which amounted to KD 46.0 million). Collateral held as security 
against impaired loans and advances primarily relates to real estate and securities. Where the collateral is 
enforced and the value realised exceeds the outstanding debt owed to the relevant member of the Group, the 
excess is returned to the customer concerned and is not available for offset against other debts. Reflecting this 
fact and the fact that at the time when enforcement is required collateral values may be adversely affected, 
particularly if, for example, the enforcement results from a period of significant adverse economic conditions, 
there is no assurance that the value of the Group’s collateral will be sufficient to cover all defaulting debts, and 
any losses recorded in such case, to the extent they have not already been provided for, will be recorded as a 
charge to the Group’s income statement.
The practice of pledging assets (such as share portfolios and real estate assets) to obtain a bank loan is subject 
to certain limitations and administrative restrictions under Kuwaiti law. In particular, such security may not be 
enforced without a court order. As a result, security over certain pledged assets may not be enforceable in the 
courts of Kuwait (the “Kuwaiti Courts”). Accordingly, the Group may experience delays foreclosing on 
collateral (including any real estate collateral) or enforcing guarantees or other third party credit support 
arrangements when debtors default on their loans.
In addition, even if such security interests are enforceable in Kuwaiti Courts, the time and costs associated with 
enforcing security interests in Kuwait may make it uneconomical for the Group to pursue such proceedings, 
adversely affecting the Group’s ability to recover its loan losses. As at 31 December 2020, 38.6 per cent. of the 
Group’s loans and advances were secured by collateral, including share pledges governed by Kuwaiti law and 
real estate collateral.
The Group typically requires additional collateral in the form of cash and/or other assets in situations where the 
Group may not be able to exercise rights over pledged shares or where it enters into guarantees or other third 
party credit support arrangements for loans made to individuals and corporations. Any decline in the value or 
liquidity of such collateral may prevent the Group from foreclosing on such collateral for its full value or at all 
in the event that a borrower becomes insolvent and enters bankruptcy, and could thereby adversely affect the 
Group’s ability to recover the full amounts advanced to the borrower.
The Group’s loan portfolio, deposit base, bond portfolios and investment securities portfolio are 
concentrated in Kuwait and the MENA region
The Group’s loan portfolio and its investment securities portfolio are concentrated, geographically, in Kuwait 
and the MENA region. Together, these portfolios (including the Group’s holding of Kuwaiti government 
treasury bonds and CBK bonds) constituted 76.4 per cent. of its total assets, or KD 3,994.9 million, as at 30 
September 2021, 76.7 per cent. of its total assets, or KD 3,723.2 million, as at 31 December 2020, 78.4 per cent. 
of its total assets, or KD 3,827.7 million, as at 31 December 2019 and 81.4 per cent. of its total assets, or KD 
3,700.7 million, as at 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 2020, 95.6 per cent. of the Group’s loan portfolio 
was advanced to borrowers in the MENA region, principally in Kuwait, and, as at the same date, 92.4 per cent. 
of the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk (including credit-related contingent liabilities) was to 
counterparties located in the MENA region, principally in Kuwait and, to a lesser extent, in Egypt and the UAE.
The Group’s investment securities portfolio principally comprises debt instruments, with KD 477.8 million, or 
93.6 per cent. of the portfolio being debt instruments as at 30 September 2021. The issuers of these instruments 
were principally MENA region issuers. In addition, the Group’s Kuwait bond portfolio, which amounted to KD 
201.2 million at 30 September 2021, solely comprised Government of Kuwait and CBK bonds.

--- Page 20 ---
7
The Group’s customer deposits constituted 81.7 per cent. of its total liabilities, or KD 3,776.2 million, as at 30 
September 2021, 81.8 per cent. of its total liabilities, or KD 3,485.5 million, as at 31 December 2020, 79.2 per 
cent. of its total liabilities, or KD 3,319.8 million, as at 31 December 2019 and 80.4 per cent. of its total 
liabilities, or KD 3,114.5 million, as at 31 December 2018. In particular, the Group has a significant 
concentration of deposits from the Kuwaiti government and its related agencies which approximated 15 to 20 
per cent. of the Group’s total funding over the period from 1 January 2018 to 30 September 2021.
As a result, any deterioration in general economic conditions in Kuwait and the wider MENA region or any 
failure by the Group to manage effectively its geographic risk concentrations could have a more significant 
adverse effect on the Group’s business than on that of a more diversified bank. See “—The Group is affected 
by regional and global financial markets and economic conditions and could be materially adversely affected 
by any deterioration in economic conditions in Kuwait, Egypt and the wider MENA region” above.
The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations
The Group’s 20 largest loans and advances outstanding as a percentage of its gross loan portfolio as at 30 
September 2021 was 23.2 per cent. compared to 24.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 23.3 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019 and 23.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. In addition, the Group’s holdings of Kuwait 
government treasury bonds and CBK bonds amounted to KD 201.2 million, or 25.5 per cent., of the Group’s 
combined Kuwait bond and investment securities portfolios of KD 789.2 million as at 30 September 2021, 
compared to KD 202.1 million, or 33.3 per cent., of the Group’s combined Kuwait bond and investment 
securities portfolios of KD 606.1 million as at 31 December 2020, KD 309.9 million, or 50.6 per cent. of the 
Group’s combined Kuwait bond and investment securities portfolios of KD 612.0 million as at 31 December 
2019 and KD 384.8 million, or 57.0 per cent. of the Group’s combined Kuwait bond and investment securities 
portfolios of KD 674.7 million as at 31 December 2018.
Although diversified by industry sector, the Group’s credit risk exposure is concentrated on (i) governments 
and their related entity borrowers and (ii) the construction and real estate industry sectors which, as at 31 
December 2020, accounted for 24.4 per cent. and 14.8 per cent., respectively, of the Group’s credit risk exposure 
(excluding contingent liabilities) compared to 18.7 per cent. and 17.0 per cent., respectively, as at 31 December 
2019. In addition, the retail sector (including loans to individuals advanced for the purchase of securities) 
accounted for 23.4 per cent. of the Group’s credit risk exposure (excluding contingent liabilities) as at 31 
December 2020 compared to 21.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2019.
As a result, a material weakening in the credit quality of, or a default by, any one or more of the Group’s large 
loan customers or issuers of debt securities, or any factors which negatively impacted any of the sectors to 
which the Group has significant exposure, could result in the Group having to make significant additional loss 
provisions and experiencing reduced interest income. Sector specific factors might include:

a significant decline in real estate values which would weaken the credit quality of the Group’s 
construction and real estate borrowers and could also reduce the value of the real estate collateral which 
the Group holds;

a significant fall in oil and gas prices which could reduce the liquidity of its government and GRE 
borrowers, particularly those that operate in the oil and gas sector or provide products and services to 
that sector; and

low levels of economic growth or a recession in Kuwait which, particularly if coupled with increased 
levels of unemployment and falling house prices, could materially adversely impact the ability of the 
Group’s retail customers to repay their loans.
In terms of liabilities, the Group’s 25 largest customer deposits as at 30 September 2021 constituted 42.9 per 
cent. of its total customer deposits at that date. The Group’s 10 largest depositors as at 30 September 2021

--- Page 21 ---
8
constituted 33.7 per cent. of its total customer deposits at that date. The withdrawal or non-renewal of its 
deposits by any one or more of the Group’s large depositors could require the Group to obtain replacement 
funding from other sources which may not be readily available or may be significantly more expensive, which 
would reduce the Group’s net interest margin and adversely impact its operating income and profitability. See 
further “—The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be 
available at costs which may adversely affect its business” below.
The Group could be adversely affected if it is unable to effectively monitor and control the level of or, 
where required, successfully restructure its impaired loans with debtors in financial distress, or its 
allowances for loan impairment are insufficient to cover its loan losses
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s NPL ratio (calculated as NPLs divided by total gross loans and expressed 
as a percentage) was 2.60 per cent. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had KD 90.0 million of NPLs and 
carried loan loss provisions of KD 288.0 million to cover potential loan losses.
The Group is required to recognise impairment allowances for credit facilities at an amount equal to the higher 
of (i) the ECL under IFRS 9 according to CBK guidelines and (ii) the provisions as required by CBK 
instructions. In 2020, the Group was exceptionally allowed to charge losses on financial assets (consumer and 
other instalment loans and credit card receivables) arising from payment holidays granted to customers in 
response to COVID-19 in relation to instalments due during the period 1 April 2020 to 30 September 2020 
(referred to as “modification losses”) directly against retained earnings, instead of recognising them in the 
consolidated statement of income as required by IFRS 9 (as discussed in note 3 to the 2020 Financial 
Statements). The impact of the modification losses has been reflected in the Group’s asset values as at 31 
December 2020. These payment holidays to customers and absence of delinquency experienced during such 
period also temporarily disrupted the Bank’s normal procedures in assessing the risk in the portfolio. With 
respect to other financial assets, the Group is required to adopt IFRS 9 in compliance with the requirements of 
Kuwait Law No. 1 of 2016 on the Promulgation of the Companies Law.
The Group’s overall level of impairment allowances is based upon a wide range of factors, including the volume 
and type of lending and financing being conducted, the collateral held, applicable regulations, past due facilities, 
economic conditions and other factors related to the recoverability of various facilities. Although the Group 
endeavours to establish an appropriate level of impairment allowances in accordance with applicable 
requirements, there can be no assurance that the Group has taken sufficient impairment allowances, particularly 
as a result of the heightened uncertainty as a result of the ongoing impact of COVID-19. Accordingly, the Group 
may have to significantly increase its impairment allowances for credit losses in the future as a result of 
increases in non-performing assets, deteriorating economic conditions (especially from the impact of any future 
waves of COVID-19) leading to increases in defaults and bankruptcies, or for other reasons. As at 30 September 
2021, the Group’s loan loss provision covered 258 per cent. of the Group’s NPLs (31 December 2020: 339 per 
cent.).
If the Group fails to, where required, appropriately restructure or monitor and control the levels of, and 
adequately provide for, its NPLs, the Group may need to make further impairment charges and its business, 
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
The Group has significant credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments that may lead to 
potential losses
As part of its normal banking business, the Group issues guarantees, letters of credit (“LCs”) and acceptances 
which are accounted for off the Group’s balance sheet until such time as they are actually funded or cancelled. 
In addition, the Group makes irrevocable commitments to advance credit to its customers. Although these 
commitments are contingent, they nonetheless subject the Group to both credit and liquidity risks. As at 30

--- Page 22 ---
9
September 2021, the Group had KD 1,348.7 million in such contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding, 
equal to 29.6 per cent. of its combined loan portfolio and contingent liabilities.
Although the Group anticipates that only a portion of its obligations in respect of these commitments will be 
triggered and funds itself accordingly, the Group may need to make payments in respect of a greater portion of 
such commitments, particularly in cases where there has been a general deterioration in market conditions. This 
would result in the Group needing to obtain additional funding, potentially at relatively short notice, which may 
not be readily available or may be significantly more expensive, which would reduce the Group’s net interest 
margin and adversely impact its operating income and profitability.
The Group is exposed to reputational risks related to its operations and industry
All financial institutions depend on the trust and confidence of their customers to succeed in their business. The 
Group is exposed to the risk that litigation, misconduct, operational failures, negative publicity and press 
speculation, whether or not valid, will harm its reputation. The Group’s reputation may also be adversely 
affected by the conduct of third parties over whom it has no control, including entities to which it has made 
loans or in which it has invested. For example, if one of the Group’s borrowers becomes associated with 
financial scandals or widely publicised improper behaviour, the Group’s own reputation may be affected. In 
common with other banks, the Group is also exposed to adverse publicity relating to the financial services 
industry as a whole. Financial scandals unrelated to the Group or questionable ethical conduct by a competitor 
may taint the reputation of the industry and affect the perception of investors, public opinion and the attitude of 
regulators. Any damage to the Group’s reputation could cause existing customers to withdraw their business 
and lead potential customers to be reluctant to do business with the Group.
The Group could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties
The Group is subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived 
soundness, of other financial institutions. This risk is particularly relevant to the Group since banks and other 
financial institutions represented 10.7 per cent. of the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk (excluding 
credit-related contingent liabilities) as at 31 December 2020 (2019: 16.4 per cent.)
Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could lead to significant losses, and 
potentially defaults, by other institutions. As was experienced in 2008 and 2009, concerns about, or a default 
by, one institution could also lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, 
because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a result of 
their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions 
about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or other 
institutions. This risk, often referred to as “systemic risk”, may also adversely affect other financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, with whom the Group 
interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk, should it materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s ability to raise new funding and on its business generally.
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be 
available at costs which may adversely affect its business
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, 
as they become due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-
specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, short-term 
and overnight funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and 
major disasters. During the global financial crisis, credit markets worldwide experienced a severe reduction in

--- Page 23 ---
10
liquidity, particularly in the final quarter of 2008 and the first half of 2009. Since then, market conditions have 
been volatile with financial institutions continuing to experience periods of reduced liquidity.
The perception of counterparty risk between banks has also increased significantly since the global financial 
crisis, which led to reductions in certain traditional sources of liquidity, such as the debt markets, asset sales 
and redemption of investments. The Group’s access to these traditional sources of liquidity may be restricted 
or available only at a higher cost and there can be no assurance that the Kuwaiti government will continue to 
provide the levels of support that it has provided to date to the Kuwaiti banking sector. See “—The Kuwaiti
government is under no obligation to support the Group and there is no assurance that the Group will receive 
future support that is commensurate with the support that it has received in the past” below.
In addition, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit the Group’s ability to refinance 
maturing liabilities with long-term funding or may increase the cost to the Group of such funding. The Group’s 
access to any additional financing it may need will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, 
the availability of credit generally and to borrowers in the financial services industry specifically, and the 
Group’s financial condition, credit ratings and credit capacity.
The Group has historically relied on both customer and interbank deposits, which are mainly short-term and 
generally low cost in nature, to meet most of its funding needs. The availability of deposits is subject to 
fluctuation due to factors outside the Group’s control, including possible loss of confidence and competitive 
pressures, and this could result in a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time or may cause 
the Group to increase the interest paid on its deposits to ensure that it retains sufficient deposits. As at 30 
September 2021, 51.5 per cent. of the Group’s non-equity funding (which comprises amounts due to banks and 
other financial institutions, customer deposits and medium term notes) had remaining contractual maturities of 
up to one month or was payable on demand and 92.0 per cent. had remaining maturities of one year or less or 
was payable on demand. The Group may experience outflows of deposits at times when liquidity is constrained 
generally in Kuwait or when its major depositors experience short- or longer-term liquidity requirements. 
Particularly if international oil and gas prices remain at relatively low levels, the Group’s large Kuwaiti 
governmental depositors may start to withdraw part or even all of their deposits with it.
In addition, the Group’s deposits are geographically concentrated and the Group is reliant on certain large 
deposits from a limited group of government-related and private sector corporate customers. See “—The 
Group’s loan portfolio, deposit base, bond portfolios and investment securities portfolio are concentrated in 
Kuwait and the MENA region” above and “—The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations”
above.
If a substantial portion of the Group’s depositors, or any of its largest depositors, withdraw their demand 
deposits or do not roll over their time deposits at maturity, the Group may need to seek other sources of funding 
or may have to sell, or enter into sale and repurchase or securitisation transactions over, certain of its assets to 
meet its funding requirements. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain additional 
funding as and when required or at prices that will not affect its ability to compete effectively and, if the Group 
is forced to sell assets to meet its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a result.
In extreme cases, if the Group is unable to refinance or replace such deposits with alternative sources of funding 
to meet its liquidity needs, through deposits, the interbank markets, the international capital markets or through 
asset sales, this would have a material adverse effect on its business generally and could, potentially, result in 
its insolvency.

--- Page 24 ---
11
The Group is required to comply with Basel III ratios which may negatively impact the Group
The Group is subject to the Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as adopted by the CBK. The LCR is a 
metric introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as part of the Basel III criteria to measure 
a bank’s ability to manage a sustained outflow of customer funds in a liquidity stress event over a 30-day period. 
The ratio is calculated by taking a financial institution’s stock of high quality liquid assets (“HQLAs”) – which 
include low-risk, highly marketable asset classes, designed to provide significant sources of liquidity in such a 
stress scenario – and dividing it by its projected net cash outflows over the immediately following 30-day 
period. The LCR requires that banks have sufficient HQLAs in their liquidity buffer to cover the difference 
between expected cash outflows and expected capped cash inflows over a 30-day stressed period. Basel III 
requires the minimum value of the ratio be 100 per cent. (i.e., an institution’s stock of HQLAs should at least 
equal projected total net cash outflows). Kuwaiti banks are required to submit, along with existing liquidity 
reports, their LCR reports on a monthly basis (including daily figures for the month) for monitoring purposes 
as well as quarterly by major currency. The Group’s three months average LCR as at 30 September 2021 was 
273 per cent., its HQLAs (post-factor) were valued at KD 742.5 million and its net cash outflow was KD 272
million (as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: an average LCR ratio of 250 per cent., 343 per cent. and 348
per cent., respectively, quarterly average HQLAs valued at KD 840.9 million, KD 679.2 million and KD 668.2
million, respectively, and average net cash outflows of KD 336.09 million, KD 197.8 million and KD 191.9
million, respectively).
The Group’s requirement to comply with the LCR and the associated requirement to maintain a significant 
buffer of HQLAs may affect the Group funding structure, causing more dependency on funding from non-
financial sources and longer-term deposits. Moreover, the inherent cost of maintaining an HQLA portfolio of 
sufficient size and quality to cover regulatory outflow assumptions embedded in the LCR may adversely impact 
the Group’s return on assets.
The Group is also subject to the Basel III Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) as adopted by the CBK. The 
NSFR is a metric introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as part of the Basel III criteria to 
measure a bank’s ability to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the composition of its assets and off-
balance sheet activities. A sustainable funding structure is intended to reduce the likelihood that disruptions to 
a bank’s regular sources of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way that would increase the risk of its 
failure and potentially lead to broader systemic stress. The NSFR aims to limit over reliance on short-term 
wholesale funding, encourage better assessment of funding risk across all on- and off-balance sheet items, and 
promote funding stability. The NSFR is defined as the amount of available stable funding (“ASF”) relative to 
the amount of required stable funding (“RSF”). ASF is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected 
to be reliable over the time horizon considered by the NSFR, which extends to one year. RSF is defined as the 
portion of assets and off-balance sheet exposures expected to be funded on an ongoing basis over a one-year 
horizon. The amount of the stable funding required of a specific institution is a function of the liquidity 
characteristics and residual maturities of the various assets held by that institution as well as those of its off-
balance sheet exposures. Basel III requires the minimum value of the ratio be 100 per cent. (i.e., ASF divided 
by RSF must be greater than or equal to 100 per cent.). Kuwaiti banks are required to submit, along with existing 
liquidity reports, their NSFR reports on a monthly basis (including a daily report for the month) for monitoring 
purpose. As at 30 September 2021, the Group had an NSFR ratio of 108.0 per cent. (as at 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018: 112.7 per cent., 107.9 per cent. and 111.4 per cent., respectively).
The Group’s requirement to comply with the NSFR and the associated requirement to maintain a significant 
buffer of stable funding may result in a shift in the Group’s liabilities structure. Accordingly, the Group would 
depend even less on funding from financial institutions in favour of funding from the core business areas such 
as consumer and non-financial wholesale clients. Such a shift could adversely impact the Group’s funding cost 
given the inherent cost associated with attracting funding from customer deposits, especially long-term deposits.

--- Page 25 ---
12
The systemic need to adhere to regulatory ratios increases competition among banks to attract such deposits. 
The NSFR, like the LCR, also places reliance on HQLA.
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and changes in this regulation, or the interpretation and 
enforcement of this regulation, or any failure by the Group to comply with this regulation could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group
The Group is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other objectives and limit their exposure to 
risk. These controls include laws and regulations promulgated by the CBK, the CMA and the Kuwait Stock 
Exchange (the “KSE”) and are further described under “Banking Industry and Regulation in Kuwait”.
The regulations to which the Group is subject may limit its ability to carry on certain parts of its business, to 
increase its loan portfolio or to raise capital and may also increase its cost of doing business. In addition, 
increased regulation or changes in applicable laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted 
or enforced in Kuwait may impose significant additional compliance costs on the Group. Furthermore, non-
compliance by the Group with any applicable regulations could expose it to potential liabilities and fines, which 
may be significant.
Furthermore, the Group’s ability to satisfy minimum capital adequacy requirements may be adversely impacted 
by many factors, including, among other things: (i) an increase in risk-weighted assets of the Group; (ii) an 
increase in credit risk, credit losses or impairment allowances; (iii) an inability to obtain capital; (iv) the results 
of the Group’s activities; (v) a decline in the value of the Group’s securities portfolio; (vi) any inaccurate 
estimates adopted by the Group regarding the amount of capital required to cover operating risk; (vii) changes 
in accounting principles or recommendations related to the calculation of the capital adequacy ratio of banks; 
(viii) fluctuations in exchange rates which influence the value of assets denominated in foreign currencies; (ix) 
changes in interest rates; and (x) changes in regulations or in the methods by which the regulatory authorities, 
including the CBK, apply capital adequacy regulations. Any non-compliance with applicable regulatory 
guidelines could expose the Group to potential liabilities and fines. In addition, the potential adoption by the 
CBK (and the implementation phase) of the final (and future) standards published by the Basel Committee, 
including the revised standardised approach for credit risk and for market and operational risks and others, may 
have an adverse impact on the Group’s ability to satisfy minimum capital adequacy requirements.
In order to carry out and expand its businesses, it is necessary for the Group to maintain or obtain a variety of 
licences, permits, approvals and consents from various regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and other 
governmental authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits, approvals and 
consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. If the Group is unable to maintain or obtain the 
relevant licences, permits, approvals and consents, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be 
impaired.
The Group is also required to comply with applicable know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and counter-
terrorism financing laws and regulations in Kuwait and other jurisdictions where it operates, including those 
related to countries subject to sanctions by the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), 
similar regulations of other jurisdictions, and applicable anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which it 
conducts business. To the extent that the Group fails or is perceived to fail to comply with these and other 
applicable laws and regulations, its reputation could be materially damaged and it could be subject to fines or 
other monetary penalties, which could materially adversely impact its cash flow and profitability.

--- Page 26 ---
13
A negative change in the Bank’s credit rating could limit its ability to raise funding and may increase 
its borrowing costs
The Bank has a long-term foreign currency issuer default rating of A+ with a negative outlook from Fitch and 
a long-term bank deposits rating of A2 with a stable outlook from Moody’s. These ratings, which are intended 
to measure the Bank’s ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are an important factor in determining 
the Group’s cost of borrowing funds.
There is no assurance that the ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the ratings will 
not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A downgrade of the Bank’s 
credit ratings, or a negative change in their outlook, may:

limit the Bank’s or any other member of the Group’s ability to raise funding;

increase the Bank’s or any other member of the Group’s cost of borrowing; and

limit the Bank’s or any other member of the Group’s ability to raise capital.
In addition, actual or anticipated changes in the Bank’s credit rating may negatively affect the market value of 
Notes issued under the Programme.
According to each of Moody’s and Fitch, a significant factor underpinning the Bank’s ratings is their assessment 
that there is a high probability of support for the Bank from the Kuwaiti authorities. As a result, any event that 
causes these or any other applicable rating agency in the future to adjust this view would be likely to, and any 
downgrade of the Kuwait sovereign rating could, result in a negative change in the Bank’s rating. See “—The 
Kuwaiti government is under no obligation to support the Group and there is no assurance that the Group will 
receive future support that is commensurate with the support that it has received in the past” below.
In addition, the credit ratings assigned to the Bank may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an 
investment in Notes issued under the Programme, the market, additional factors discussed in this Base 
Prospectus and other factors that may affect the value of Notes issued under the Programme. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating organisation and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
The Kuwaiti government is under no obligation to support the Group and there is no assurance that the 
Group will receive future support that is commensurate with the support that it has received in the past
Although the Kuwaiti government has in the past supported the domestic banking industry, including in the 
period following the global financial crisis, there can be no assurance that it will continue to provide support to 
the domestic banking industry in the future. An investment in Notes issued under the Programme will not be 
covered by any compensation or insurance scheme of any government agency of Kuwait or any other 
jurisdiction, and Notes issued under the Programme do not have the benefit of any government guarantee. Notes 
issued under the Programme are the Bank’s obligation only and Noteholders must solely look to the Bank for 
the performance of its obligations under the relevant Notes. In the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, a Noteholder 
may lose all or some of its investment in the Notes it holds.
The banking industry is competitive and the Group is exposed to significant competition in Kuwait
The Group faces high levels of competition for all of its products and services in Kuwait. In particular, the 
Group competes with other domestic banks (both conventional and Islamic) and such competition may increase. 
See “Business Description of the Group—Competition in Kuwait”.
The Kuwaiti banking sector currently comprises five Kuwait-incorporated conventional commercial banks and 
branches of 12 other non-Kuwaiti banks. In addition, a specialised bank, five banks operating according to the

--- Page 27 ---
14
provisions of Islamic Sharia and a branch of a Saudi Arabian bank are also licensed to operate in Kuwait. The 
Group’s relatively small size compared to some of the other conventional banks in Kuwait could constrain its 
efforts to attract very large corporate customers.
The Group believes that, in order to compete effectively, it will need to successfully implement its new three 
pillar strategy, by scaling and creating value in its core businesses, sustaining and de-risking its business  and 
innovating and enabling to support the previous two pillars. See “Business Description of the Group—Strategy”.
Any failure by the Group to successfully develop and implement its strategy in the coming years could 
negatively affect its competitive position in the markets in which it operates which could result in reduced 
income or a failure to achieve anticipated levels of income.
The Group could be adversely affected by market risks, including volatility in interest rates, prices of 
securities and currency exchange rates
The Group could be adversely affected by market risks that are outside its control, including, without limitation, 
volatility in interest rates, prices of securities and currency exchange rates. In particular, an increase in interest 
rates generally may decrease the value of the Group’s fixed-rate loans and the debt securities in its bond 
portfolios and investment securities portfolio and may increase the Group’s funding costs. In addition, 
fluctuations in interest rates may result in a pricing gap between the Group’s interest-rate sensitive assets and 
liabilities. For example, the Group generally has a discretionary right to change the rates it charges on its 
customer loans and advances (subject to the cap described below) whilst the rates that it pays on a part of its 
customer deposit base (namely, term deposits) are contractually fixed for the term of the deposit. As a result, 
the Group generally experiences an increase in its net interest income in times of rising interest rates and a 
reduction in its net interest income in times of falling interest rates. The reduction is driven by the fact that the 
interest rates chargeable by the Group on its Kuwaiti dinar-denominated customer loans are capped at prescribed 
percentages above the CBK discount rate. See “Financial Review—Principal Factors Affecting Results of 
Operations— Factors affecting net interest income”, as well as note 5.3.1 to the 2020 Financial Statements 
which illustrates the Group’s sensitivity to a 0.25 per cent. increase in interest rates on major currencies, such 
as the Kuwaiti dinar, the U.S. dollar and the Egyptian pound, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including the policies of central banks, 
such as the CBK and the U.S. Federal Reserve, political factors and domestic and international economic 
conditions. For example, since 1 January 2018 the CBK raised its discount interest rate in March 2018 from 
2.75 per cent. to 3.0 per cent. The CBK then cut its discount interest rate from 3.0 per cent. to 2.75 per cent. in 
October 2019. Over the same period, the U.S. Federal Reserve increased its interest rate four times from 1.25 
per cent. to 2.5 per cent. in December 2018, before cutting its interest rate three times in 2019, to 1.75 per cent. 
in October 2019. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest rates globally continued to be cut in 2020. In 
response to the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Kuwait economy, on 4 March 2020 the CBK 
reduced the benchmark interest rate by 0.25 per cent. and subsequently further reduced the benchmark interest 
rate by 100 basis points to 1.50 per cent., which is the lowest rate recorded and which remains the current rate 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. During the same period, the US Federal Reserve reduced its benchmark 
rate to between 0 to 0.25 per cent.
The Group holds investment securities (both equity and fixed-income). A significant proportion of these 
investments are held at fair value through other comprehensive income and a small proportion are held at fair 
value through the statement of income. As a result, changes in the fair value of these securities from period to 
period are recorded in the Group’s statement of comprehensive income or statement of income, as the case may 
be, and these changes can be material.
Any changes in the fair value of these securities, for example as a result of changing equity prices where the 
securities are quoted on an active market, has an impact on the Group’s equity and note 5.3.3 to the 2020

--- Page 28 ---
15
Financial Statements illustrates the Group’s sensitivity to a 5 per cent. change in relevant market indices as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. In addition, the Group’s income from securities operations depends 
on numerous factors beyond its control, such as overall market trading activity, interest rate levels, fluctuations 
in currency exchange rates and general market volatility. The Group cannot predict the amount of realised or 
unrealised gain or loss for any future period, and variations from period to period, which may be significant, 
are not indicative of future performance. Gains on the Group’s investment portfolio may not continue to 
contribute to net income at levels consistent with those from recent periods or at all.
As a financial intermediary, the Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the 
possibility that the value of a foreign currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency exchange 
rates, as well as the possibility that the Group may have to close out any open position in a foreign currency at 
a loss due to an adverse movement in exchange rates. The Group attempts to match the currencies of its assets 
and liabilities and any open currency position is maintained within the limits set by the CBK. However, where 
the Group is not so hedged, it is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any such hedging activity 
may not in all cases protect the Group against such risks. See note 5.3.2 to the 2020 Financial Statements which 
illustrates the Group’s sensitivity to a 5 per cent. change in the exchange rate of a number of different currencies 
against the Kuwaiti dinar as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.
The Group enters into derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange 
contracts, to manage its own interest rate risk on its interest bearing assets and liabilities and its open foreign 
currency positions and cash flows and to provide interest rate and foreign exchange rate solutions to its 
customers. These derivative contracts had an aggregate contractual amount of KD 151.0 million as at 30 
September 2021, KD 124.5 million as at 31 December 2020, KD 255.6 million as at 31 December 2019 and 
KD 181.7 million as at 31 December 2018 and the Group’s derivatives portfolio had a negative net fair value 
of KD 1.8 million as at 30 September 2021, compared to a positive net fair value of KD 1.2 million as at 31 
December 2020, a positive net fair value of KD 0.5 million as at 31 December 2019 and a negative net fair 
value of KD 0.2 million as at 31 December 2018. There is no assurance that the Group’s derivative contracts 
will be successful in mitigating its interest rate and foreign exchange exposures or that the Group will not 
experience significant losses on its derivatives contracts from time to time.
Adverse movements in interest and foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenues and financial 
condition of the Group’s depositors, borrowers and other counterparties which, in turn, may impact the Group’s 
deposit base and the quality of its credit exposures to certain borrowers and other counterparties.
Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects of a 
currency revaluation or future volatility in interest rate or currency exchange rates or from a significant change 
in the prices of its securities.
Rising inflation, or deflation, may adversely affect the Group’s profitability
Kuwait has, at times since 1990, experienced both high levels of inflation and short periods of deflation. High 
inflation could slow the rate of economic growth and consumer spending in Kuwait. A deflationary environment 
in Kuwait could also adversely affect the Group’s profitability by adversely affecting property values, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s real estate loan portfolio. There can be no assurance that the Kuwaiti 
government and the CBK will be able to achieve or maintain price stability, in the real estate market or otherwise 
and thus control inflation.

--- Page 29 ---
16
The Group is exposed to a range of operational risks. In particular, the Group is exposed to the risk of 
loss as a result of employee misrepresentation, misconduct and improper practice and through any 
failure of the Group’s IT systems
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly 
or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of 
business rules, systems and equipment failures (including, in particular, IT failures), natural disasters or the 
failure of external systems (for example, those of the Group’s counterparties or vendors). The Group has 
implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies, and substantial resources are devoted to developing 
efficient procedures and to staff training, but it is not possible to eliminate entirely each of the potential 
operational risks that the Group faces. Losses from the failure of the Group’s system of internal controls could 
have a material adverse effect on its business generally and its reputation.
The Group’s employees and members of its direct sales team who receive commissions based on the business 
they generate for the Group could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could 
expose the Group to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may include 
embezzling clients’ funds, engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, intentionally or 
inadvertently releasing confidential information about clients or failing to follow internal procedures. It is not 
always possible to detect or deter these types of misconduct, and the precautions which the Group takes to 
detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in all cases. There can be no assurance that measures 
undertaken to combat these types of misconduct will be successful. Any such actions by employees or members 
of the Group’s direct sales team could expose the Group to financial losses resulting from the need to reimburse 
clients, co-investors or other business partners who suffered loss or as a result of fines or other regulatory 
sanctions, and could damage the Group’s reputation.
The Group is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack and any failure of 
these systems could materially disrupt the Group’s business
The threat to the security of the Group’s information and customer data from cyber-attacks is real and continues 
to increase. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting computer systems around the 
world. Risks to technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. 
Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, it is possible that future attacks may 
lead to significant breaches of security.
The Group depends on its IT systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate and timely basis, 
and to store and process substantially all of the Group’s business and operating data. The proper functioning of 
the Group’s financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and 
other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing 
centres, are critical to the Group’s business and ability to compete effectively. The Group’s business activities 
would be materially disrupted if there is a partial or complete failure of any of these IT systems or 
communications networks. In addition to cyber-attacks, such failures can be caused by a variety of factors, 
many of which are wholly or partially outside the Group’s control, including natural disasters and extended 
power outages. The proper functioning of the Group’s IT systems also depends on accurate and reliable data 
and other system input, which are subject to human errors. Failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk 
and continually review and update current processes in response to new threats as well as any failure in the 
Group’s systems as a result of other causes could disrupt the Group’s business, result in the disclosure of 
confidential information, create significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage the Group’s reputation, 
any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 30 ---
17
Further, any failure or delay in recording or processing the Group’s transaction data could subject it to claims 
for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. The Group has implemented and tested business continuity plans 
and processes as well as disaster recovery procedures, but there can be no assurance that these safeguards will 
be fully effective at all times or that they will protect the Group from all losses that could occur.
The Group routinely upgrades and enhances its IT systems. For example, it is currently finalising an upgrade 
of its core banking system which is a larger scale project and an important element of the Group’s strategy. 
Should this or any similar upgrade not achieve the full benefits anticipated, or if the Group fails to implement 
a major upgrade in a timely and cost effective manner, this could negatively impact the Group’s ability to 
implement its strategy and grow its business in the manner currently envisaged.
The Group’s risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks
There can be no assurance that the Group’s risk management and internal control policies and procedures will 
adequately control, or protect it against, all credit, liquidity, market, operational and other risks. In addition, 
certain risks may not be accurately quantified by the Group’s risk management systems. Some of the Group’s 
methods of managing risk are based upon the use of historical market data which, as evidenced by events caused 
by the global financial crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures which could be 
significantly greater than historical measures indicate. In addition, certain risks could be greater than the 
Group’s empirical data would otherwise indicate.
Other risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding the markets in which the 
Group operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise accessible to it. 
This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Reliance on such 
information could result in unexpected or unforeseen fluctuations in foreign exchange rates or interest rates 
which could affect the Group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. Changes in the fair 
value or future cash flows of a financial instrument could occur due to sudden changes in market prices resulting 
from factors specific to the individual financial instrument or from factors affecting all similar financial 
instruments traded in the market. Any material deficiency in the Group’s risk management or other internal 
control policies or procedures may expose it to significant losses as a result of unidentified credit, liquidity, 
market or operational risks, should they occur.
The Group’s risk management and internal control capabilities are also limited by the information tools and 
technologies available to it. Any material deficiency in the Group’s risk management or other internal control 
policies or procedures may expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may in 
turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group’s internal compliance systems might not be fully effective in all circumstances
The Group’s ability to comply with all applicable regulations is largely dependent on its maintenance of 
compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its ability to attract and retain personnel qualified 
to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. Although the Group is subject to oversight by regulatory 
authorities, including regular examination activity, and performs regular internal audits and employs an external 
auditing firm to review its internal control systems, the Group cannot be certain that these systems and 
procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case of deliberate employee 
misconduct or other frauds perpetrated against it. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance with 
applicable regulations, the Group could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings 
that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages.

--- Page 31 ---
18
The Group may not be able to raise capital as and when needed on commercially attractive terms
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (calculated according to Basel III standards) 
was 15.94 per cent. and its total capital adequacy ratio was 17.15 per cent., in each case above the levels required 
by the CBK of 11 per cent. and 13 per cent., respectively. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (calculated according to Basel III standards) was 16.05 per cent. and its total capital adequacy 
ratio was 17.26 per cent., in each case above the levels required by the CBK of 11 per cent. and 13 per cent., 
respectively. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (calculated according to Basel 
III standards) was 17.49 per cent. and its total capital adequacy ratio was 18.69 per cent., in each case above 
the levels required by the CBK of 11 per cent. and 13 per cent., respectively. The Group’s tier 1 capital adequacy 
ratio was 17.94 per cent. and its total capital adequacy ratio was 19.15 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. The 
Group has been designated as a domestically systemic important bank (“D-SIB”) with an additional Common 
Equity Tier 1 D-SIB surcharge of 0.5 per cent., which is included in the required ratios above. In addition, the 
required ratios also include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent.
A variety of factors affect the Group’s capital adequacy levels. For example, a significant increase in lending 
in 2021 and beyond would be likely to reduce the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and any losses experienced 
by it in future periods would have a similar effect. In addition, regulatory requirements in relation to the 
calculation of capital adequacy and required levels of capital adequacy may change from time to time, including 
as a result of new guidelines issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The Group may also need 
to increase its capital as a result of market perceptions of adequate capitalisation levels and the perceptions of 
rating agencies.
As a result, the Group is likely to need to obtain additional capital in the future to support the future growth of 
its business. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing or additional equity, may not be available on 
commercially favourable terms, or at all. Moreover, should the Group’s capital ratios fall close to regulatory 
minimum levels or the Group’s own internal minimum levels, the Group may need to adjust its business 
practices, including reducing the risk and leverage of certain activities or undertaking asset disposals. If the 
Group is unable to maintain satisfactory capital adequacy ratios, its credit ratings may be lowered and its cost 
of funding may therefore increase and it may suffer regulatory sanctions.
The Group may experience challenges with the transition to alternative benchmark rates following the 
cessation of LIBOR in 2021
The Group has a significant amount of interest-earning assets and a much lower amount of interest-bearing 
liabilities which have floating interest rates which are tied to LIBOR. The evolving developments surrounding 
the cessation of LIBOR quotations for various major currencies and the consequent adoption of alternative 
benchmark rates will impact the Group’s financial products which use LIBOR as the reference rate. The Group 
believes that the main challenges to the transition will lie in dealing with the significant changes to 
documentation, valuation, models/infrastructure and operational processes, as well as the effects on legal, tax 
and accounting rules for both its assets and liabilities. The Group is monitoring the developments closely and 
is actively working on the transition to alternative rates, including implementing the necessary changes to 
contracts and payment calculations (based on recommendations from global and professional bodies) and 
upgrading its infrastructure. The Group has established a committee to monitor the transition process and 
several specialised working groups to implement the required changes. However there are no assurances as to 
how various market participants may react upon interest rate volatility after the cessation of LIBOR which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 32 ---
19
The Group may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could have 
an adverse effect on its business and its ability to implement its strategy
The Group’s success and ability to maintain current business levels and sustain growth will depend, in part, on 
its ability to continue to recruit and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The 
market for such personnel in the Middle East is intensely competitive and the Group could face challenges in 
recruiting and retaining such personnel to manage its businesses.
In recent years, the Kuwaiti government has made a number of announcements regarding its intention to 
encourage a better balance of Kuwaitis and non-Kuwaiti nationals in the private-sector workforce. This process, 
known as “Kuwaitisation”, involves the establishment of suggested ratios for the numbers of Kuwaiti nationals 
who should be employed by respective industries, with the government’s recommended policy for financial 
institutions being that 70 per cent. of a bank’s total personnel should consist of Kuwaiti nationals. The Bank’s 
Kuwaitisation level as at 30 September 2021 was 75 per cent. If the Group is not able to meet or exceed the 
Kuwaiti government’s minimum threshold for Kuwaiti employees, it may be subject to certain penalties, 
including an exclusion from participation in certain Kuwaiti government-related tender processes, the 
imposition of fines by the Ministry of Social Affairs or the imposition of administrative or corrective action by 
the CBK and other governmental authorities.
The Group depends on the efforts, skill, reputation and experience of its senior management, as well as synergies 
among their diverse fields of expertise and knowledge. The loss of key personnel could delay or prevent the 
Group from implementing its strategies. The Group is also not insured against losses that may be incurred in 
the event of the loss of any member of its key personnel.
While the Group believes that it has effective staff recruitment, training and incentive programmes in place, its 
failure to recruit, train and/or retain necessary personnel, its inability to dismiss certain employees or the 
shortage of qualified Kuwaiti nationals or other nationals prepared to relocate to Kuwait, could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group’s accounting policies and methods are critical to how it reports its financial condition and 
results of operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Group records and reports its financial condition 
and results of operations. Management must exercise judgement in selecting and applying many of these 
accounting policies and methods so they comply with IFRS.
Management has identified the most significant judgements and estimates made by it in note 2.29 to the 2020 
Financial Statements. These judgements and estimates include, for example, the measurement of the fair value 
of financial assets and financial liabilities, the classification of financial assets and the determination of the 
amount of any provisions for impairment losses.
A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognising an 
expense, recovering an asset or reducing a liability. The Group has established policies and control procedures 
that are intended to ensure that its significant accounting estimates and judgements are well controlled and 
applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing 
methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. However, due to the uncertainty surrounding the Group’s 
judgements and the estimates pertaining to these matters, the Group cannot guarantee that it will not be required 
to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior period financial statements in the future. Should any 
estimated values prove substantially different to actual values, particularly because of significant and 
unexpected market movements, or if the methods by which such values were determined are revised in future 
IFRS rules or interpretations, the Group may experience unexpected losses.

--- Page 33 ---
20
The interests of the Bank’s shareholders may, in certain circumstances, conflict with those of the 
holders of Notes issued under the Programme
The Bank is controlled by members of the Behbehani family. Investors should be aware that the interests of the 
Bank’s shareholders may, in certain circumstances, be different from those of the Group’s creditors (including 
the holders of Notes issued under the Programme) and, in those circumstances, the holders of such Notes could 
be disadvantaged.
Risks Relating to the Region in which the Group Operates
Investing in securities involving emerging markets generally involves a higher degree of risk
Investors in emerging markets, such as Kuwait and Egypt, should be aware that these markets are subject to 
greater risks than more developed markets, including, but not limited to, higher volatility, limited liquidity and 
changes in the political and economic environment. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market for 
securities bearing emerging market risk, such as Notes issued under the Programme, will not be affected 
negatively by events elsewhere, especially in the emerging markets.
Specific risks in Kuwait, Egypt and the MENA region that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business include, without limitation, the following:

political, economic or social instability;

external acts of warfare, civil clashes or other hostilities or conflict;

domestic unrest or violence;

increases in inflation and the cost of living;

changing tax regimes and tax laws, including the announced introduction of value added tax among 
some or all of the GCC countries and the imposition of other taxes in tax-free jurisdictions or the increase 
of taxes in low-tax jurisdictions, see “—Tax changes in Kuwait may have an adverse effect on the Group”
below;

government interventions and protectionism;

potential adverse changes in laws and regulatory practices, including legal structures and tax laws;

difficulties in staffing and managing operations;

legal systems which could make it difficult for the Group to enforce its intellectual property and 
contractual rights;

restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets;

greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; and

logistical and communications challenges.
Accordingly, prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must 
determine for themselves whether, in light of those risks, an investment in the Notes is appropriate. Generally, 
investment in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance 
of the risk involved.

--- Page 34 ---
21
Kuwait and other MENA region legal systems continue to develop and this may create an uncertain 
environment for investment and business activity
Kuwait and many of the other MENA region countries, including Egypt, are in various stages of developing 
legal and regulatory institutions that are characteristic of more developed markets. As a result, procedural 
safeguards as well as formal regulations and laws may not be applied consistently. In some circumstances it 
may not be possible to obtain the legal remedies provided under the relevant laws and regulations in a timely 
manner.
As the legal environment remains subject to continuous development, investors in Kuwait and the other MENA 
region countries may face uncertainty as to the security of their investments. Any unexpected changes in the 
legal systems in Kuwait and the MENA region may have a material adverse effect on the rights of holders of 
Notes issued under the Programme or the investments that the Group has made or may make in the future, 
which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business generally.
Tax changes in Kuwait may have an adverse effect on the Group
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not currently subject to corporation tax on its earnings 
within Kuwait and Kuwait does not impose value-added tax (“VAT”) on the sale of goods and services. 
However, investors should be aware that certain GCC states, not including Kuwait, have recently implemented 
VAT on goods and services as part of a GCC-wide VAT framework. Currently, the Kuwaiti government has not 
announced plans to introduce VAT in 2021. In addition, the Kuwaiti government is implementing fiscal reforms 
which may include introducing a proposed 10 per cent. corporate income tax in the future.
It is possible that, once VAT is introduced in Kuwait, the Group’s costs would increase and its future profitability 
could be negatively affected. In addition, the proposed imposition of a tax on corporate earnings, if implemented 
and applied to the Group’s operations in Kuwait, would reduce its profits available for distribution to 
shareholders through dividends.
Kuwait’s economy and growth could be affected by Kuwaiti political considerations
Relations between the Government and Kuwait’s parliament (the “National Assembly”) have been tumultuous 
in the past. Because all legislation must be approved by National Assembly vote, measures requiring legislation 
that are proposed by the Council of Ministers can also be stalled indefinitely before being sent to the Emir for 
assent and ratification. See “Overview of Kuwait — Government, Political and Legal System”.
The National Assembly comprises 50 directly elected members. In the December 2020 polls, 24 of the 50 
contested seats were won by opposition candidates. Nonetheless, power remains concentrated within the royal 
family, with the Emir appointing the prime minister and 15 of the 16 ministerial posts. The next election is 
expected to take place in late 2024. The Emir, Nawaf Al Ahmed Al Sabah, is expected to continue many of his 
predecessor’s policies, including “Kuwaitisation”, and the role of regional peace broker.
The Egyptian banking sector faces significant challenges
The banking sector in Egypt remains in a relatively early stage of development compared with some other 
countries. Although the Egyptian government had stated its belief that a reform programme initiated in 2004 
has strengthened Egypt’s banking sector, unaddressed sector weaknesses could negatively impact the banking 
sector as a whole, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition, cash flows or results of operations in Egypt.
Political events in Egypt have also introduced further challenges for the banking system, including liquidity 
and reserves pressures, as well as an outflow of foreign investments. While the banking system has remained 
largely resilient in the face of unfavourable market conditions, the events of the 2011 revolution caused

--- Page 35 ---
22
Egyptian banks to close for 11 days. Reduced demand for credit in the market at times since then has also 
resulted in Egyptian banks, including ABK Egypt, allocating large portions of excess liquidity to their sovereign 
investment portfolios. If market conditions in Egypt worsen or political instability in Egypt recurs, there can be 
no assurance that the banking system will not face further closures or that the Group will be able to compensate 
for any further significant reduced demand for credit in the market.
Egypt has experienced a number of terrorist attacks in recent years which could adversely impact its 
banking sector
In common with other countries in the MENA region, Egypt has experienced occasional terrorist attacks in 
recent years. For example, most recently, four people were killed and 11 others were wounded in December 
2018 as a result of a bomb attack on a tourist bus near Cairo and, in August 2019, at least 20 people were killed 
and 47 injured following a car bomb attack in Cairo.
There can be no assurance that extremists or terrorist groups will not escalate or continue occasional violent 
activities in Egypt. The effects of any such terrorist activities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business in Egypt as investor confidence in investing in Egypt and Egyptian banks is further weakened.
The statistical data contained in this document should be treated with caution by prospective investors
Statistics contained in this document, including in relation to GDP, money supply, inflation and indebtedness 
of the Kuwaiti government, have been obtained from, among other sources, the CBK and the IMF. Such 
statistics, and the component data on which they are based, may not have been compiled in the same manner as 
data provided by other sources and may be different from statistics published by third parties, reflecting the fact 
that the underlying assumptions and methodology may vary from source to source.
There may also be material variances between preliminary, estimated or projected statistics set forth in this 
document and actual results, and between statistics set forth in this document and corresponding data previously 
published by or on behalf of Kuwait. Consequently, the statistical data contained in this document should be 
treated with caution by prospective investors.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features:
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity in the event of taxation
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any change of

--- Page 36 ---
23
law in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Kuwait or any political subdivision or authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, 
which results in withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Kuwait or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6(c)” for further details.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Where the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate (as defined herein) is held by or on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer.
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
Such Global Notes or Global Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global 
Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. While 
the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the, where applicable, common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note or Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global 
Certificates.
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in a Global Note or Global Certificate will not have a direct right under such Global Note 
or Global Certificate to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant 
Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:
Modification and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including 
by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally and to obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from Noteholders without calling 
a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in

--- Page 37 ---
24
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and whose Notes are outstanding shall, for all 
purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer will be 
entitled to rely upon:
(i)
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; and
(ii)
where electronic consent is not being sought: (a) consent or instructions given in writing directly to the 
Issuer by accountholders in the clearing systems with entitlements to such Global Note or Global
Certificate; and/or (b) where the accountholders hold such entitlement on behalf of another person, on 
written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately 
beneficially held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant 
clearing system”) and in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above;
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be 
required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, and holders of the 
Notes which are “non-GCC corporate entities” may become subject to the Kuwaiti income tax regime 
in certain limited circumstances
Article 150 (bis) of Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the 
Regulating of Securities Activities, (which was introduced pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015) (“Article 150 
(bis)”), provides that, without prejudice to the tax on profits arising from the disposal of securities issued by 
companies listed on Boursa Kuwait (previously known as the Kuwait Stock Exchange), the returns from bonds 
and other similar securities, regardless of the nature of the issuer, are exempt from Kuwaiti tax.
In addition, the Kuwait Ministry of Finance has issued Administrative Resolution No. 2028 of 2015 (the 
"Administrative Resolution"), which essentially endorses the provisions of Article 150 (bis).
However, the Kuwait Ministry of Finance's Department of Income Tax (“DIT”) has to date not always adopted 
consistent rulings on Kuwaiti tax matters more generally. Accordingly, to the extent that the exemption afforded 
by Article 150 (bis) is held not to apply to the Notes, or to a particular Noteholder, such Noteholder or the
Noteholders which are non-GCC corporate entities may become subject to income tax in Kuwait (see "Taxation 
– Kuwait" for further details).
In addition, neither Article 150 (bis) nor the Administrative Resolution addressed the issue of whether or not 
there remains an obligation (as described under “Taxation — Kuwait - Retention”) to deduct five per cent. of 
the amount of any payments made by the Issuer directly to the holders of the Notes. Accordingly, there is a 
possibility that the deduction of the five per cent. obligation may be applied in certain circumstances, pending

--- Page 38 ---
25
resolution of their tax position. The deducted five per cent. would be released by the Issuer upon presentation
to it by the holders of the Notes of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT. In any event, any deducted amounts 
would be required to be grossed up by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the Deed of Covenant and the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (See Condition 8 (Taxation)) and accordingly, in practice, a Noteholder 
would not need to present such a tax clearance certificate. 
To date there has been no official statement made publicly by the DIT regarding its interpretation of Article 150 
(bis), the Administrative Resolution and/or their application. Similarly, the Kuwaiti courts (who will be the final 
arbiters on the matter) have not been required to interpret such provisions to date. Therefore, it is not possible 
to state definitively how the DIT and/or the Kuwaiti courts may implement or enforce the Taxation Laws (as 
defined in "Taxation — Kuwait") including Article 150 (bis) in practice. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
Kuwaiti and other applicable tax laws of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments 
under the Notes.
Value added tax
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Kuwait does not impose value-added tax (“VAT”) on the sale of goods 
and services. However, investors should be aware that the GCC states, including Kuwait, have agreed to the 
implementation of a GCC-wide VAT framework (the “VAT Framework”), to be introduced at a rate of 5 per 
cent. The national legislation in Kuwait implementing the VAT Framework has yet to be promulgated and no 
Kuwait-specific details of the regime have been released as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Therefore, 
although the Kuwait parliament has previously indicated that it will postpone its introduction of VAT, it is 
impossible to state with accuracy if, and when, VAT will be introduced in Kuwait. Further, due to the wide 
discretion conferred to each GCC member state under the VAT Framework, the terms and conditions of the VAT 
regime, if introduced in Kuwait, are not known as at the date of this Base Prospectus. If the Issuer becomes 
subject to VAT in Kuwait, its profitability may be adversely affected which may then impact its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Change of law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.
Change of tax law
Statements in this Base Prospectus concerning the taxation of investors are of a general nature and are based 
upon current law and practice in the jurisdictions stated. Such law and practice is, in principle, subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective effect, and this could adversely affect investors.
In addition, any change in legislation or in practice in a relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact (i) the 
ability of the Issuer to service the Notes and (ii) the market value of the Notes.
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denominations (as defined 
in the Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed)

--- Page 39 ---
26
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations.
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
There is a risk that the Kuwaiti courts will assume jurisdiction
Each of the Dealer Agreement, Deed of Covenant, Agency Agreement and the Notes (the “Documents”)
contain a provision to the effect that disputes arising thereunder will be referred to arbitration under the LCIA 
Rules. 
Nevertheless, if a claim is brought before the Kuwaiti courts, the Kuwaiti courts may still accept jurisdiction in 
any suit, action or proceedings in the situations identified in Articles 23, 24 and 26 of Kuwait Law No. 38 of 
1980 (the Code of Civil and Commercial Procedure), as amended (the "Code"). These situations include: (a) 
where the defendant in the proceedings expressly or impliedly accepted the jurisdiction of the Kuwaiti courts; 
(b) where the defendant is a Kuwaiti national or is resident, domiciled or has a place of business or a chosen 
domicile in Kuwait; or (c) if such legal proceedings relate to property (movable or immovable) located in 
Kuwait, an obligation is created, executed or required to be performed in Kuwait or a bankruptcy is declared in 
Kuwait.
There can therefore be no assurance that the Kuwaiti courts will decline jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute 
under the Documents, notwithstanding that the Documents provide that the parties have agreed that any disputes 
arising thereunder shall be referred to arbitration. The risk that the Kuwaiti courts would assume jurisdiction 
on the proceedings is reduced, but not eliminated, in the event that: (a) the respondent to a claim raises 
procedural defences as regards the jurisdiction; and (b) the existence of previous or simultaneous proceedings 
in, or res judicata judgments from, a competent jurisdiction outside Kuwait, on the subject matter and involving 
the same disputing parties. In addition to the foregoing, Article 173 of the Code provides that the Kuwaiti courts 
have no jurisdiction to hear disputes which have been validly agreed to be referred to arbitration, provided that
the party raising the existence of an arbitration provision does so before taking any substantive steps in the 
proceedings, or any other act or omission which would be considered a waiver of the right to seek arbitration. 
The Kuwaiti courts will not recognise or give effect to the choice of the laws of England to govern the 
Documents, nor enforce a foreign judgment or foreign arbitral award to the extent that any of such laws, 
judgments or arbitral awards are found by the Kuwaiti courts to be contrary to rules of public order or morality 
of Kuwait.
The insolvency regime in Kuwait is relatively untested with limited guidance as to how the legislative 
framework will be applied in practice by the courts in Kuwait
Notwithstanding that the Documents are expressed to be governed by English law, in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency, the Kuwaiti insolvency law implemented through Law No. 71 of 2020 (the “Insolvency Law”) 
shall apply. It is to be noted that the previous Kuwait bankruptcy regime has recently been replaced by the 
Insolvency Law which has recently come into full force and effect on 25 July 2021. The Kuwait bankruptcy 
regime may, in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations 
under the Documents and, consequently, its ability to perform its obligations in respect of any Notes. Further, 
obtaining a final bankruptcy judgment in Kuwait may take several years. There is little precedent to predict 
how any claims on behalf of holders of the Notes against the Issuer would be resolved in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency and therefore there can be no assurance that holders of the Notes will receive payment for their 
claims in full or at all in these circumstances.

--- Page 40 ---
27
Noteholders will only be able to enforce their contractual rights under the Notes through arbitration 
under the LCIA Rules and LCIA awards relating to disputes arising under the Notes may not be 
enforceable in Kuwait
Each of the Documents contains a provision to the effect that disputes arising under the Documents will be 
referred to arbitration under the LCIAArbitration Rules. Noteholders will therefore only have recourse to LCIA 
arbitration in order to enforce their contractual rights under any Notes, and will not have the right to bring 
proceedings relating to any Notes before the English courts.
Kuwait is a party to the 1958 New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral 
Awards (the “New York Convention”). A foreign arbitral award will be recognised and enforced in Kuwait 
(without re-trial or examination of the merits of the case) in accordance with the Code. Article 200 of the Code 
provides that foreign arbitral awards are to be recognised and enforced under the same conditions (applied 
mutatis mutandis to foreign arbitral awards) as are applied in respect of the enforcement of foreign judgments 
under Article 199 of the Code (as detailed below) save that, in addition, the subject matter of the award must 
be considered arbitrable under Kuwaiti law and the arbitral award must be enforceable in the jurisdiction in 
which it was rendered. 
Article 199 of the Code requires that: (a) the courts of the jurisdiction by which the judgment was rendered 
must afford reciprocal treatment to judgments rendered in Kuwait; (b) the judgment must be rendered by a 
competent authority according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was rendered; (c) the parties must have 
been duly summoned to appear and were duly represented at the proceedings; (d) the judgment must be final 
and non-appealable (res judicata) according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was rendered; (e) the 
judgment must not contradict any prior judgment rendered by a Kuwaiti Court; and, finally (f) the judgment 
must not contain anything in conflict with the general morals or public order of Kuwait.
The requirement to establish reciprocal enforcement under Article 199 of the Code with respect to the 
recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards issued in England is satisfied as England and Kuwait are both 
signatories to the New York Convention.
As noted above, enforcement of a foreign arbitral award or foreign judgment in Kuwait requires the filing of an 
enforcement action in the Kuwaiti Courts. Proceedings before the Kuwaiti Courts, including enforcement 
actions, can take a relatively long time before a final and non-appealable judgment is issued.
There have not been many occasions in which the Kuwaiti Courts have been asked to consider the enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards or foreign judgments and so (notwithstanding that on those occasions when they have 
been asked to do so they have shown that they will follow the provisions of the Code and enforce an arbitral 
award) there is not a large body of decided cases in which the practical implications of complying with Article 
199 of the Code have been analysed.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk:
The secondary market generally
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited

--- Page 41 ---
28
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to 
the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this Base 
Prospectus, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK 
credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. In each case, this is subject to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the 
case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. Furthermore, in the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional

--- Page 42 ---
29
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided 
the relevant conditions are satisfied.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.
Regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return 
on Notes based on such benchmarks
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark, within the UK.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
For example, the working group on Euro risk-free rates for the Euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, inter alia, new Euro-denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, inter alia, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
Euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the Euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate 
Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5(i)(i) (Independent Adviser) is applicable, the Conditions 
provide that where a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs, including if the relevant Reference 
Rate (as defined in the Conditions), and/or any page on which the relevant Reference Rate may be published,

--- Page 43 ---
30
becomes unavailable, there is a possibility that the Rate of Interest could alternatively be set by an Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (without a requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders) by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, and (in either case) an Adjustment Spread may be applied to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in 
Floating Rate Notes initially linked to or referencing the relevant Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Interest Amount) than they would do if the relevant Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. Further, the market (if any) for Floating Rate Notes linked to any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be less liquid than the market for Floating Rate Notes linked 
to the relevant Reference Rate.
The consent of the Noteholders shall not be required in connection with effecting a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread.
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer 
may fail to determine the Successor Rate or failing which the Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) 
an Adjustment Spread, in which case the Issuer may (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), determine the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) an Adjustment 
Spread. Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) has failed to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period which may be the initial 
Rate of Interest (subject to adjustments for any different Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
or Margin which may apply in respect of the new Interest Accrual Period) . Applying the initial Rate of Interest, 
or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Reference 
Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
relevant Reference Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
(in either case) an Adjustment Spread could be determined. In particular, applying the initial Rate of Interest, 
or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event is likely to result in the effective application of a fixed rate for the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference a benchmark.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5(i)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred, the then-current 
Benchmark will be replaced by a Benchmark Replacement (determined by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions) for all purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates.
Investors in Floating Rate Notes should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment 
about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms 
or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark and the material adverse effect these may have on 
the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference any such benchmark.

--- Page 44 ---
31
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in the 
capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR 
reference rate (which seeks to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a 
designated term) or different measures of such an alternative reference rate. For example, on 2 March 2020, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Index. The 
continued development of SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued 
development of SOFR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. The 
use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the 
calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have 
been used in SOFR linked notes issued in the market to-date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula or other calculation provisions in the Conditions, will gain 
widespread market acceptance. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference SOFR 
under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption 
or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SOFR.
SOFR differs from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and has a limited history
SOFR differs from inter-bank offered rates (“IBORs”, which include EURIBOR) in a number of material 
respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas IBORs 
are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. 
As such, investors should be aware that IBORs and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to forward-looking rates which are unsecured 
rates. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future 
performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The 
level of SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, 
may change in the future.
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Period Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in 
contrast to Floating Rate Notes referencing an IBOR, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an 
Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is 
not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by

--- Page 45 ---
32
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable.
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. There can be no guarantee 
that SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of investors in Notes referencing SOFR. In particular, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of SOFR or its related indices, including changes related to the method by which SOFR or a related index 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the 
publication of SOFR or a related index. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR or a related index.

--- Page 46 ---
33
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents, each of which have previously been published, shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of this Base Prospectus:
1.
the Interim Financial Information, together with the review report thereon (available at: 
https://abk.eahli.com/abk/pdfs/ABKFSQ32021EN.pdf);
2.
the 
2020 
Financial 
Statements, 
together 
with 
the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
(available 
at: 
https://abk.eahli.com/abk/pdfs/Financial_2020_en.pdf)
3.
the 
2019 
Financial 
Statements, 
together 
with 
the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
(available 
at: 
https://abk.eahli.com/abk/pdfs/Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements_EN.pdf); and
4.
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 29 to 51 (inclusive) in the base prospectus dated 
16 March 2017 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_02489d94-fbb1-4166-
a2c5-5ae34c8b6a49.PDF),
(together, the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
Those parts of the base prospectus listed in paragraph 4 above which are not specifically incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant 
information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any information incorporated by reference in the 
documents listed in paragraphs 1 to 4 above shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and is deemed to either 
be not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent during usual business hours.

--- Page 47 ---
34
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and 
expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this overview.
Issuer:
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P.
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer:
254900PGVVLJTOEWLL80
Website of the Issuer:
https://abk.eahli.com/abk/Default.aspx
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Size:
Up to U.S.$1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time.
Arrangers:
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, HSBC Bank plc and J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc
Dealers:
Ahli Capital Investment Company K.S.C.C., Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, HSBC Bank plc and J.P. Morgan Securities 
plc. The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches.
Fiscal Agent:
HSBC Bank plc
Transfer Agent:
HSBC Bank plc
Registrar:
HSBC Bank plc
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will 
be completed in the Final Terms.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of

--- Page 48 ---
35
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global 
Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date 
or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year 
and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined 
in “–Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will 
be represented by a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes 
will be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes 
that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”.
Clearing Systems:
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.
Initial Delivery of Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered 
Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on 
issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers.
Specified Denomination:
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that: (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA 
Member State in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 
19 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000

--- Page 49 ---
36
(“FSMA”) will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed Rate Notes will bear fixed interest payable in arrear on the 
date or dates in each year as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
(ii)
by reference to the relevant Reference Rate as adjusted for 
any applicable margin.
If a Benchmark Event (or, if applicable, a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date) occurs in 
relation to the relevant Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component thereof) remains to be determined by 
such Reference Rate, then the provisions set out in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes –
Condition 5(i) (Benchmark 
Replacement)” shall apply as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
length of the interest periods for the Floating Rate Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Floating Rate
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the
Floating Rate Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest.
Redemption:
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).

--- Page 50 ---
37
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:
The Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes in whole, but not in 
part, if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts in respect of the Notes, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws and regulations of Kuwait or any 
political subdivision or authority thereof having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws and regulations, and such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, as more 
particularly described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –
Condition 6(c)
(Redemption, Purchase and Options
–
Redemption for Taxation Reasons)”.
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem all or some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as more particularly 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer)”.
Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders 
may elect to redeem their Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as more particularly 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders)”. 
Status of Notes:
The Notes will constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu
and without any preference among themselves and the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and 
subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 3 (Status)”.
Negative Pledge:
The Notes will have a benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)”.
Cross Default:
The Notes will have a benefit of a cross default provision as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 10 
(Events of Default)”.
Ratings:
The Issuer has been assigned ratings of A+ with a negative 
outlook by Fitch and A2 with a stable outlook by Moody’s.

--- Page 51 ---
38
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, 
respectively, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.
Taxation:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes imposed in Kuwait, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to the exemptions in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Condition 8 (Taxation)”, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would 
have been received by it had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Condition 8 (Taxation)”.
Governing Law:
English law.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for each Series 
of the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
the Official List and to be admitted to trading on its Regulated 
Market, the Main Securities Market. Notes may be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to the Series and as will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes may also be issued which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market
Immunity
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for 
itself or its assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, 
attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or 
otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such 
immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such 
jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer will 
agree in the Notes not to claim and will irrevocably and 
unconditionally waive such immunity to the fullest extent 
permitted by the laws or such jurisdiction. Further, the Issuer will 
irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the giving of any 
relief or the issue of any legal proceedings, including, without 
limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings 
and injunctions in connection with any disputes.

--- Page 52 ---
39
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Kuwait, the 
Dubai International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”), the United 
Arab Emirates (the “UAE”) (excluding the DIFC), the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, State of Qatar
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and Japan. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act, as amended.
The Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the Code) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 53 ---
40
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions 
as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as 
the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 9 December 2021 between Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P. (the “Issuer”), 
HSBC Bank plc as fiscal agent, HSBC Bank plc as registrar and the other agents named in it and with the benefit 
of a Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 9 
December 2021 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as 
the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, 
the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the 
case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all
respects.
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Registered Notes are 
represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 54 ---
41
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only 
of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option pursuant to Condition 6(d) or 6(e), respectively in respect of, or a 
partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the 
holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the 
same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of 
that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the 
existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes 
to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2 (b) or (c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk 
of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).

--- Page 55 ---
42
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Registered Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agents (except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail), but 
upon payment by Noteholders of any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may 
require).
(f)
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (ii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iii) during 
the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3
Status
The Notes and any Coupons relating to them (as the case may be) constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future.
4
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the Issuer will not, 
and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge 
or other security interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes and 
the Coupons the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee 
or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
In this Condition:
(i)
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced 
by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended 
to be or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter 
or other securities market; and 
(ii)
“Subsidiary” means at any particular time, a company which is then directly or indirectly controlled, or 
more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned, 
by the Issuer and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries. For a company to be “controlled” by another, means 
that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, the 
possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the 
majority of the members of the Board of Directors or other governing body of that company or otherwise 
controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that company.
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage)

--- Page 56 ---
43
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date provided 
that if the Specified Currency is Hong Kong dollars and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii)
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to 
either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and

--- Page 57 ---
44
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest (other than in respect 
of Notes for which SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate hereon) for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(i)
the offered quotation; or
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided in Condition 5(e)(iii)) of such offered quotations.
(y)
Subject to Condition 5(i), if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-
paragraph (x)(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(ii) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the 
Relevant Time, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(z)
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below including Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that

--- Page 58 ---
45
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be that determined (i) as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the first Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate specified hereon is SOFR:
(a)
Where the Calculation Method specified hereon is “Compounded Daily”, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as 
provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated hereon but subject to Condition 5(e)(ii)) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, where:
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated hereon and further 
provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
 1 + 	
 

 −1



  

“Applicable Period” means,
(a)
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified hereon as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; and

--- Page 59 ---
46
(b)
where “Observation Shift” is specified hereon as the Observation Method, 
the Observation Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period;
“Business Day” or “BD” means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“D” is the number specified hereon;
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period;
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period;
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such 
hereon;
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period;
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Period 
Date;
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from and including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following Business Day;
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
“p” Business Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period:
(a)
where “Lag” is specified hereon as the Observation Method, the number 
of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified 
hereon (or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days);
(b)
where “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified hereon as the 
Observation Method, zero; or
(c)
where “Observation Shift” or “SOFR Index” is specified hereon as the 
Observation Method, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified hereon (which shall not be less 
than five Business Days without the consent of the Calculation Agent);
“r” means:

--- Page 60 ---
47
(a)
where either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified hereon as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect 
of such Business Day;
(b)
where “Lock-out” is specified hereon as the Observation Method:
(i)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
and
(c)
where “Payment Delay” is specified hereon as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Accrual Period, in 
respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate 
Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date;
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning specified hereon;
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for, (i) where “Lag” is specified hereon as the Observation Method, the 
Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) 
falling “p” Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, 
the relevant Business Day “i”;
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the New York Fed’s Website, in each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New 
York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day 
(the “SOFR Determination Time”); and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
(b)
Where the Calculation Method specified hereon is “Weighted Average”, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as 
provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus 
or minus (as indicated hereon but subject to Condition 5(e)(ii)) the Margin and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the

--- Page 61 ---
48
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, where:
“Business Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (C)(a) above; 
“Lock-out Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (C)(a) above; 
“Observation Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (C)(a) above;
“Reference Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (C)(a) above; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means:
(a)
where “Lag” is specified hereon as the Observation Method, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by 
the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and
(b)
where “Lock-out” is specified hereon as the Observation Method, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling 
in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during 
that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for 
the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day.
(c)
Where the Calculation Method specified hereon is “SOFR Index”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as 
provided below, be the SOFR Index Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or 
minus (as indicated in hereon but subject to Condition 5(e)(ii) the Margin and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, where:
“p” has the meaning set out in paragraph (C)(a) above;
“SOFR Averages” shall mean the computation bearing the same name as 
published on the New York Fed’s Website;
“SOFR Index” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:

--- Page 62 ---
49
(a)
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) as such index appears on the New York Fed’s Website at 5.00 
p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or
(b)
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (a) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, then:
(i)
if a Benchmark Event (or, if Condition 5(i)(ii) applies, a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date) has not occurred, the SOFR Index Reference 
Rate shall be the SOFR Index Unavailable value; or
(ii)
if a Benchmark Event (or, if Condition 5(i)(ii) applies, a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date) has occurred, then the SOFR Index 
Reference Rate shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 5(i);
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period Date relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period;
“SOFR Index Reference Rate” means:
   !"
  #$%&$
−1'  360
+
'
where “dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to 
(but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period);
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event 
(or, if Condition 5(i)(ii) applies, a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date) has not occurred, “SOFR Index Reference Rate” 
means, for the relevant Interest Accrual Period for which such index is not 
available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated 
in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for 
such 
formula, 
published 
on 
the 
New 
York 
Fed’s 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information. 
For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding 
formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be replaced with 
“Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” shall 
be removed. If the daily SOFR does not so appear for any day, “i” in the 
Observation Period, SOFR for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Fed’s Website.

--- Page 63 ---
50
(d)
If, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (C)(a) above), the 
Reference Rate is not available, subject to Condition 5(i) such Reference Rate shall 
be the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (C)(a) above) for the first preceding Business 
Day on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website and “r” 
shall be interpreted accordingly.
(e)
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined (i) as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the first Interest Accrual Period).
(f)
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 6 or Condition 10, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified hereon, be deemed to 
be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date.
(g)
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(C), if “Payment Delay” is specified hereon 
as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date shall be read as 
reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment 
Date instead.
(D)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.

--- Page 64 ---
51
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity.
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth 
significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half 
a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency.
(f)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate

--- Page 65 ---
52
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(i)
Benchmark Replacement
(i)
Independent Adviser
Notwithstanding Condition 5(b), if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred 
in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified hereon when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply (other than where the Benchmark Replacement Fall 
Back specified hereon is “Condition 5(i)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable”):
(A)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser as soon as 
reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and (in 
either case) an Adjustment Spread no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest

--- Page 66 ---
53
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period (the “Interest 
Accrual Period Determination Cut-off Date”) for the purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Accrual Periods (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(i)(i) in its entirety);
(B)
if: (1) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (2) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread, prior to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with 
subparagraph (A) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may elect to determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) an 
Adjustment Spread itself for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Accrual 
Periods (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(i)(i) in its entirety); provided, 
however, that if this subparagraph (B) applies and the Issuer has failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period in accordance with this subparagraph (B), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period (which may be the initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual  Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
For the avoidance of doubt, if this subparagraph (B) applies and the Issuer has failed to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period in accordance with this subparagraph (B), this 
subparagraph (B) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(i)(i) in its entirety;
(C)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Accrual Periods 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(i)(i) in its entirety including in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate);
(D)
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be). If, 
however, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) is unable to 
determine, prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period, the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread;

--- Page 67 ---
54
(E)
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate and (in each case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
also specify changes to these Conditions, including to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, 
Interest Payment Dates and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread 
applicable to the Notes (and in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (as applicable) (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(i)(i)(G), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice and such 
Benchmark Amendments shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Accrual Periods 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(i)(i) in its entirety) provided that no such 
Benchmark Amendments shall impose more onerous obligations on the Calculation Agent 
or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities, or decrease its rights and protections, 
unless the Calculation Agent consents;
(F)
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i)(i) shall act in a 
commercially reasonable manner, in good faith and subject as aforesaid (in the absence of 
fraud), shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(i)(i) 
No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other 
changes pursuant to subparagraph (E), including for the execution of any documents, 
amendments or other steps by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or such other person 
specified hereon as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amounts) (if required); and
(G)
the Issuer shall, promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof and of any Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to subparagraph (E) above to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation 
Agent, and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by a director or a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer:
(a)
confirming: (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (2) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Reference Rate; (3) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (4) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i)(i); and
(b)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 68 ---
55
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its specified office, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.
(H)
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(i)(i) (A), (B), (C), 
(D) and (E), the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.
For the purpose of these Conditions:
“Adjustment Spread” means either: (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero); or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(b)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is 
customarily applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry accepted 
replacement rate for the relevant Reference Rate; or
(c)
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
relevant Reference Rate where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or
(d)
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that no such industry standard 
is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) (as applicable), determines to be appropriate;
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of Notes denominated in the same 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Accrual Period or, if the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate;
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 69 ---
56
(a)
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
(b)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
“Specified Future Date”); or
(c)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or
(d)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or
(e)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by a Specified 
Future Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology 
to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or
(f)
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable).
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the relevant Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date;
“Financial Stability Board” means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) 
in April 2009;
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(a)
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of:
(i)
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates;
(ii)
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the reference rate;

--- Page 70 ---
57
(iii)
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities;
(iv)
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof; or
(v)
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate that is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body as a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate.
(ii)
ARRC
This Condition 5(i)(ii) shall apply, in the case of Notes for which the Specified Currency specified 
hereon is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate specified hereon is SOFR, if the Benchmark 
Replacement Fall Back specified hereon is “Condition 5(i)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable”:
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5(i)(ii), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection:
(A)
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;
(B)
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner); and
(C)
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.
For the purpose of this Condition:
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall 
mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement;
“Benchmark Replacement” means, in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR, the 
first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
(a)
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark; and (2) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(b)
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or
(c)
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-

--- Page 71 ---
58
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;
(b)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(c)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then- current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark:
(a)
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later 
of: (1) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
and (2) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark; or
(b)
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark:
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or

--- Page 72 ---
59
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; or
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; or
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time;
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (b) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
The Issuer shall, promptly following the determination of any Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes pursuant to this Condition 5(i)(ii), give notice thereof to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Calculation Agent, and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by a director or a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer:
(a)
confirming: (1) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; (2) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement; and (3) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 73 ---
60
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(i)(ii); and
(b)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its specified office, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.
(j)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 74 ---
61
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
,- ./01 	,213/ =
[360  (78 −7)] + [30  (;8 −;)] + (8 −)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
,- ./01 	,213/ =
[360  (78 −7)] + [30  (;8 −;)] + (8 −)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 75 ---
62
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(viii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year,
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s);
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended;
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but 
excluding the next succeeding Interest Period Date;
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period 
forms part provided that if the Specified Currency is Hong Kong dollars, the Fixed

--- Page 76 ---
63
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of 
Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest HK$0.01 (HK$0.005 being rounded upwards); and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified hereon;
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Hong Kong 
Dollars or (ii)the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro;
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon;
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
hereon;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date), 
unless otherwise specified hereon;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon;
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIMEAN and LIBID, the 
principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case 
of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of SHIBOR, the principal 
Shanghai office of four major banks in the Shanghai inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the Hong 
Kong inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of KIBOR, the principal Kuwait 
City office of four major banks in the Kuwait inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination KLIBOR, the principal Kuala Lumpur office of four major banks in the 
Kuala Lumpur inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EIBOR, the principal 
Dubai office of four major banks in the Emirates inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of SAIBOR, the principal Riyadh office of four major banks in the Saudi 
Arabia inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of BBSW, the principal Sydney 
office of four major banks in the Australia inter-bank market, in the case of a determination 
of TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, the principal Istanbul office of four major banks in the 
Turkish inter-bank market, or in the case of a determination of TIBOR, the principal Tokyo 
office of four major banks in the Tokyo inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate that is not specified above, the principal office of four

--- Page 77 ---
64
major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon;
“Reference Rate” means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified hereon) in 
respect of the currency and period specified hereon: 
(i)
Euro interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”);
(ii)
London interbank bid rate (“LIBID”);
(iii)
London interbank mean rate (“LIMEAN”);
(iv)
Shanghai interbank offered rate (“SHIBOR”);
(v)
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”);
(vi)
Kuwait interbank offered rate (“KIBOR”)
(vii)
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (“KLIBOR”);
(viii)
Emirates interbank offered rate (“EIBOR”);
(ix)
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (“SAIBOR”);
(x)
Bank Bill Swap Rate (“BBSW”);
(xi)
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (“TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR”); 
(xii)
Tokyo interbank offered rate (“TIBOR”); and
(xiii)
SOFR;
“Relevant Financial Centre” means (i) London, in the case of a determination of LIBID
and LIMEAN; (ii) Beijing, in the case of a determination of SHIBOR; (iii) Brussels, in 
the case of a determination of EURIBOR; (iv) Kuwait City, in the case of a determination 
of KIBOR; (v) Kuala Lumpur, in the case of a determination of KLIBOR; (vi) Dubai, in 
the case of a determination of EIBOR; (vii) Riyadh, in the case of a determination of 
SAIBOR; (viii) Sydney, in the case of a determination of BBSW; (ix) Istanbul, in the case 
of a determination of TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR; (x) Tokyo, in the case of a determination 
of TIBOR; or (xi) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR or (xii) such other 
financial centre as specified hereon;
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service);
“Relevant Time” means: (a) 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of 
LIMEAN and LIBID, Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Shanghai time, in the case of a determination of SHIBOR, Hong Kong time, in the case 
of a determination of HIBOR, Kuwait time, in the case of a determination of KIBOR, 
Kuala Lumpur time, in the case of a determination of KLIBOR, Dubai time, in the case of 
a determination of EIBOR, Riyadh time, in the case of a determination of SAIBOR, 
Sydney time, in the case of a determination of BBSW, Istanbul time, in the case of a 
determination of TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, or Tokyo time, in the case of a determination 
of TIBOR); or (b) Relevant Financial Centre time in the case of a determination of any 
other Reference Rate;

--- Page 78 ---
65
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated;
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007 or any successor thereto.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption:
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise specified hereon, is its nominal amount). In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified 
Currency is Hong Kong dollars, if the Maturity Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Maturity Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby fall in the next calendar 
month in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day.
(b)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the “Amortised 
Face Amount” (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified 
hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note 
as calculated in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect 
as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d)

--- Page 79 ---
66
or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the State of 
Kuwait (“Kuwait”) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 6(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified hereon) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
hereon.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 80 ---
67
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No 
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f)
Purchases: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Agency Agreement) may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price.
(g)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in 
the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET SYSTEM. 
(b)
Registered Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank:
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents

--- Page 81 ---
68
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (v) a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe and (vi) such other agents as 
may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 82 ---
69
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon 
and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Kuwait or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(a)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Kuwait other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 83 ---
70
(b)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth such day.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be 
deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed 
to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
10
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable:
(a)
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal (as the case may be) in respect of any 
of the Notes; or
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by any Noteholder requiring the same to be 
remedied; or
(c)
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes 
capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any event of default 
or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may 
be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer fails to pay when due or, as the case 
may be, within any originally applicable grace period, any amount payable by it under any present or 
future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the 
aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or 
more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) shall have occurred and be continuing equals 
or exceeds U.S.$10 million or its equivalent; or

--- Page 84 ---
71
(d)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced 
or sued out on or against any material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its
Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or
(e)
Unsatisfied Judgment: one or more judgments, final orders or final decrees of any court or regulatory 
or administrative agency for the payment of money in excess of U.S.$10 million (or its equivalent in any 
currency or currencies), either individually or in aggregate, is rendered against the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries or any of its respective properties and continues unsatisfied, unstayed and unappealed (or, 
if appealed, the appeal is unsuccessful and thereafter the judgment continues unsatisfied and unstayed 
for a period of 30 calendar days) for a period of 30 calendar days after the date thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or
(f)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of all or material part of the property, assets 
and revenue of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole becomes enforceable and any step is 
taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative 
receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person); or
(g)
Insolvency: the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or 
bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a 
material part of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed 
or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or a material part of the debts of the Issuer
or any of its Subsidiaries; or
(h)
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself or 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in each case 
except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation (i) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or
(i)
Government Intervention: by or under authority of any government, (i) the management of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries is wholly or substantially displaced or the authority of the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries in the conduct of its business is wholly or substantially curtailed or (ii) all or a majority of 
the issued share capital of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or the whole or substantial part of its 
undertaking or assets are seized, nationalised, expropriated or compulsorily acquired; or
(j)
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) 
at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the 
courts of Kuwait is not taken, fulfilled or done; or
(k)
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes; or
(l)
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (g) and (h) above.

--- Page 85 ---
72
11
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened 
by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel 
the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes (other than in 
respect of an amendment as described in Condition 11(b)(iii)), (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating 
the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting 
not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: (i) any modification (except such modifications in respect of 
which an increased quorum is required in accordance with Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement) of the 
Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; (ii) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or 
the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or (iii) in the case of amendments to these 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(i) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any 
other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Condition 5(i), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
pursuant to Condition 5(i)(i)(G) or 5(i)(ii), as applicable. Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 86 ---
73
12
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced,
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.
13
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly.
14
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) and the rules of that exchange 
so require, notices required to be given to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation 
in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
15
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer, as the case may be, to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note 
or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency 
on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first 
date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed

--- Page 87 ---
74
to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by 
it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for 
a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order.
16
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide for such Act to apply 
to any of their terms
17
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law.
(b)
Arbitration: Any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, related to, or having any 
connection with the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons (including any dispute regarding their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity or a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a 
“Dispute”) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the LCIA 
Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by 
reference into this Condition 17(b). For these purposes:
(i)
the seat of arbitration shall be London;
(ii)
there shall be three arbitrators each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall have 
no connection with any party hereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international 
securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one arbitrator and both 
arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the chairman of the tribunal. In 
cases where there are multiple claimants and/or multiple respondents, the class of claimants 
jointly, and the class of respondents jointly shall each nominate one arbitrator. If one party or both 
fails to nominate an arbitrator within the time limits specified by the Rules, such arbitrator(s) 
shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the party-nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third 
arbitrator within 15 days of the appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be 
appointed by the LCIA; and
(iii)
the language of the arbitration shall be English.
(c)
Appointment of a Process Agent: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited at its registered office at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its authorised 
agent for service of process in England. If for any reason such agent shall cease to be such agent for 
service of process, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a new agent for service of process in England and 
shall notify the Noteholders of such appointment. The Issuer will procure that, so long as any of the 
Notes remain outstanding, a person with an office in London shall be appointed to accept service. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 88 ---
75
(d)
Waiver of Immunity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets 
or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or 
otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be 
attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer agrees not to claim 
and irrevocably and unconditionally waives such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the laws or 
such jurisdiction. Further, the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief 
or the issue of any legal proceedings, including, without limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, 
prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with any Disputes.

--- Page 89 ---
76
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
Global Notes and Certificates may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Depositary.
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common 
Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
(“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate 
must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case 
may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have 
no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may 
be, in respect of each amount so paid.
3
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 90 ---
77
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part:
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or
(iii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the registered holder of the Notes represented by the relevant Global Certificate has given the 
Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of such holder’s intention to effect such 
transfer.
3.4
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.
3.5
Delivery of Notes
On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender such Global Note or, 
in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In 
exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a 
temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or 
procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes. In this Base Prospectus,

--- Page 91 ---
78
“Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed 
in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form 
set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes.
3.6
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located.
4
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect 
of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. A record of each payment so 
made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Notes. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” 
set out in Condition 7(h).
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing 
System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8).
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such

--- Page 92 ---
79
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled 
to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising 
such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon.
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time presenting the permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying 
Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation.
4.8
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in 
respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of a 
Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer on 9 December 2021 to come into effect in relation 
to the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons 
entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders 
with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case 
may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept by the Registrar will 
become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such 
election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the

--- Page 93 ---
80
whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been improperly 
withheld or refused.
4.9
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market and the rules 
of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times).
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and 
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in
the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is 
held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing 
system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to 
be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement 
or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures 
and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 94 ---
81
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); 
[or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
                                                       
1
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be “Applicable”.
2
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 95 ---
82
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [‘prescribed capital markets 
products’]/[capital markets products other than ‘prescribed capital market products’] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]4
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below:
Final Terms dated [●]
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P.
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the U.S.$ 1,500,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 December 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]
and [●]][which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]]5. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]] and these Final Terms have been published 
on the Central Bank of Ireland’s website (www.centralbank.ie).
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[●]which are incorporated by reference in the 
                                                       
4
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider whether it needs to reclassify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.
5
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, and listing on the official list, of Euronext Dublin.
6
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, and listing on the official list, of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 96 ---
83
Base Prospectus dated 9 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]]. [This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 9 December 2021 which constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]7 , including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]] and these Final Terms have been published on the Central Bank of Ireland’s 
website (www.centralbank.ie).
1
Issuer:
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P.
2
[(i)]
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [22] below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]].]
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] (if applicable)]
6
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes)
8
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [ specify month 
and year]]
(N.B. For Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification it will be necessary to use the second 
option here)
                                                       
7
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, and listing on the official list, of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 97 ---
84
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] month] [EURIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/SHIBOR/H
IBOR/KIBOR/KLIBOR/EIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/TR
LIBOR/TIBOR/[[●] SOFR]]+/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below)
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount.
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15
below and identify there/Not Applicable]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Put Option]
[Call Option]
See paragraph [17/18/19] below)]
13
[(i)]
Status of the Notes:
Senior
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[●]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 98 ---
85
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual /
Actual/Actual – ISDA /
Actual/365 (Fixed) /
Actual/365 (Sterling) /
Actual/360 /
30/360 /
360/260 /
Bond Basis /
30E/360 /
Eurobond Basis /
30E/360 (ISDA) /
Actual/Actual – ICMA]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year ]
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[Not Applicable]/ [[●] in each year [, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination /
ISDA Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent):
[●]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 99 ---
86
– Reference Rate:
[[●]month] [EURIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/
SHIBOR/HIBOR/KIBOR/KLIBOR/EIBOR/SAIBOR
/BBSW/TRLIBOR/TIBOR/SOFR]]
– Interest Determination Date(s):
[●][The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Accrual Period]/[First day of 
each Interest Accrual Period]/ [The [∙][first, second, 
third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Period Date for each Interest Accrual Period 
(or immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/ [The Interest Period Date at the end of each 
Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Accrual Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date -
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]
– Relevant Screen Page:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
– Relevant Financial Centre:
[Brussels/London/Beijing/Kuwait City/Kuala 
Lumpur/ Dubai/Riyadh/Sydney/Istanbul/Tokyo/Hong 
Kong]/[Not Applicable]
– Calculation Method:
[Weighted Average]/ [Compounded Daily]/ [SOFR 
Index]/[Not Applicable]
– Observation Method:
[Lag]/ [Lock-out]/ [Observation
Shift]/ [Payment Delay]/ [SOFR Index]/ [Not 
Applicable]
– Observation Look-Back Period:
[●]/ [Not Applicable]
– Effective Interest Payment Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each 
Interest Period Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last 
Applicable Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the 
Notes are redeemed before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption - used for Payment Delay 
only]/[Not Applicable]
– Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable – used for Payment Delay only]/[Not 
Applicable]
– D:
[360/[●]]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
– Floating Rate Option:
[●]
– Designated Maturity:
[●]
– Reset Date:
[●]

--- Page 100 ---
87
(xi)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual /
Actual/Actual – ISDA /
Actual/365 (Fixed) /
Actual/360 (Sterling) /
Actual/360 /
30/360 /
360/260 /
Bond Basis /
30E/360 /
Eurobond Basis /
30E/360 (ISDA) /
Actual/Actual – ICMA]
(xvi)
Benchmark Replacement Fall 
Back:
[Condition 5(i)(i) (Independent Adviser) is 
applicable]/[Condition 5(i)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable]
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[Actual/Actual /
Actual/Actual – ISDA /
Actual/365 (Fixed) /
Actual/360 (Sterling) /
Actual/360 /
30/360 /
360/260 /
Bond Basis /
30E/360 /
Eurobond Basis /
30E/360 (ISDA) /
Actual/Actual – ICMA]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]

--- Page 101 ---
88
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
Minimum period: [15 days]/[[●] days]
Maximum period: [30 days]/[[●] days]
18
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
Minimum period: [15 days]/[[●] days]
Maximum period: [30 days]/[[●] days]
19
Redemption for Taxation Reasons – Notice 
Period
Minimum period: [30 days]/[[●] days]
Maximum period: [60 days]/[[●] days]
20
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[●] per Calculation Amount
21
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption:
[●] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
22
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
Registered Notes:
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]

--- Page 102 ---
89
23
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
24
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):
[Yes [●]] / [No].
Signed on behalf of Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P.:
By:
…………………………………………
Duly authorised

--- Page 103 ---
90
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin 
and trading on its Regulated Market with effect from [●].]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]:
[[Fitch: [●]]
[[Moody’s: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
[Each of [●] and][●] is established in the European Union
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")]
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation of [●], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of 
[●].]
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation"). The ratings 
[[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by [●] in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. [●] is established 
in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.]
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No.1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), but it is certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.]
[Each of [●] and][●] is established in the UK and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).]

--- Page 104 ---
91
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the UK and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.]
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the UK and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No.
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]
3
RELEVANT BENCHMARK
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far as 
the Company is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[Not 
Applicable]
[[[EURIBOR/[LIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority pursuant  to  
Article  36  of  Regulation  (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK
Benchmarks Regulation”)/the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply such that 
[administrator legal name] [is/are] not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)].]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER [AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS]
[See Use of Proceeds in the Base Prospectus/[specify use of 
proceeds.]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer are different, will need to include those 
reasons here.)
[Estimated net proceeds are [●]]

--- Page 105 ---
92
5
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE/OFFER
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale/General 
Information”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer.”]
6
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
Any clearing system(s) other than
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
8
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A) 
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
Date of [Subscription] Agreement
[●]
(v)
US Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 106 ---
93
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes.

--- Page 107 ---
94
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with “Financial 
Review”.
See also “Presentation of Certain Financial and other Information” for a discussion of the sources of the 
numbers contained in this section.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position data as at 30 September 2021 
and as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
As at 30 
September
As at 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Assets
Cash and balances with banks....................
991,608
908,835
883,129
702,233
Kuwait Government treasury bonds...........
61,500
63,500
173,235
257,161
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds...................
139,708
138,617
136,621
127,646
Loans and advances...................................
3,205,671
3,117,095
3,215,696
3,025,992
Investment securities.................................
588,013
403,988
302,165
289,917
Investment in an associate .........................
26,223
25,323
23,830
21,896
Premises and equipment............................
60,536
62,877
65,615
55,710
Intangible assets........................................
17,967
18,538
18,340
16,865
Other assets...............................................
136,075
113,966
64,464
51,008
Total assets..............................................
5,227,301
4,852,739
4,883,095
4,548,428
Liabilities and equity
Liabilities..................................................
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions................................................
551,999
486,974
600,057
501,134
Customers’ deposits ..................................
3,776,187
3,485,545
3,319,771
3,114,504
Medium-term notes...................................
150,759
151,461
151,230
150,612
Other liabilities .........................................
144,504
137,776
121,076
105,813
Total liabilities.........................................
4,623,449
4,261,756
4,192,134
3,872,063
Equity
Share capital .............................................
170,012
161,917
161,917
161,917
Share premium..........................................
108,897
108,897
108,897
108,897
Treasury shares.........................................
(5,135)
(5,135)
(5,135)
(5,053)
Reserves ...................................................
237,888
233,247
333,435
319,042
Equity attributable to shareholders of 
the Bank ..................................................
511,662
498,926
599,144
584,803

--- Page 108 ---
95
As at 30 
September
As at 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Perpetual Tier 1 capital notes.....................
90,750
90,750
90,750
90,750
Non-controlling interests...........................
1,440
1,307
1,097
812
Total equity .............................................
603,852
590,983
690,961
676,365
Total liabilities and shareholders’
equity.......................................................
5,227,301
4,852,739
4,883,095
4,548,428
Consolidated Income Statement Data
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated income statement data for the nine-month periods ended 30 
September in each of 2021 and 2020.
For the nine-month period 
ended 30 September
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Interest income..........................................................................................
148,085
153,538
Interest expense ........................................................................................
(62,988)
(77,018)
Net interest income..................................................................................
85,097
76,520
Net fees and commission income...............................................................
21,896
18,849
Net foreign exchange gain.........................................................................
2,929
5,579
Net gain on investment securities...............................................................
1,856
(326)
Dividend income.......................................................................................
831
1,065
Share of results of an associate..................................................................
1,698
992
Other operating income.............................................................................
2,125
607
Operating income....................................................................................
116,432
103,286
Staff expenses ...........................................................................................
(29,870)
(25,871)
Other operating expenses...........................................................................
(19,546)
(18,981)
Depreciation and amortisation ...................................................................
(5,000)
(5,245)
Operating expenses .................................................................................
(54,416)
(50,097)
Operating profit for the period...............................................................
62,016
53,189
Provision/impairment losses......................................................................
(34,851)
(56,286)
(Loss)/profit for the period before taxation and Directors’ fee...............
27,165
(3,097)
Taxation....................................................................................................
(5,965)
(4,675)
Directors’ fee ............................................................................................
—
—

--- Page 109 ---
96
For the nine-month period 
ended 30 September
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Net (loss)/profit for the period.................................................................
21,200
(7,772)
Attributable to:..........................................................................................
Shareholders of the Bank...........................................................................
21,053
(7,946)
Non-controlling interests...........................................................................
147
174
21,200
(7,772)
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated income statement data for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
For the year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Interest income...............................................................
205,105
247,889
221,067
Interest expense .............................................................
(99,654)
(120,258)
(99,285)
Net interest income.......................................................
105,451
127,631
121,782
Net fees and commission income....................................
25,795
32,387
31,148
Net foreign exchange gain..............................................
5,911
4,910
5,053
Net gain on investment securities....................................
427
2,103
3,922
Dividend income............................................................
1,445
1,739
2,614
Share of results of an associate.......................................
1,973
2,894
3,220
Other operating income..................................................
462
840
1,076
Operating income.........................................................
141,464
172,504
168,815
Staff expenses ................................................................
(35,606)
(37,222)
(35,327)
Other operating expenses................................................
(25,464)
(22,582)
(24,882)
Depreciation and amortisation ........................................
(6,938)
(7,219)
(4,932)
Operating expenses ......................................................
(68,008)
(67,023)
(65,141)
Operating profit for the year .......................................
73,456
105,481
103,674
Provision/impairment losses...........................................
(136,483)
(71,641)
(56,179)
(Loss)/profit for the year before taxation and 
Directors’ fee ................................................................
(63,027)
33,840
47,495
Taxation.........................................................................
(6,482)
(4,620)
(4,693)
Directors’ fee .................................................................
—
(395)
(593)
Net (loss)/profit for the year.........................................
(69,509)
28,825
42,209
Attributable to:...............................................................

--- Page 110 ---
97
For the year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Shareholders of the Bank................................................
(69,684)
28,678
42,115
Non-controlling interests................................................
175
147
94
(69,509)
28,825
42,209
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Data
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income data for the nine-month 
periods ended 30 September in each of 2021 and 2020.
For the nine-month period 
ended 30 September
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Net (loss)/profit for the period...................................................................
21,200
(7,772)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to consolidated income 
statement:
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
Effect of net changes in fair value..............................................................
661
(885)
661
(885)
Items that are or will be reclassified subsequently to consolidated 
income statement:
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
Effect of net change in fair value...............................................................
(1,254)
(181)
Allowance for expected credit losses .........................................................
80
(122)
Recycling of net loss/(gain) on sale ...........................................................
(82)
565
(1,256)
262
Foreign currency translation:
Net exchange difference on translation of foreign operations......................
(1,140)
337
Total other comprehensive income for the period ..................................
(1,735)
(286)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period ..................................
19,465
(8,058)
Attributable to:..........................................................................................
Shareholders of the Bank...........................................................................
19,332
(8,256)
Non-controlling interests...........................................................................
133
198
19,465
(8,058)

--- Page 111 ---
98
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income data for each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018.
For the year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Net (loss)/profit for the year ...........................................
(69,509)
28,825
42,209
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
consolidated income statement:
Equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Effect of net changes in fair value...................................
(832)
5,010
(6,431)
Re-measurement of defined benefit obligation ................
217
(71)
148
Revaluation of freehold land...........................................
(552)
214
261
(1,167)
5,153
(6,022)
Items that are or will be reclassified subsequently to 
consolidated income statement:
Debt instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Effect of net change in fair value....................................
668
8,282
(2,873)
Allowance for expected credit losses ..............................
141
93
(31)
Recycling of net loss/(gain) on sale ................................
540
(1,474)
(102)
1,349
6,901
(3,006)
Foreign currency translation:
Net exchange difference on translation of foreign 
operations ......................................................................
883
2,924
130
Total other comprehensive income for the year...........
1,065
14,978
(8,898)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year...........
(68,444)
43,803
33,311
Attributable to:...............................................................
Shareholders of the Bank................................................
(68,654)
43,518
33,228
Non-controlling interests................................................
210
285
83
(68,444)
43,803
33,311

--- Page 112 ---
99
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Data
The table below summarises the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows data for the nine-month periods 
ended 30 September in each of 2021 and 2020.
For the nine-month period 
ended 30 September
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Operating profit before changes in operating assets and liabilities ..............
27,165
(3,097)
Net cash flows from operating activities ....................................................
239,329
94,901
Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities ......................................
(186,190)
(50,370)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities......................................
(6,596)
(17,958)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January......................................................
830,867
786,071
Cash and cash equivalents at 30 September................................................
875,125
814,699
The table below summarises the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows data for each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018.
For the year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Operating profit before changes in operating assets and 
liabilities........................................................................
77,516
106,593
102,670
Net cash flows from operating activities .........................
160,787
167,010
355,236
Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities ...........
(100,640)
11,015
(116,436)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities...........
(17,958)
(29,207)
70,607
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January...........................
786,071
630,668
320,435
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December .....................
830,867
786,071
630,668
Selected Consolidated Ratios and APMs
The following table contains information relating to Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) as defined 
in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. APMs are presented in this Base Prospectus 
because the Group considers them an important supplemental measure of the Group’s operating performance 
and financial position and the Group believes they may be used by securities analysts, investors and other 
interested parties in the evaluation of banks in the banking industry. See further “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and other Information—Certain non-IFRS financial information”.
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios for the Group as at 30 September in each of 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 113 ---
100
As at 30 September
2021
2020
(per cent.)
Asset quality
Non-performing loans ratio(1) ....................................................................
2.6
5.4
Loan loss coverage ratio(2).........................................................................
258.0
126.0
Liquidity coverage ratio(3)..........................................................................
326.0
190.0
Loans to deposits ratio(4)............................................................................
72.0
81.0
Other ratios
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(5)..........................................
13.4
15.2
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(5)...................................................................
15.9
17.6
Total capital adequacy ratio(5) ....................................................................
17.2
18.7
Leverage ratio(6)........................................................................................
9.7
11.6
Notes:
(1)
Calculated as NPLs divided by total gross loans, and expressed as a percentage. NPLs and total gross loans amounted 
to KD 90 million and KD 3,463 million, respectively, as at 30 September 2021 and KD 191 million and KD 3,554 
million, respectively, as at 30 September 2020.
(2)
Calculated as loan loss provisions divided by NPLs, and expressed as a percentage. Loan loss provisions amounted 
to KD 288 million as at 30 September 2021 and KD 268 million as at 30 September 2020.
(3)
Financial measure calculated as stipulated in CBK Circular number 2/BS/345/2014 dated 23 December 2014.
(4)
Calculated as loans and advances divided by the sum of (i) due to banks and other financial institutions and (ii) 
customers’ deposits, and expressed as a percentage.
(5)
Financial measure calculated in accordance with Basel III regulations issued by the CBK via circular 2/RB, 
RBA/336/2014 dated 24 June 2014.
(6)
Financial measure calculated in accordance with CBK Circular number 2/BS/342/2014 dated 21 October 2014.
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios for the Group as at, and for the years ended, 31 December 
in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
As at/year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(per cent.)
Performance measures
Return on average assets(1)..............................................
(1.6)
0.5
1.0
Return on average equity(2).............................................
(13.9)
3.7
7.3
Cost to income ratio(3) ....................................................
48.1
38.9
38.6
Financial ratios

--- Page 114 ---
101
As at/year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(per cent.)
Net interest margin(4)......................................................
2.3
2.9
2.9
Net (loss)/profit margin(5) ...............................................
(49.3)
16.6
25.0
Asset quality
Non-performing loans ratio(6) .........................................
1.6
1.5
1.8
Loan loss coverage ratio(7)..............................................
339.0
365.0
392.0
Liquidity coverage ratio(8)...............................................
272.0
315.0
345.0
Loans to deposits ratio(9).................................................
77.1
80.8
80.4
Other ratios
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(10) .............
13.6
15.1
15.4
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(10).......................................
16.1
17.5
17.9
Total capital adequacy ratio(10)........................................
17.3
18.7
19.2
Leverage ratio(11)............................................................
10.7
11.8
12.1
Notes:
(1)
Calculated as profit/loss for the year attributable to shareholders of the Bank net of dividend paid on perpetual tier 
1 capital notes divided by average total assets for the year, with average total assets calculated as the sum of the 
opening and closing assets divided by two, and expressed as a percentage.
(2)
Calculated as profit/loss for the year attributable to shareholders of the Bank net of dividend paid on perpetual tier 
1 capital notes divided by average equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the year, with average equity 
attributable to shareholders of the Bank calculated as the sum of the opening and closing equity divided by two, and 
expressed as a percentage.
(3)
Calculated as operating expenses for the year divided by operating income for the year, and expressed as a 
percentage.
(4)
Calculated as interest income for the year minus interest expense for the year divided by average interest-bearing 
assets for the year, with the average in each case being determined on the basis of the sum of opening and closing 
balances divided by two, and expressed as a percentage. Interest earning assets comprise cash and balances with 
banks, Central Bank of Kuwait bonds, Kuwait Government treasury bonds, loans and advances and interest-earning 
investment securities. For these purposes, balances with banks comprises “Deposits with Central Bank of Kuwait 
and other banks with an original maturity of seven days or less” as set out in Note 9 to each of the Financial 
Statements. Interest-earning investment securities comprises “Sukuks” as set out in Note 12 to the 2020 Financial 
Statements and Note 10 to the 2019 Financial Statements.
(5)
Calculated as profit/loss for the year attributable to shareholders of the Bank divided by operating income for the 
year, and expressed as a percentage.
(6)
Calculated as NPLs divided by total gross loans, and expressed as a percentage. In these notes, NPLs comprises 
“Loans and advances individually determined to be impaired” as set out in Note 11 to the 2020 Financial Statements 
and Note 10 to the 2019 Financial Statements and gross loans comprises “Loans and advances” as set out in the 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position plus the figures under “General Provision” and “Specific Provision”
in Note 11 to the 2020 Financial Statements and Note 10 to the 2019 Financial Statements.

--- Page 115 ---
102
(7)
Calculated as loan loss provisions divided by NPLs, and expressed as a percentage. For this purpose, loan loss 
provisions comprises the total “provision for impairment” stated in Note 10 to each of the Financial Statements.
(8)
Financial measure calculated as stipulated in CBK Circular number 2/BS/345/2014 dated 23 December 2014.
(9)
Calculated as loans and advances divided by the sum of (i) due to banks and other financial institutions and (ii) 
customers’ deposits and notes, and expressed as a percentage.
(10) Financial measure calculated in accordance with Basel III regulations issued by the CBK via circular 2/RB, 
RBA/336/2014 dated 24 June 2014.
(11) Financial measure calculated in accordance with CBK Circular number 2/BS/342/2014 dated 21 October 2014.

--- Page 116 ---
103
FINANCIAL REVIEW
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
“Presentation of Certain Financial and other Information”, “Selected Financial Information”, the Financial 
Statements and the Interim Financial Information.
The discussion of the Group’s financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Financial 
Statements (which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by Kuwait for financial services 
institutions regulated by the CBK) and the Interim Financial Information (which has been prepared in 
accordance with IAS 34, except as noted in note 2(a) to the Interim Financial Information).
This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Group’s actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, particularly under the headings 
“Forward-looking Statements” and “Risk Factors”.
See “Presentation of Certain Financial and other Information” for a discussion of the source of the numbers 
presented in this section and certain other relevant information.
Overview
The Group provides a wide range of corporate, retail and treasury services to customers in Kuwait through its 
network of 29 branches in that country. The Bank also has three branches in the UAE, a wholly-owned 
investment banking subsidiary in Kuwait and a subsidiary bank in Egypt. As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s 
total assets were KD 5,227.3 million and its equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank was 
KD 511.7 million.
The Group’s core businesses are corporate and retail banking, which generate net interest income as well as net 
fee and commission income. The Group also undertakes treasury and investment activities (which generate 
interest income, dividend income and investment gains or losses) and provides corporate advisory and asset 
management services through its investment banking subsidiary, Ahli Capital Investment Company K.S.C.C. 
(“Ahli Capital”). These latter activities generate fee and commission income. The Group’s services are 
provided through branch networks in Kuwait, Egypt and the UAE, a network of ATMs and POS terminals, 
telebanking, internet banking and mobile banking.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s loans and advances (which represent its customer loan portfolio) were 
KD 3,205.7 million and its customers’ deposits were KD 3,776.2 million. In 2020, the Group’s net loss for the 
year was KD 69.5 million compared to net profit for the year of KD 28.8 million in 2019 and KD 42.2 million
in 2018. In the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the Group’s net profit for the period was 
KD 21.2 million.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s total and tier 1 capital adequacy ratios, calculated in accordance with 
Basel III methodology adopted by the CBK, were 17.15 per cent. and 15.94 per cent., respectively, and its 
financial leverage ratio, calculated in accordance with CBK requirements, was 9.65 per cent.
Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected the Group’s results of operations in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018 or are expected to affect its results of operations in future periods.

--- Page 117 ---
104
Impact of COVID-19
The geographic expanse and operational nature of the Group’s business has meant that the COVID-19 pandemic 
has had a significant impact. The Group recorded a net loss of KD 69.5 million in 2020 compared to a profit of 
KD 28.8 in 2019, with the loss in 2020 principally reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 
COVID-19 pandemic has affected the Group at all levels, particularly when considering the unpredictability of 
the spread of the virus as well as government and global responses. The highly integrated nature of the world 
economy further exacerbated the speed and degree of spread of COVID-19 and the negative impact on business 
globally. While governments around the world have taken restrictive measures in an effort to control the 
outbreak, these measures negatively impacted economic activity and business sentiment. From business 
shutdowns to curfews and border closures, these measures, along with the change in business sentiment, created 
a severe shock to world economies with global GDP expected to have contracted by 3.5 per cent. during 2020 
(according to data published by the World Bank in June 2021). The impact of the pandemic in the GCC region 
was even more severe due to the resultant large drop in oil prices and its impact on economic activity and budget 
deficits. Most GCC countries saw their fiscal positions weakened with large budget deficits recorded for 2020 
(according to data published by the World Bank).
The Group’s business was impacted in most of its locations leading to more challenging operating environments 
across the Group’s network. In Kuwait, the domestic economy in 2020 was similarly pressured due to long 
periods of curfews which negatively impacted the Group’s operations. The CSB estimates GDP in Kuwait to 
have contracted by around 8.9 per cent. in 2020 due to the restrictive measures implemented in Kuwait. As a 
result, the Group downgraded certain exposures which increased its provision/impairment losses by 
KD 64.8 million, or 90.5 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019. The first COVID-19 case was confirmed in 
Kuwait on 24 February 2020, followed by a sequence of government decisions that started with business 
closures on 9 March 2020 and escalated to a complete lockdown during the month of May in 2020. Kuwait 
began a gradual opening of the economy in the beginning of June 2020 and by the end of 2020 Kuwait was in 
phase four of the five-phased plan to return to normal activity.
The CBK initiated macro-prudential measures and reduced certain regulatory requirements in an effort to 
increase the banking sector’s resilience and enable it to play a more active role throughout the crisis. These 
measures included lowering the banking sector’s capital and liquidity requirements and reducing the discount 
rate to historically low levels which ultimately reached 1.5 per cent. The Group also took proactive measures 
and activated emergency plans during the early stages of the crisis in order to protect its employees and ensure 
business continuity, including strict health and precautionary controls to ensure a safe environment for its staff 
and customers. Concurrently, the Group sought to leverage the flexibility of its business model, providing 
support and advice to customers facing financial difficulties and relying heavily on the Group’s digital 
capabilities to maintain the level of service quality and accessibility that customers would expect in normal 
times. In this context, and without jeopardising the Group’s future business plans, the Group initiated cost-
cutting initiatives to reduce the impact of the pandemic on profitability. In coordination with the CBK and the 
Kuwait Banking Association, the Group participated in initiatives aimed at lifting the pressures customers were 
facing. For example, the Group extended support to customers by suspending fees on POS terminals, ATMs 
and digital channels for three months in 2020 and increased the limit for contactless payments. In addition, the 
Group provided support to individuals by deferring consumer loans, instalment loans and credit card instalments 
for a period of six months in 2020 for all customers. The Group also provided support financing to individuals, 
SMEs, and economic entities impacted by the COVID-19 crisis.
The curfew restrictions and slower economic activity, especially during the second quarter of 2020, had a 
significant adverse impact on the Group. The decrease in interest rates resulted in a reduction in the Group’s 
interest margins while lower transaction volumes resulted in lower fees and commission income. Additionally, 
the impact of non-oil GDP contraction, lower oil prices and lockdown measures increased the level of

--- Page 118 ---
105
uncertainty around cash flows for certain of the Group’s customers, which led to a significant increase in 
provision charges.
The Group along with other Kuwaiti banks implemented the consumer and other instalment loans deferral 
scheme by postponing the instalments falling due within the six months period from 1 April 2020 to 
30 September 2020 with a corresponding extension of the facility tenure at no cost to the borrowers. The 
instalment deferral resulted in a loss of KD 13.6 million across the consumer and other instalment loan portfolio 
arising from the modification of contractual cash-flows as the Group continued to fund the respective amounts 
for the periods concerned. The loss attributable to Bank’s equity shareholders was charged to retained earnings.
In 2020, as approved by the Kuwaiti parliament and in accordance with a Central Bank of Kuwait circular, the 
Group postponed instalments under consumer and instalment loans to eligible customers for a six-month period 
from the customer request date with a corresponding extension of the facility tenure and cancellation of interest 
and profits that would have been due in the deferred period. This instalment deferral resulted in a loss to the 
Group arising from the modification of contractual cash-flows, provisionally estimated at KD 13.6 million in 
accordance with IFRS 9. This loss was offset by an equivalent amount receivable from the government as a 
government grant, which is included in other assets in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial 
position. In 2021, as approved by the Kuwaiti parliament and in accordance with a Central Bank of Kuwait 
circular, the Group postponed instalments under consumer and instalment loans to eligible Kuwaiti national 
customers for a six-month period from the customer request date with a corresponding extension of the facility 
tenure and cancellation of interest and profits that would have been due in the deferred period. This instalment 
deferral resulted in a loss to the Group arising from the modification of contractual cash-flows, provisionally 
estimated at KD 9.3 million in accordance with IFRS 9. This loss, which is included in other assets in the interim 
condensed consolidated statement of financial position, will be reimbursed by government.
As at 31 October 2021, the COVID-19 crisis, with approximately 247 million cases recorded and approximately 
5 million deaths reported globally, is ongoing (according to data published by the World Health Organization). 
The ultimate scale and economic impact of the crisis remain unknown and due to the nature of governmental 
restrictions and responses as described above, the future impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s operations cannot 
be ascertained.
Economic conditions
The Group is a regional bank focused on lending to, and accepting deposits from, institutions, companies and 
residents in Kuwait and the wider MENA region, including Egypt. As a result, its revenues and results of 
operations are affected by economic and market conditions in Kuwait and, to a lesser extent, in certain other 
MENA region countries, including Egypt.
According to statistical information prepared by the CSB, Kuwait’s nominal GDP grew by 14.0 per cent. in 
2018, fell by 0.9 per cent. in 2019 and fell by 21.5 per cent. in 2020. In real terms, Kuwait’s GDP grew by 
2.4 per cent. in 2018, fell by 0.6 per cent. in 2019 and fell by 8.9 per cent. in 2020. According to the IMF, 
Kuwait had the thirty second highest GDP (at purchasing power parity) per capita in 2020, at U.S.$39,459.
Based on CSB information, the oil sector (excluding refining) accounted for 47.6 per cent. of Kuwait’s nominal 
GDP in 2018, 45.7 per cent. in 2019 and 34.5 per cent. in 2020. According to provisional data from the CSB, 
in 2020, the other major economic sectors in Kuwait were public administration and defence (at 15.3 per cent.
Of nominal GDP), financial intermediation (at 12.7 per cent.), other services, which includes real estate and 
business services, sanitary services and recreation (at 12.0 per cent.), manufacturing (at 6.6 per cent.), 
communications (at 4.5 per cent.) and transport and storage (at 3.7 per cent.).
In addition to economic conditions in the region, the Group remains exposed to the risk of external changes, 
such as an increase in global financial market volatility, which could pose funding, market and credit risks for

--- Page 119 ---
106
investment companies and banks. For a discussion of economic conditions in 2020, see “—Impact of COVID-
19 pandemic” above.
Factors affecting net interest income
The Group’s net interest income is the major contributor to its operating income, comprising 73.1 per cent. of 
its operating income in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, 74.5 per cent. of its operating income in 
2020, 74.0 per cent. of its operating income in 2019 and 72.1 per cent. in 2018. Within the Group’s net interest 
income:

interest earned on loans and advances is the major contributor to total interest income, comprising 
76.2 per cent. of total interest income in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, 80.3 per cent. of 
total interest income in 2020, 81.6 per cent. of total interest income in 2019 and 82.9 per cent. in 2018, 
with interest income from debt investment securities comprising 21.4 per cent. of total interest income 
in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, 16.3 per cent. of total interest income in 2020, 13.4 per 
cent. of total interest income in 2019 and 12.1 per cent. in 2018; and

interest paid on customer deposits is the major contributor to total interest expense, comprising 85.8 per 
cent. of total interest expense in the nine months ended 30 September 2021, 84.2 per cent. of total interest 
expense in 2020, 84.9 per cent. of total interest expense in 2019 and 79.5 per cent. in 2018, with the 
balance in each year being made up by interest on short-term interbank funding and interest on medium 
term notes issued.
The Group’s net interest income is affected by a number of factors. It is primarily determined by the volume of 
interest-earning assets relative to interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the differential between rates earned on 
interest-earning assets and paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The Group’s interest-earning assets principally 
consist of its customer loan portfolio and, to a lesser extent, the debt investment securities held by it and short-
term balances with banks. The Group’s interest-bearing liabilities principally comprise its interest-bearing 
customer deposits and, to a lesser extent, short-term interbank funding and medium term notes issued by it.
The Group’s net interest income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was KD 85.1 million, or 
11.2 per cent. higher than its net interest income in the equivalent period of 2020. This principally reflected 
focused efforts made to reduce the Group’s cost of liabilities which result in a decline in its interest expense. 
Additionally, a reduction in the Group’s interest in suspense charge and its focus on growing its fixed income 
book resulted in an increase in revenue a risky credit environment.
The Group’s average loans and advances (based on balances as at the start and end of each period) was 
KD 3,161 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to KD 3,260 million for the 
comparable period in 2020, a decrease of KD 99 million, or 3 per cent.
The Group’s average customers’ deposits (based on balances as at the start and end of each period) was 
KD 3,631 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to KD 3,324 million for the 
comparable period in 2020, an increase of KD 307 million, or 9.2 per cent.
The Group’s net interest income for 2020 was KD 22.2 million, or 17.4 per cent. lower than its net interest 
income in 2019. This principally reflected lower interest income from loans and advances, which fell by 
KD 37.6 million, or 18.6 per cent. and was offset to an extent by lower interest expense on customers’ deposits, 
which fell by KD 18.3 million, or 17.9 per cent.
The Group’s lower interest income from loans and advances in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected 
the lower interest rates charged by the Bank to its borrowers, following reductions in the CBK discount rate in 
October 2019 and in March 2020, as discussed below. Similarly, its lower interest expense in 2020 compared 
to 2019 principally reflected the lower interest rates paid by the Bank to its depositors. The Group’s average

--- Page 120 ---
107
loans and advances (based on balances as at the start and end of each year) was KD 3,166 million for 2020 
compared to KD 3,121 million for 2019, an increase of KD 46 million, or 1.5 per cent.
The Group’s average customers’ deposits (based on balances as at the start and end of each year) was 
KD 3,403 million for 2020 compared to KD 3,217 million for 2019, an increase of KD 186 million, or 5.8 per 
cent.
The Group’s net interest income for 2019 was KD 5.8 million, or 4.8 per cent. higher than its net interest income 
in 2018. The increase in the Group’s net interest income for 2019 compared to 2018 was principally driven by 
increased interest income from loans and advances, which increased by KD 19.0 million, or 10.3 per cent., and 
increased interest income from debt securities, which increased by KD 6.5 million, or 24.4 per cent. This was 
offset to an extent by higher interest expense on customers’ deposits, which increased by KD 23.2 million, or 
29.4 per cent.
The increase in the Group’s interest income from loans and advances principally reflected an increase in the 
CBK discount rate in March 2018, which had a full year impact in 2019, and a small increase in volumes as 
discussed below.  The increase in the Group’s interest income from debt securities principally reflected an 
increase in investment activities.  The increase in the Group’s interest expense on customers’ deposits 
principally reflected the Central Bank of Kuwait’s deposit rate intervention policies and liquidity pressures in 
the market which resulted in the Group’s cost of funds for Kuwait increasing from 1.86 per cent. in 2018 to 
2.28 per cent. in 2019.
The Group’s average customer loan portfolio (based on balances as at the start and end of each year) was 
KD 3,121 million for 2019 compared to KD 3,051 million for 2018, an increase of KD 70 million, or 2.3 per 
cent. The Group’s average customer deposit portfolio (based on balances as at the start and end of each year) 
was KD 3,217 million for 2019 compared to KD 3,027 million for 2018, an increase of KD 190 million, or 
6.3 per cent.
The CBK’s discount rate was 2.75 per cent. on 1 January 2018 and increased to 3.00 per cent. in March 2018. 
The CBK’s discount rate then fell to 2.75 per cent. on 30 October 2019, to 2.50 per cent. on 4 March 2020 and 
to 1.50 per cent. on 16 March 2020, which remains its current level. The reductions in the CBK discount rate 
in 2020 were principally driven by the impact of COVID-19 on economic activity in Kuwait. The CBK’s 
discount rate directly impacts the interest rates chargeable by the Group on its Kuwaiti dinar-denominated 
customer loans, as these rates are capped at prescribed percentages above the CBK discount rate. See “Banking 
Industry and Regulation in Kuwait—Certain Banking Regulations—Interest rate cap regulations”.
Principally reflecting the factors described above, the Group’s net interest margin (being its net interest income 
divided by its average interest-earning assets for the year, with average interest-earning assets calculated as the 
sum of the opening and closing balances of interest-earning assets divided by two) was 2.5 per cent. in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021, 2.2 per cent. in the nine months ended 30 September 2020, 2.3 per cent. in 
2020, 2.9 per cent. in 2019 and 2.9 per cent. in 2018.
Provisions and impairment losses
The Group’s provisions and impairment losses for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 were 
KD 34.9 million compared to KD 56.3 million for the comparable period in 2020. The table below shows the 
breakdown of the Group’s provisions and impairment losses charged to its income statement in the nine-month 
periods ended 30 September in each of 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 121 ---
108
Nine months ended 30 
September
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Provision charge for credit losses on loans and advances............................
35,322
50,187
Provision charge/(release) for credit losses on non-cash credit facilities......
(962)
6,089
Expected credit losses/(release) on other financial assets............................
491
10
Provisions and impairment losses...........................................................
34,851
56,286
The decrease of KD 21.4 million, or 38.1 per cent., in the Group’s provisions and impairment losses in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021 compared to the equivalent period in 2020 principally reflected recoveries 
made in the Corporate Banking division.
The Group’s provisions and impairment losses for 2020 were KD 136.5 million compared to KD 71.6 million 
for 2019 and KD 56.2 million for 2018. The table below shows the breakdown of the Group’s provisions and 
impairment losses charged to its income statement in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Provision charge for credit losses on loans and advances.
119,920
71,164
54,833
Provision charge/(release) for credit losses on non-cash 
credit facilities ...............................................................
16,541
(30)
1,428
Expected credit losses/(release) on other financial assets.
22
507
(82)
Provisions and impairment losses................................
136,483
71,641
56,179
The increase of KD 64.8 million, or 90.5 per cent., in the Group’s provisions and impairment losses in 2020 
compared to 2019 reflected significant increases in the provision charge for credit losses on both its cash and 
non-cash credit facilities. These increases reflected prudent and proactive measures to mitigate potential credit 
losses in light of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as reduced counterparty credit quality and increased 
delinquency.
The increase of KD 15.5 million, or 27.5 per cent., in the Group’s provisions and impairment losses in 2019 
compared to 2018 principally reflected a significant increase in the provision charge for credit losses on loans 
and advances. This increase was the result of the Group’s conservative policy on provisioning applied to legacy 
secured non-performing loans to ensure that the Group’s NPL ratio remains within the target level of 2 per cent.
In both 2020 and 2019, the expected credit loss on credit facilities determined under IFRS 9 according to CBK 
guidelines was significantly lower (at KD 116 million and KD 136 million, respectively) than the provision for 
credit losses determined under CBK Instructions (which was KD 257 million and KD 213 million, respectively).
Significant Accounting Policies
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by Kuwait for financial 
services institutions regulated by the CBK. For a summary discussion of the significant accounting policies

--- Page 122 ---
109
applied by the Group generally, see note 2 to the 2020 Financial Statements. The Interim Financial Information 
has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, except as noted in note 2(a) to the Interim Financial Information.
Critical Accounting Judgments and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
In preparing the Group’s financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including disclosure 
of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of its 
revenue and expenses during the years presented. Management bases its estimates and assumptions on historical 
experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and assumptions are made 
and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. However, future events and their effects 
cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of appropriate estimates and assumptions requires the 
use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from any estimates or assumptions made and such differences 
may be material to the financial statements.
For a discussion of the most significant accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements, see note 2.29 to the 2020 Financial Statements, which 
identifies:

the measurement of impairment losses across all categories of financial assets, in particular management 
estimates of the amount and timing of future cash flows and collateral values when determining 
impairment losses and the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk on loans and receivables;

assumptions made when determining fair values using valuation techniques, including the discounted 
cash flow model.;

the classification of financial assets; and

the determination as to whether intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are impaired,
as the principal estimates and judgments impacting the Financial Statements and the Interim Financial 
Information.
Results of Operations in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and the nine months ended 
30 September 2020
Net interest income
Interest income is the Group’s principal source of income. The Group earns interest income on the customer 
loans and advances made by it, on its portfolio of debt investment securities and on its deposits with central 
banks and other banks. The Group incurs interest expense on its customer, bank and other financial institution 
deposits and on medium term notes issued by it under the Programme. Interest income and expense is 
recognised in the income statement using the effective interest method, as explained in note 2.21 to the 2020 
Financial Statements. The Group’s net interest income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 amounted 
to KD 85.1 million compared to KD 76.5 million for the comparable period of 2020. The Group’s net interest 
income increased by KD 8.6 million, or 11.2 per cent., in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared 
to the equivalent period in 2020, reflecting the changes in interest income and interest expense discussed below.
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group’s net interest income in the nine-month periods ending 30 
September in each of 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 123 ---
110
Nine months ended 
30 September
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Loans and advances...................................................................................
112,847
123,931
Debt securities ..........................................................................................
31,712
24,853
Balances with banks..................................................................................
3,526
4,754
Total interest income.................................................................................
148,085
153,538
Customers’ deposits ..................................................................................
54,052
65,494
Due to banks and other financial institutions..............................................
4,764
7,281
Medium term notes ...................................................................................
4,172
4,243
Total interest expense..............................................................................
62,988
77,018
Net interest expense.................................................................................
85,097
76,520
Interest income
The Group’s total interest income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 amounted to KD 148.1 million
compared to KD 153.5 million for the equivalent period of 2020.
The decrease in the Group’s total interest income of KD 5.4 million, or 3.6 per cent., in the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 compared to the equivalent period in 2020 principally reflected a KD 11.1 million, or 
8.9 per cent., decrease in interest income on loans and advances.
See generally “Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Factors affecting net interest income” for a 
discussion of the reasons for these changes in interest income.
Interest expense
The Group’s total interest expense for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 amounted to KD 63.0 million
compared to KD 77.0 million for the equivalent period in 2020.
The decrease of KD 14.0 million, or 18.2 per cent., in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to 
the equivalent period in 2020 principally reflected a KD
11.4 million, or 17.5 per cent., decrease in interest 
expense on customers’ deposits coupled with a KD 2.5 million, or 34.6 per cent., decrease in interest paid on 
due to banks and other financial institutions in the 2021 period compared to the 2020 period.
See “Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Factors affecting net interest income” for a discussion 
of the reasons for these changes in interest expense.
Net fees and commission income
The Group earns fees and commissions on customer loans advanced by it, on other credit facilities (such as 
commitments to lend made by it and letters of credit and guarantees issued by it), and on other bank services 
(principally trade finance and card services) as well as asset management, account servicing and syndication 
fees. The Group pays fees and commissions principally in respect of cards.
The Group’s net fees and commission income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 amounted to 
KD 21.9 million compared to KD 18.8 million for the equivalent period in 2020.

--- Page 124 ---
111
The increase of KD 3.0 million, or 16.2 per cent., in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to 
the equivalent period in 2020 principally reflected an increase in card fees income by KD 1.5 million.
Other sources of operating income
The Group’s other sources of operating income in the periods under review comprised the net foreign exchange 
gain recorded on customer transactions, dividend income received from the equity securities in its investment 
securities portfolio, its share of results from its associate, Credit One Kuwait Holding Company K.S.C., in 
which it has a 40.0 per cent. shareholding, the net gain recorded on its investment securities and other operating 
income.
The Group’s other sources of operating income amounted to KD
2.1 million for the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 compared to KD 0.6 million for the equivalent period of 2020.
The increase of KD 1.5 million, or 250.1 per cent., in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to 
the equivalent period in 2020 principally reflected higher rental income on assets acquired in settlement of debt 
by KD 1.3 million.
Operating income
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s operating income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was 
KD
116.4 million compared to KD
103.3 million for the equivalent period in 2020, an increase of 
KD
13.1 million, or 12.7 per cent., in the nine months ended 30 September 2021compared to the equivalent 
period in 2020.
Operating expenses
The Group’s operating expenses in the periods under review comprised staff expenses, depreciation and 
amortisation and other operating expenses. The Group’s total operating expenses amounted to KD 54.4 million
for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to KD 50.1 million for the equivalent period of 2020.
The increase of KD
4.3 million, or 8.6 per cent., principally reflected a KD
4.0 million, or 15.5 per cent., 
increase in staff expenses driven by the annual incremental pay increase and new recruitment.
Operating profit for the period before provisions and impairment
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s operating profit for the period before provisions and impairment for 
nine months ended 30 September 2021 was KD 62.0 million compared to KD 53.2 million for the equivalent 
period in 2020, an increase of KD 8.8 million, or 16.6 per cent., in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
compared to the equivalent period in 2020.
Provisions and impairment losses
At each reporting date and in accordance with both (i) CBK regulations relating to the classification of credit 
facilities (as defined below) and the calculation of their provisions (CBK Instructions) and (ii) estimates made 
in accordance with IFRS 9 as adopted for use by Kuwait for financial institutions regulated by the CBK, the 
Group assesses its loans and advances, non-cash credit facilities in the form of bank guarantees, letters of 
guarantee, bank acceptances, revocable and irrevocable undrawn commitments (together credit facilities) for 
objective evidence of impairment. The Group’s impairment of credit facilities is required to be recognised at 
the higher of ECL under IFRS 9 according to the CBK guidelines and the impairment assessed in accordance 
with the CBK Instructions.

--- Page 125 ---
112
In addition, the Group assesses its investment in debt securities measured at amortised cost or FVOCI and other 
financial assets measured at amortised cost for objective evidence of impairment in accordance with IFRS 9 as 
adopted for use by Kuwait for financial institutions regulated by the CBK.
The Group’s provisions and impairment losses for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 amounted to 
KD 34.9 million compared to KD 56.3 million in the equivalent period of 2020.
See “Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Provisions and impairment losses” for a discussion of 
the factors underlying the changes in the Group’s provisions and impairment losses in each period.
Profit for the period before taxation and Directors’ fees
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s profit for the period before taxation and Directors’ fees in the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021 was KD 27.2 million compared to a KD 3.1 million loss for the period in 
the nine months ended 30 September 2020.
Taxation and Directors’ fees
The Group’s taxation charge comprises the tax paid by its overseas branches and subsidiary, national labour 
support tax charged in Kuwait, its contribution to the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences and 
its Zakat charge. Together, these amounted to KD 6.0 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
compared to KD 4.7 million for the equivalent period in 2020. The increase in the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 compared to the equivalent period in 2020 reflected increased tax in overseas locations, 
primarily Egypt which increased by by KD 1.0 million.
The Group did not pay any directors’ fees in either of the nine-month periods under review.
Net profit or loss for the period
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s net profit for the period in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
was KD 21.2 million compared to a net loss for the period of KD 7.8 million in the nine months ended 
30 September 2020.
Other comprehensive loss or income
The Group’s other comprehensive loss or income principally comprises changes in the fair value of its 
investment securities, the recycling of net losses and gains on sale of, and impairment losses on, its debt 
instruments at FVOCI and its net exchange difference on translation of foreign operations and amounts arising 
on (i) the re-measurement of defined benefit pension obligations and (ii) the revaluation of freehold land.
In the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the Group recorded comprehensive income of KD 0.7 million
on equity instruments at FVOCI, a comprehensive loss of KD 1.3 million on debt instruments at FVOCI and a 
KD 1.1 million negative net exchange difference on translation of foreign operations, giving it a total other 
comprehensive loss for the period of KD 1.7 million.
In the nine months ended 30 September 2020, the Group recorded a comprehensive loss of KD 0.9 million on 
equity instruments at FVOCI, comprehensive income of KD 0.3 million on debt instruments at FVOCI and a 
KD 0.3 million positive net exchange difference on translation of foreign operations, giving it total other 
comprehensive income for the period of KD 0.3 million.

--- Page 126 ---
113
Total comprehensive income or loss for the period
Reflecting the above factors and the Group’s profit or loss for the period, the Group’s total comprehensive 
income for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was KD 19.5 million compared to a total comprehensive 
loss of KD 8.1 million for the equivalent period in 2020.
Segmental Analysis
The Group has three reporting segments as follows:

Commercial banking, which comprises a full range of credit facilities, deposit and related banking 
services provided to its corporate and institutional customers;

Retail banking, which comprises a full range of products and services to retail customers, including 
loans, credit cards, deposits and wealth management services; and

Treasury and Investments, which comprises treasury services provided to customers and balance sheet 
management activities, including money market, derivatives, property investment activities and the 
residual impact of inter-segment fund transfer pricing.
The table below shows certain income statement and statement of financial position line items of the Group’s 
reporting segments as at, and for the nine-month periods ended, 30 September in each of 2021 and 2020.
Commercial
banking
Retail 
banking
Treasury and 
Investments
Total
(KD ‘000s)
Nine months ended 30 September 2021
Operating income......................................
54,693
40,328
21,411
116,432
Segment result ..........................................
20,699
14,650
13,781
49,130
Unallocated expenses................................
(21,965)
Profit for the period before taxation and 
directors’ fees..........................................
27,165
Segment assets(1).......................................
2,662,472
765,298
1,682,590
5,227,301
Segment liabilities(2)..................................
1,443,923
2,092,217
977,036
4,623,449
Nine months ended 30 September 2020
Operating income......................................
52,311
38,660
12,315
103,286
Segment result ..........................................
(4,031)
14,801
4,749
15,519
Unallocated expenses................................
(18,616)
Loss for the period before taxation and 
directors’ fees..........................................
(3,097)
Segment assets(1).......................................
2,722,238
734,428
1,447,308
5,025,719
Segment liabilities(2) ................................
1,334,120
2,045,970
890,327
4,374,350
Note:
(1)
Total column includes unallocated assets of KD 116.9 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and KD 121.7 million 
in the nine months ended 30 September 2020.
(2)
Total column includes unallocated liabilities of KD 110.3 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and KD 103.9 
million in the nine months ended 30 September 2020.

--- Page 127 ---
114
Commercial banking
Commercial banking recorded operating income of KD 54.7 million in the nine months ended 30 September
2021 compared to KD 52.3 million in the equivalent period of 2020, an increase of KD 2.4 million, or 4.6 per 
cent. This increase principally reflected higher syndication fees and rental income on assets acquired in 
settlement of debt and lower interest in suspense charge. Commercial banking’s segment profit was 
KD 20.7 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to a segment loss of KD 4.0 million
in the equivalent period of 2020, principally reflecting higher provision charges in the 2020 period.
Retail banking
Retail banking recorded operating income of KD 40.3 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
compared to KD 38.7 million in the equivalent period of 2020, an increase of KD 1.7 million, or 4.3 per cent.
This increase principally reflected higher point of sale  and credit card income. Retail banking’s segment profit 
was flat at KD 14.7 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to KD 14.8 million in the 
equivalent period in 2020.
Treasury and investments
Treasury and investments recorded operating income of KD 21.4 million in the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 compared to KD 12.3 million in the equivalent period in 2020, an increase of 
KD 9.1 million, or 73.9 per cent. This increase principally reflected efficient management of cost of funds and 
higher investment income. Treasury and investments’ segment profit was KD 13.8 million in the nine months 
ended 30 September 2021 compared to KD 4.7 million in the equivalent period in 2020, an increase of 
KD 9.0 million, or 190.2 per cent. This principally reflected higher operating income offset by lower unrealised 
gain on investment and higher share of results of associate.
Results of Operations in 2020, 2019 and 2018
Net interest income
The Group’s net interest income for 2020 amounted to KD 105.5 million compared to KD 127.6 million for 
2019 and KD 121.8 million for 2018. The Group’s net interest income fell by KD 22.2 million, or 17.4 per 
cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and increased by KD 5.8 million, or 4.8 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018, 
reflecting the changes in interest income and interest expense discussed below.
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group’s net interest income in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Loans and advances........................................................
164,700
202,251
183,299
Debt securities ...............................................................
33,446
33,202
26,698
Balances with banks.......................................................
6,959
12,436
11,070
Total interest income....................................................
205,105
247,889
221,067
Customers’ deposits .......................................................
83,897
102,156
78,934
Due to banks and other financial institutions...................
10,108
12,499
14,797
Medium term notes ........................................................
5,649
5,603
5,554
Total interest expense...................................................
99,654
120,258
99,285

--- Page 128 ---
115
2020
2019
2018
Net interest expense......................................................
105,451
127,631
121,783
Interest income
The Group’s total interest income for 2020 amounted to KD 205.1 million compared to KD 247.9 million for 
2019 and KD 221.1 million for 2018.
The decrease in the Group’s total interest income of KD 42.8 million, or 17.3 per cent., in 2020 compared to 
2019 principally reflected a KD 37.6 million, or 18.6 per cent., decrease in interest income on loans and 
advances.
The Group’s total interest income for 2019 amounted to KD 247.9 million compared to KD 221.1 million for 
2018.
The increase in the Group’s total interest income of KD 26.8 million, or 12.1 per cent., in 2019 compared to 
2018 principally reflected a KD 19.0 million, or 10.3 per cent., increase in interest income on loans and 
advances and a KD 6.5 million, or 24.4 per cent., increase in interest income on debt securities.
See generally “Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Factors affecting net interest income” for a 
discussion of the reasons for these changes in interest income.
Interest expense
The Group’s total interest expense for 2020 amounted to KD 99.7 million compared to KD 121.0 million for 
2019 and KD 99.3 million for 2018.
The decrease of KD 20.6 million, or 17.1 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected a 
KD 18.3 million, or 17.9 per cent., reduction in interest expense on customers’ deposits coupled with a 
KD 2.4 million, or 19.1 per cent., reduction in interest paid on due to banks and other financial institutions in 
2020 compared to 2019.
The increase of KD 21.0 million, or 21.1 per cent., in interest expense in 2019 compared to 2018 principally 
reflected a KD 23.2 million, or 29.4 per cent., increase in interest expense on customer deposits offset by a fall 
of KD 2.3 million, or 15.5 per cent., in interest expense on due to banks and other financial institutions.
See “Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Factors affecting net interest income” for a discussion 
of the reasons for these changes in interest expense.
Net fees and commission income
The Group’s net fees and commission income for 2020 amounted to KD 25.8 million compared to 
KD 32.4 million for 2019 and KD 31.1 million for 2018.
The fall of KD 6.6 million, or 20.4 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected lower fees and 
commissions on trade finance, cards and loans.
The increase of KD 1.2 million, or 4.0 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018 principally reflected significant 
investment gains made in 2018 which was not repeated for any other investment in 2019.

--- Page 129 ---
116
Other sources of operating income
The Group’s other sources of operating income in the three years under review comprised the net foreign 
exchange gain recorded on customer transactions, dividend income received from the equity securities in its 
investment securities portfolio, its share of results from its associate, Credit One Kuwait Holding Company 
K.S.C., in which it has a 40.0 per cent. shareholding, the net gain recorded on its investment securities and other 
operating income.
The Group’s other sources of operating income amounted to KD 10.2 million for 2020 compared to 
KD 12.5 million for 2019 and KD 15.9 million for 2018.
The fall of KD 2.3 million, or 18.2 per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 principally reflected a KD 1.7 million, 
or 79.7 per cent., fall in net gain on investment securities coupled with a KD 0.9 million, or 31.8 per cent., fall 
in share of profit from the Group’s associate as well as smaller falls in dividend income and other operating 
income which were offset by a KD 1.0 million, or 20.4 per cent., increase in net foreign exchange gain which 
was driven by favourable movements in U.S. dollar exchange rates.  The negative changes in the Group’s other 
sources of operating income in 2020 described above principally reflected weaker market conditions as a result 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and lower oil prices.
The fall in the Group’s other sources of operating income of KD 3.4 million, or 21.4 per cent., in 2019 compared 
to 2018 principally reflected a KD 1.8 million, or 46.4 per cent., fall in net gain on investment securities and a 
KD 0.9 million, or 33.5 per cent., fall in dividend income.
Operating income
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s operating income for 2020 was KD 141.5 million compared to 
KD 172.5 million for 2019 and KD 168.8 million for 2018, a fall of KD 31.0 million, or 18.0 per cent., in 2020 
compared to 2019 and an increase of KD 3.7 million, or 2.19 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.
Operating expenses
The Group’s operating expenses in the three years under review comprised staff expenses, depreciation and 
amortisation and other operating expenses. The Group’s total operating expenses amounted to KD 68.0 million
for 2020 compared to KD 67.0 million for 2019 and KD 65.1 million for 2018.
The Group’s operating expenses were relatively flat in 2020, increasing by KD 1.0 million, or 1.5 per cent., 
with a KD 2.9 million, or 12.8 per cent., increase in other operating expenses being substantially offset by a 
KD 1.6 million, or 4.3 per cent., fall in staff expenses and a KD 0.3 million, or 3.9 per cent., fall in depreciation 
and amortisation. The Group’s cost to income ratio increased to 48.1 per cent. in 2020 from 38.9 per cent. in 
2019, principally reflecting a decrease in income due to COVID-19 and a lower interest rate environment.
The increase of KD 1.9 million, or 2.9 per cent., in operating expenses in 2019 compared to 2018, reflected a 
KD 2.3 million, or 46.4 per cent., increase in depreciation and amortisation driven by an increase in 
capitalisation of assets coupled with a KD 1.9 million, or 5.4 per cent., increase in staff expenses reflecting 
incremental annual salary increases and new hires. These increases were offset by a KD 2.3 million, or 9.2 per 
cent., fall in other operating expenses. The Group’s cost to income ratio increased to 38.9 per cent. in 2019 from 
38.6 per cent. in 2018.
Operating profit for the year
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s operating profit for the year for 2020 was KD 73.5 million compared 
to KD 105.5 million for 2019 and KD 103.7 million for 2018, a fall of KD 32.0 million, or 30.4 per cent., in 
2020 compared to 2019 and an increase of KD 1.8 million, or 1.7 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.

--- Page 130 ---
117
Provisions and impairment losses
The Group’s provisions and impairment losses amounted to KD 136.5 million in 2020, KD 71.6 million in 2019 
and KD 56.2 million in 2018.
See “Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations—Provisions and impairment losses” for a discussion of 
the factors underlying the changes in the Group’s provisions and impairment losses in each year.
Loss or profit for the year before taxation and Directors’ fees
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s loss for the year before taxation and Directors’ fees in 2020 was 
KD 63.0 million compared to a profit of KD 33.8 million in 2019 and a profit of KD 47.5 million in 2018. The 
Group’s profit for the year before taxation and Directors’ fees fell by KD 13.7 million, or 28.8 per cent., in 
2019 compared to 2018.
Taxation and Directors’ fees
The Group’s taxation charge comprises the tax paid by its overseas branches and subsidiary, national labour 
support tax charged in Kuwait, its contribution to the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences and 
its Zakat charge. Together, these amounted to KD 6.5 million for 2020 compared to KD 4.6 million for 2019 
and KD 4.7 million for 2018. The increase in 2020 compared to 2019 reflected increased tax in overseas 
locations, primarily due to a change in Egyptian tax law.
The Group did not pay any directors’ fees in 2020.  The Group paid directors’ fees of KD 395 thousand in 2019 
and KD 593 thousand in 2018.
Net loss or profit for the year
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s net loss for the year in 2020 was KD 69.5 million compared to a profit 
of KD 28.8 million in 2019 and a profit of KD 42.2 million in 2018. The Group’s profit for the year fell by 
KD 13.4 million, or 31.7 per cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.
Other comprehensive loss or income
In 2020, the Group recorded a comprehensive loss of KD 1.2 million on equity instruments at FVOCI, a 
comprehensive gain of KD 1.3 million on debt instruments at FVOCI and a KD 0.9 million net exchange 
difference on translation of foreign operations, giving it total other comprehensive income for the year of 
KD 1.1 million.
In 2019, the Group recorded a comprehensive gain of KD 5.0 million on equity instruments at FVOCI, a 
comprehensive gain of KD 6.9 million on debt instruments at FVOCI and a KD 2.9 million net exchange 
difference on translation of foreign operations, giving it total other comprehensive income for the year of 
KD 15.0 million.
In 2018, the Group recorded a comprehensive loss of KD 6.0 million on equity instruments at FVOCI, a 
comprehensive loss of KD 3.0 million on debt instruments at FVOCI and a KD 0.1 million net exchange 
difference on translation of foreign operations, giving it a total other comprehensive loss for the year of 
KD 8.9 million.
Total comprehensive loss or income for the year
Reflecting the above factors and the Group’s loss or profit for the year, the Group’s total comprehensive loss 
for 2020 was KD 68.4 million compared to total comprehensive income of KD 43.5 million for 2019 and 
KD 33.2 million for 2018. The Group’s total comprehensive income increased by KD 10.5 million, or 31.5 per 
cent., in 2019 compared to 2018.

--- Page 131 ---
118
Liquidity and Funding
Overview
The Group’s liquidity needs arise primarily from making loans and advances to customers, the payment of 
expenses and investments in securities. To date, the Group’s liquidity needs have been funded principally 
through deposits, operating cash flow, including interest income received on its customer loan portfolio and its 
portfolio of debt investment securities and the issue of medium term notes under the Programme. See “—
Funding”.
Liquidity
The table below shows the Group’s cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing 
activities for the nine-month periods ended 30 September in each of 2021 and 2020.
2021
2020
(KD ‘000s)
Net cash flows from operating activities ....................................................
239,329
94,901
Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities ......................................
(186,190)
(50,370)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities......................................
(6,596)
(17,958)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January......................................................
830,867
786,071
Cash and cash equivalents at 30 September................................................
875,125
814,699
The table below shows the Group’s cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing 
activities for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Net cash flows from operating activities .........................
160,787
167,010
355,236
Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities ...........
(100,640)
11,015
(116,436)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities...........
(17,958)
(29,207)
70,607
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January...........................
786,071
630,668
320,435
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December .....................
830,867
786,071
630,668
Operating activities
The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was 
KD 239.3 million compared to KD 94.9 million for the equivalent period in 2020. The Group’s net cash flow 
from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities principally reflects its profit for the 
period adjusted to reflect its provisions and impairment losses. The changes in the Group’s operating cash flows 
in each nine month period principally reflect movements in operating assets and liabilities.
The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in 2020 was KD 160.8 million compared to 
KD 167.0 million in 2019 and KD 355.2 million in 2018. The Group’s net cash flow from operating activities 
before changes in operating assets and liabilities principally reflects its profit for the period adjusted to reflect

--- Page 132 ---
119
its provisions and impairment losses. The changes in the Group’s operating cash flows in 2020 and 2019 
principally reflect movements in operating assets and liabilities.
Investing activities
The Group’s net cash flow used in investing activities was KD 186.2 million in the nine months ended 
30 September 2021 compared to KD 50.4 million in the equivalent period of 2020. The increase in the Group’s 
net investing cash flow used in the 2021 period  principally reflected the fact that the Group’s net purchases of 
investment securities amounted to KD 185.3 million in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 compared to 
KD 48.1 million in the equivalent period of 2020.
The Group’s net cash flow used in investing activities was KD 100.6 million in 2020 compared to net cash flow 
from investing activity of KD 11.0 million in 2019 and net cash flow used in investing activity of 
KD 116.4 million in 2018. The reduction in the Group’s net investing cash flow in 2020 principally reflected 
the fact that the Group’s net purchases of investment securities amounted to KD 98.8 million compared to net 
sales of KD 14.5 million in 2019.  In 2018, the Group recorded net purchases of investment securities 
amounting to KD 113.5 million.
Financing activities
The Group’s net cash flow used in financing activities in the nine months ended 30 September 2021 was 
KD 6.6 million compared to KD 18.0 million in the equivalent period of 2020.
In the nine months ended 30 September 2021, the Group paid interest on tier 1 capital securities of 
KD 6.6 million. In the nine months ended 30 September 2020, the Group paid interest on tier 1 capital securities 
of KD 6.7 million as well as a dividend of KD 11.2 million.
The Group’s net cash flow used in financing activities in 2020 was KD 18.0 million compared to 
KD 29.2 million in 2019 and net cash flow from financing activities of KD 70.6 million in 2018.
In 2020, the Group paid a dividend of KD 11.2 million and interest on tier 1 capital securities of KD 6.7 million. 
In 2019, the Group paid a dividend of KD 22.5 million and interest on tier 1 capital securities of KD 6.6 million. 
In 2018, the Group received KD 89.9 million in proceeds from the issue of tier 1 notes and paid a dividend of 
KD 19.2 million.
Funding
The Group’s principal sources of funding are its customer deposits and, to a lesser extent, interbank deposits 
and medium term notes issued by it.
The Group also has access to a pool of unencumbered and liquid securities in the form of treasury bills and 
bonds and CBK bonds, as well as quoted debt and equity securities that it can access to meet liquidity needs, in 
addition to its cash balances and placements with central banks and other financial institutions. As at 
30 September 2021 and as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 the Group’s liquid assets (defined 
as cash and balances with banks, Kuwaiti government treasury bonds and CBK bonds) comprised 22.8 per 
cent., 22.9 per cent., 24.4 per cent. and 23.9 per cent., respectively, of its total assets.
The Group’s customer deposits were KD 3,776.1 million, or 81.7 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 
30 September 2021, KD 3,485.5 million, or 81.8 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 31 December 2020, 
KD 3,319.8 million, or 79.2 per cent., as at 31 December 2019 and KD 3,114.5 million, or 80.4 per cent. of its 
total liabilities, as at 31 December 2018. The Group has a significant concentration of deposits from the Kuwaiti 
government and its related agencies (as is common for banks in Kuwait) which amounted to approximately 15 
to 20 per cent. of the Group’s total funding over the period from 1 January 2018 to 30 September 2021, see 
“Risk Factors—Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its Obligations under or in connection with

--- Page 133 ---
120
Notes issued under the Programme—The Group’s loan portfolio, deposit base, bond portfolios and investment 
securities portfolio are concentrated in Kuwait and the MENA region”.
The Group currently has no outstanding loans and a single series of debt securities in issue. The Group continues 
to diversify its long-term deposit base. In 2017, the Group established a medium term note programme (the 
“Programme”) and issued its first series of securities under the Programme.
The table below shows the Group’s funding in the form of customer deposits, amounts due to banks and other 
financial institutions and medium term notes as at 30 September 2021 and as at 31 December in each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018.
At 30
September
At 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions................................................
551,999
486,974
600,057
501,134
Medium term notes ...................................
150,759
151,461
151,230
150,612
Customer deposits.....................................
3,776,187
3,485,545
3,319,771
3,114,504
Total funding...........................................
4,478,945
4,123,980
4,071,058
3,766,250
The Group’s customer deposits comprise current and demand accounts, savings accounts and time deposits.
The Group’s current and demand accounts are mostly non-interest bearing and amounts may be withdrawn 
from these accounts at any time without notice. The Group’s savings accounts are interest bearing accounts and 
amounts may also be withdrawn from these accounts at any time without notice. See “Risk Factors—Factors 
that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its Obligations under or in connection with Notes issued under the 
Programme—The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations” and “Risk Factors—Factors that 
may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its Obligations under or in connection with Notes issued under the 
Programme—The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be 
available at costs which may adversely affect its business”.
The Group believes that its current, demand and savings accounts are diversified and sticky in nature, and 
constitute a stable and secure source of low cost funding. The Group’s current, demand and savings accounts 
form a significant proportion of its total customer deposits.
The Group accepts time deposits for a range of periods up to three years.
Maturity profile
The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group’s total deposits as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018. This analysis is based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.
Less than one 
month
One month to 
one year
Over one year
Total
(KD ‘000s)
2020
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions................................................
241,699
133,231
117,712
492,642

--- Page 134 ---
121
Less than one 
month
One month to 
one year
Over one year
Total
Medium term notes ...................................
—
—
159,804
159,804
Customer deposits.....................................
1,188,642
1,330,294
1,005,758
3,524,694
Total funding...........................................
1,430,341
1,463,525
1,283,274
4,177,140
2019
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions................................................
302,192
279,689
33,578
615,459
Medium term notes ...................................
—
—
164,650
164,650
Customer deposits.....................................
958,792
1,597,407
820,311
3,376,510
Total funding...........................................
1,260,984
1,877,096
1,018,539
4,156,619
2018
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions................................................
82,691
417,566
11,461
511,718
Medium term notes ...................................
—
—
168,319
168,319
Customer deposits.....................................
1,130,751
1,309,967
725,043
3,165,761
Total funding...........................................
1,213,442
1,727,533
904,823
3,845,798
A significant proportion of the Group’s funding disclosed in the table above as at 31 December 2020 is short 
term in nature, with 33.6 per cent. of such funding being repayable within one month and a further 35.7 per cent. 
being repayable within one year. See “Risk Factors—Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
Obligations under or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme—The Group is subject to the risk 
that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be available at costs which may adversely affect 
its business or results of operations”. The issue of Notes under the Programme is intended to help the Group 
diversify its sources of funding and to extend the average maturity of its funding base.
Given the state-run and oil-driven nature of the domestic economy, the Group’s deposit base is, at least in the 
near future, expected to remain concentrated by depositor type, namely cash-rich Kuwaiti government and 
government-related entities. Significant time deposits from large customers are, with the customers’ agreement, 
divided into smaller deposits with varying maturities, thereby partly mitigating the risks associated with single 
party deposit concentration.
Equity funding
For a discussion of the Group’s share capital and reserves as at 30 September 2021 and as at 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018, see note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements and note 20 to the 2020 Financial Statements.
Lending
Total loan portfolio
The Group’s total loan portfolio (net of provisions) was KD 3,117.1 million as at 31 December 2020. The table 
below shows the breakdown of the Group’s total loan portfolio (net of provisions) as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018.

--- Page 135 ---
122
At 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Corporates and banks.....................................................
2,407,608
2,543,509
2,398,680
Retail.............................................................................
709,487
672,187
627,312
Total loans and advances..............................................
3,117,095
3,215,696
3,025,992
The table below shows the Group’s total gross and net loan portfolio and loan to deposit ratios as at 
30 September 2021 and as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
As at 30
September
At 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Gross loans(1) ............................................
3,459,376
3,338,734
3,410,218
3,262,230
Less impairment........................................
253,705
221,639
194,522
236,238
Net loans(2)................................................
3,205,671
3,117,095
3,215,696
3,025,992
Net loans/customer deposits ......................
84.9%
89.4%
96.9%
97.2%
Net loans/total deposits(3)...........................
71.6%
75.6%
79.0%
80.3%
Notes:
(1)
Gross loans comprises loans and advances disregarding impairment.
(2)
Net loans comprises gross loans less provisions for credit losses for loans and advances
(3)
Total deposits comprise customer deposits, due to banks and other financial institutions and medium term borrowings.
The Group’s customer loan portfolio is principally denominated in Kuwaiti dinar, although loans are also made 
in U.S. dollars, Egyptian pounds and euro, among other currencies. The Group believes that there is only limited 
structural cross-currency exposure as the majority of its assets and liabilities are match-funded in currency 
terms. In addition, the Group hedges a part of its currency exposure through the use of derivative contracts, 
such as forward foreign exchange contracts.
The majority of the loans within the Group’s customer loan portfolio in Kuwait contain terms permitting it to 
adjust the interest rate payable by the customer upon any change in the CBK discount rate or the relevant 
interbank benchmark. The Group believes that there is only limited structural exposure to interest rate 
movements as the majority of its assets and liabilities re-price within one year. However, the Group’s experience 
is that, whilst its assets generally re-price immediately upon a change in the CBK discount rate, there is typically 
a time lag on deposit re-pricing which means that in the past its net interest margin has improved in increasing 
interest rate environments.
The Group may also, from time to time, enter into forward contracts to manage its interest rate exposure.

--- Page 136 ---
123
Distribution of loans by maturity
The table below shows the distribution of the Group’s total loan portfolio by maturity (based on the remaining 
term at the date of the relevant consolidated statement of financial position) as at 31 December in each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018.
Less than 
one month
One month 
to one year
One year to 
five years
Over five 
years
Total
(KD ‘000s)
2020
Loans and advances .........................................
433,034
1,212,807
863,393
607,861
3,117,095
2019
Loans and advances .........................................
426,325
1,294,164
952,947
542,260
3,215,696
2018
Loans and advances .........................................
409,346
1,218,425
881,704
516,517
3,025,992
Gross maximum exposure to credit risk
Note 5.1 to the 2020 Financial Statements and note 4.1 to the 2019 Financial Statements contain an analysis of 
the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk (without taking account of collateral or other credit 
enhancements) by credit quality.
The table below shows the Group’s credit risk exposure by credit quality of financial assets by class, grade and 
status as at 31 December 2020.
Neither past due nor impaired
High grade
Standard 
grade
Acceptable 
grade
Past due 
including 
individually 
impaired
Gross 
maximum 
exposures
(KD ‘000s)
Balances with banks ........................................
861,212
10,765
—
—
871,977
Kuwait government treasury bonds .................
63,500
—
—
—
63,500
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds.........................
138,617
—
—
—
138,617
Loans and advances:
- Corporate and banks......................................
1,830,857
381,790
131,423
63,538
2,407,608
- Retail .............................................................
563,486
97,460
3,007
45,534
709,487
Debt securities (investments FVOCI and AC) .
342,923
16,786
—
—
359,709
Other assets......................................................
30,269
2,660
705
386
34,020
Total................................................................
3,830,864
509,461
135,135
109,458
4,584,918
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s gross maximum exposure to credit risk was KD 4,584.9 million, of which 
its loan portfolio comprised 68.0 per cent. and its debt securities (including Kuwait government treasury bonds 
and CBK bonds) comprised 12.3 per cent. As at 31 December 2020, 83.6 per cent. of the Group’s gross 
maximum exposure to credit risk was considered to be high grade, 11.1 per cent. was considered to be standard 
grade, 2.9 per cent. was considered to be acceptable grade and 2.4 per cent. was past due.

--- Page 137 ---
124
The table below shows the Group’s credit risk exposure by credit quality of financial assets by class, grade and 
status as at 31 December 2019.
Neither past due nor impaired
High grade
Standard 
grade
Acceptable 
grade
Past due 
including 
individually 
impaired
Gross 
maximum 
exposures
(KD ‘000s)
Balances with banks ........................................
840,141
8,690
—
—
848,831
Kuwait government treasury bonds .................
173,235
—
—
—
173,235
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds.........................
136,621
—
—
—
136,621
Loans and advances:
- Corporate and banks......................................
1,900,876
362,522
131,730
148,381
2,543,509
- Retail .............................................................
557,296
74,376
117
40,398
672,187
Debt securities (investments FVOCI and AC) .
229,461
30,995
—
—
260,456
Other assets......................................................
39,861
2,499
691
766
43,817
Total................................................................
3,877,491
479,082
132,538
189,545
4,678,656
As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s gross maximum exposure to credit risk was KD 4,678.7 million, of which 
its loan portfolio comprised 68.7 per cent. and its debt securities (including Kuwait government treasury bonds 
and CBK bonds) comprised 12.2 per cent. As at 31 December 2019, 82.9 per cent. of the Group’s gross 
maximum exposure to credit risk was considered to be high grade, 10.2 per cent. was considered to be standard 
grade, 2.8 per cent. was considered to be acceptable grade and 4.1 per cent. was past due.
The table below shows the Group’s credit risk exposure by credit quality of financial assets by class, grade and 
status as at 31 December 2018.
Neither past due nor impaired
High grade
Standard 
grade
Acceptable 
grade
Past due 
including 
individually 
impaired
Gross 
maximum 
exposures
(KD ‘000s)
Balances with banks ........................................
665,766
10,036
—
—
675,802
Kuwait government treasury bonds .................
257,161
—
—
—
257,161
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds.........................
127,646
—
—
—
127,646
Loans and advances:
- Corporate and banks......................................
1,915,103
281,795
107,232
94,550
2,398,680
- Retail .............................................................
522,206
66,300
109
38,697
627,312
Debt securities (investments FVOCI and AC) .
222,102
30,044
—
—
252,146
Other assets......................................................
28,781
1,662
460
494
31,397
Total................................................................
3,738,765
389,837
107,801
133,741
4,370,144

--- Page 138 ---
125
As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s gross maximum exposure to credit risk was KD 4,370.1 million, of which 
its loan portfolio comprised 69.2 per cent. and its debt securities (including Kuwait government treasury bonds 
and CBK bonds) comprised 14.6 per cent. As at 31 December 2018, 85.6 per cent. of the Group’s gross 
maximum exposure to credit risk was considered to be high grade, 9.1 per cent. was considered to be standard 
grade, 2.5 per cent. was considered to be acceptable grade and 3.1 per cent. was past due.
Distribution of the Group’s gross maximum exposure to credit risk by geography and by sector
The Group does not disclose the geographical or sectoral split of its loan portfolio in the Financial Statements, 
although it does disclose the geographical and sectoral split of its gross maximum exposure to credit risk in the 
Financial Statements.
The table below shows the breakdown by geography and by industry sector of the Group’s maximum exposure 
to credit risk (ignoring credit-related contingent liabilities) as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
At 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Geographic region
Middle East and North Africa (MENA) ..........................
4,384,212
4,415,756
4,093,719
Europe...........................................................................
49,047
87,646
60,452
Asia Pacific....................................................................
7,763
86,259
97,138
Rest of the World ...........................................................
143,896
88,995
119,953
4,584,918
4,678,656
4,370,144
Industry sector
Trading and manufacturing.............................................
599,763
571,850
474,564
Banks and other financial institutions .............................
492,571
768,833
574,800
Construction and real estate............................................
679,269
795,475
795,268
Government and related entities......................................
1,118,124
873,608
981,800
Personal.........................................................................
1,074,697
1,019,785
974,099
Other .............................................................................
620,494
649,105
569,613
4,584,918
4,678,656
4,370,144
The Group seeks to limit its credit risk through diversification of its assets by geography and industry sector. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s gross maximum credit exposure to personal banking customers accounted 
for 23.4 per cent. of its total gross maximum credit exposure compared to 21.8 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019 and 22.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. These exposures mainly comprise a range of products and 
services to individuals, including consumer instalment and auto loans, credit cards and other branch-related 
services.
The Group’s second largest sector of credit exposure is the government and related entities segment, which 
accounted for 24.4 per cent. of the Group’s gross maximum credit exposure as at 31 December 2020 compared 
to 18.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 22.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. The Group considers that

--- Page 139 ---
126
this segment comprises a relatively low risk component of its loan portfolio, reflecting both the sovereign nature 
of the exposure and the fact that it is geographically limited to the GCC.
The Group’s third largest sector of credit exposure is the construction and real estate segment, which accounted 
for 14.8 per cent. of the Group’s gross maximum credit exposure as at 31 December 2020 compared to 17.0 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 18.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. As per CBK regulations, the real 
estate segment includes not only credit facilities granted to companies engaged in real estate business but also 
to borrowers where the purpose of the specific facility concerned is to finance real estate development and 
acquisition. The Group’s exposure to this sector is primarily in Kuwait.
The Group’s loans that finance the trading of securities listed on the Kuwait Stock Exchange are regulated and 
monitored by the CBK which requires that this lending does not exceed the lower of 10 per cent. of the total 
credit facilities portfolio granted to resident customers and 25 per cent. of the Bank’s regulatory capital.
See “Risk Management—Credit Risk” for a discussion of the Group’s loan origination and monitoring 
procedures, its loan classification system, its collateral policy and an analysis of its non-performing loans and 
provisioning and write-off policies.
Kuwait Bond Portfolio and Investment Securities Portfolio
The Group’s Kuwait bond portfolio and investment securities portfolio comprise fixed rate treasury bills and 
bonds (with maturities ranging from short-term to in excess of five years) issued by the CBK on behalf of the 
Kuwaiti Ministry of Finance, fixed rate bonds issued by the CBK (with maturities of less than one year) and a 
portfolio of debt and equity investment securities, which are principally held on an FVOCI basis. Additionally, 
the Group holds similar securities in other jurisdictions in which it operates. The Group invests in these 
securities both to generate returns and to provide an additional source of liquidity when needed.
The table below summarises the Group’s combined Kuwait bond portfolio and investment securities portfolio 
as at 30 September 2021 and as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018.
At 30
September
At 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s)
Investment securities portfolio
Fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI).......................................
510,412
316,719
259,548
252,191
Amortised cost (AC) .................................
62,429
75,198
29,477
25,508
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)..
15,172
12,071
13,140
12,218
Total investment securities portfolio.......
588,013
403,988
302,165
289,917
Kuwait bond portfolio
Kuwait government treasury bonds............
61,500
63,500
173,235
257,161
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds...................
139,708
138,617
136,621
127,646
Total Kuwait bond portfolio ...................
201,208
202,117
309,856
384,807
Total investment securities and Kuwait 
bond portfolios ........................................
789,221
606,105
612,021
674,724

--- Page 140 ---
127
The Group’s investment policy requires all investments in debt securities to have an investment grade rating, 
except for sovereign securities denominated and funded in local currencies in countries where the Group has 
an operating presence.
During the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and in 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group maintained this 
policy, although it selectively disposed of some holdings.
The Group’s FVOCI and FVTPL securities are measured at fair value. For further information on the manner 
in which the fair value of these securities is determined, see note 12 to the 2020 Financial Statements and note 
11 to the 2019 Financial Statements.
Capital Adequacy
Capital adequacy, financial leverage and the use of various levels of regulatory capital are monitored regularly 
by the Group’s management and are also governed by guidelines of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) as adopted by the CBK.
In June 2014, the CBK issued directives on the adoption of capital adequacy standards under the Basel III 
framework applicable to licensed banks in Kuwait, effectively replacing and superseding the earlier Basel II 
requirements. The Basel III reforms strengthen the quality of capital and introduce several buffer requirements 
in line with proposals made by the Basel Committee. The CBK Basel III framework consists of three Pillars:

Pillar 1 provides a framework for measuring capital requirements for credit, operational and market risks 
under the “Standardised Approach”;

Pillar 2 relates to the supervisory review process and emphasises the importance of the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) performed by banks; and

Pillar 3 aims to complement the above capital adequacy requirements under Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 by 
requiring banks to provide a consistent and understandable disclosure framework which facilitates 
comparison, thus enhancing the safety and soundness of the banking industry in Kuwait.
The Basel III framework raised both the quality and quantity of the capital base and increased capital 
requirements for certain positions. The minimum requirements for capital are underpinned by a leverage ratio 
that serves as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures. There are also buffer requirements in the form of a 
capital conservation buffer, a counter-cyclical capital buffer and an additional surcharge for banks designated 
as domestic systemically important.
A key objective for the Group is to maximise shareholders’ value with optimal levels of risk, whilst maintaining 
a strong capital base to support the development of its business and comply with externally imposed capital 
requirements. The Group aims to ensure adherence to the CBK’s requirements by monitoring its capital 
adequacy and adopting both a capital forecasting process that ensures that pro-active action is taken where 
necessary and a strategy that ensures that a sufficient capital buffer above minimum required levels is 
maintained at all times. This process is supported by the use of proprietary capital-planning methodology which 
takes into consideration regulatory capital requirements, rating agency views, stress testing and bottom-up 
views of business plans.
The minimum total capital requirement for the Kuwait banking sector generally is 13 per cent. The Group, 
having been designated as a D-SIB, is required to maintain an additional minimum capital of 0.5 per cent. at all 
levels. As at the date of this Base Prospectus and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 and each of 
2020, 2019 and 2018, the countercyclical capital buffer, ranging from 0 per cent. to 2.5 per cent., was not 
required in the minimum capital requirements and the CBK has not indicated when the countercyclical capital 
buffer may be required. To the extent such buffer is required, Basel Committee guidelines permit a lead period

--- Page 141 ---
128
of 12 months to comply. In addition, in response to the COVID-19 crisis, the CBK temporarily relaxed the 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 until 31 December 2021. 
Additionally, pursuant to the CBK’s consumer loan deferral programme (see “—Significant Factors Affecting 
Results of Operations—Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic” above), the CBK has allowed, as part of the COVID-
19 support measures, the modification loss from the consumer loan deferral programme in 2020 to be charged 
directly to retained earnings rather than being recognised in the consolidated statement of income as required 
by IFRS 9 in the year ended 31 December 2020.  Furthermore, for regulatory capital purposes, the modification 
losses incurred in 2020 are to be amortised equally against retained earnings over four years starting in 2021. 
No similar special regulatory treatment has been afforded to modification losses incurred as a result of consumer 
loan deferrals in the nine months to 30 September 2021, which were offset by an equivalent amount receivable 
from the Government of Kuwait as a Government grant. The Group’s modification losses in 2020 totalled 
KD 13.6 million
The table below shows the composition of the Group’s regulatory capital and its capital ratios as at 
30 September 2021 and as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 (determined in accordance with 
Basel III as implemented in Kuwait).
At 30
September
At 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s, except for percentages)
Risk weighted exposure.............................
3,631,310
3,668,174
3,783,021
3,568,370
Capital required ........................................
490,227
495,204
510,708
481,731
Capital available .......................................
Tier 1 capital.............................................
578,939
588,822
661,639
640,317
- Common equity tier 1..............................
488,189
498,072
570,889
549,567
- Additional tier 1......................................
90,750
90,750
90,750
90,750
Tier 2 capital.............................................
43,812
44,428
45,292
43,054
Total capital ............................................
622,751
633,250
706,931
683,371
Common equity tier 1 capital adequacy 
ratio..........................................................
13.44%
13.58%
15.09%
15.40%
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio......................
15.94%
16.05%
17.49%
17.94%
Total capital adequacy ratio.......................
17.15%
17.26%
18.69%
19.15%
The Group’s capital ratios as at 30 September 2021 were lower than those as at 31 December 2020. As at 30 
September 2021, the Group’s risk weighted exposures was KD 36.9 million lower than those at 31 December 
2020 whilst its total available capital was KD 10.5 million lower, resulting in a small decline in its capital ratios.
The Group’s capital ratios decreased in each of 2020 and 2019. In 2019, the Group’s risk weighted exposures 
increased by more than its available capital, resulting in a small decline in its capital ratios.  In 2020, both the 
Group’s risk weighted exposures and its available capital declined, in the case of the available capital principally 
reflecting a decrease in its common equity tier 1 capital as a result of losses incurred in 2020.
The Bank is also subject to a CBK Basel III financial leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent. The Bank’s 
leverage ratio was 9.65 per cent. as at 30 September 2021, 10.65 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 11.82 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 12.07 per cent. as at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 142 ---
129
The table below shows the total capital adequacy ratio of each of the five conventional commercial banks in 
Kuwait as at 30 September 2021.
Total capital 
adequacy 
ratio as at 30 
September 
2021
(per cent.)
Bank
Gulf Bank...........................................................................................................................
16.2
Commercial Bank of Kuwait...............................................................................................
18.7
National Bank of Kuwait.....................................................................................................
18.1
The Bank............................................................................................................................
17.2
Burgan Bank.......................................................................................................................
16.5
Capital Expenditure
The Group’s capital expenditure budget for 2020 is KD 2.6 million. A substantial part of this budget relates to 
IT-related expenditure on digital banking.
Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
The Group has contingent liabilities in respect of funding commitments it has made, as well as in relation to 
acceptances, letters of credit and guarantees issued by it. The table below shows these contingent liabilities as 
at 30 September 2021 and as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
As at 30
September
At 31 December
2021
2020
2019
2018
(KD ‘000s, except for percentages)
Guarantees................................................
791,676
783,272
831,353
826,869
Total commitments to extend credit ...........
345,907
324,987
296,802
369,849
Letters of credit.........................................
108,532
111,319
126,169
164,775
Acceptances..............................................
102,570
30,657
59,599
43,650
Total commitments and contingent 
liabilities..................................................
1,348,685
1,250,235
1,313,923
1,405,143
Related Party Transactions
The Group’s principal related party transactions are with its directors and executive officers, their close family 
members and companies controlled by them or their close family members as well as with associates of the 
Group. IFRS requires the disclosure of shareholder related parties only in cases where those related parties 
exercise significant influence. Certain related parties are customers of the Group in the ordinary course of 
business. Transactions with related parties are made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates

--- Page 143 ---
130
and collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties and do 
not involve an amount of risk that is higher than the amount of risk taken in comparable transactions with 
unrelated parties. Lending to directors and their related parties is secured by tangible collateral in accordance 
with CBK regulations.
The Group adheres to CBK guidelines on lending to related parties. Credit facilities to members of the Bank’s 
Board of Directors (the “Board”) can only be approved under conditions specified by the CBK which include 
the following:

all facilities to Board members must be approved, renewed or modified only at the Board level and this 
authority cannot be delegated to a committee of other body;

the approval, renewal or modification of Board members’ facilities can only be considered approved 
when at least three-quarters of the Board members have approved the same; and

the Group must acquire adequate collateral.
Further credit extensions to related parties are also subject to adherence to the overall CBK limits which include 
that the total related party exposures should not exceed 50 per cent. of a bank’s capital.
Further information on the Group’s related party transactions in the nine month periods ended 30 September in 
each of 2021 and 2020 and in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 is set out in note 6 to the Interim Financial 
Statements, in note 8 to the 2020 Financial Statements and in note 7 to the 2019 Financial Statements.

--- Page 144 ---
131
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP
Overview
The Group provides a wide range of commercial banking, retail and private banking, and treasury services to 
customers in Kuwait through its network of 29 branches. In addition, the Bank has three branches in the UAE 
and a subsidiary bank in Egypt, ABK – Egypt, with 44 branches. The Bank also provides corporate advisory 
and asset management services through its investment banking subsidiary, Ahli Capital Investment Company 
(“Ahli Capital”). The Bank’s operations are supported by a network of automated teller machines (“ATMs”) 
and point of sale (“POS”) terminals, telebanking, internet banking, and mobile banking.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s total assets were KD 5,227.3 million and its equity attributable to 
shareholders of the Bank was KD 511.7 million.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s customer loan portfolio was KD 3,205.7 million and its customer deposits 
were KD 3,776.2 million. For the nine month period ended 30 September 2021, the Group’s net profit 
attributable to shareholders of the Bank was KD 21.1 million compared to a net loss of KD 7.8 million for the 
nine month period ending 30 September 2020. In 2020, the Group’s net loss attributable to shareholders of the 
Bank for the year was KD 69.7 million, compared to a net profit for the year of KD 28.7 million in 2019.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s total and tier 1 capital adequacy ratios, calculated in accordance with the 
Basel III methodology adopted by the CBK, were 17.15 per cent. and 15.94 per cent., respectively, and its 
leverage ratio, calculated in accordance with CBK requirements, was 9.65 per cent.
The Bank has been listed on the KSE since 1984 and its total market capitalisation as at 30 September 2021 
was KD 375.7 million.
The Bank’s registered office is at Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P. Building, Ahmad Al Jaber Street, Safat 
Square, Al Sharq Area, P.O. Box 1387, Safat, 13014 Kuwait and its telephone number is +965 2240 0900/1899 
899. Its commercial registration number with the Kuwaiti Ministry of Commerce is 3705.
History
The Bank was incorporated in Kuwait on 23 May 1967 and is regulated by the CBK. Since its foundation, the 
Bank has progressed to become one of the leading Kuwaiti banks providing a wide range of financial and 
banking services and products across all its markets in Kuwait, the UAE, and Egypt.
In 1973, the Bank had 10 branches in Kuwait. By 1988, the Kuwaiti branch network had expanded to 21 
branches, and today operates 29 branches in Kuwait. The Bank opened its first overseas branch in Dubai in 
1986, its second branch in Abu Dhabi in 2009, and its third branch in the Dubai International Financial Centre 
(the “DIFC”) in 2018.
In 2006, the Bank established its investment arm, Ahli Capital. Through its subsidiary Ahli Capital, the Bank 
provides a wide range of financial services such as asset management, portfolio management, wealth 
management, investment banking, custody and consultative services.
On 10 November 2015, the Group acquired a 98.5 per cent. shareholding in Piraeus Bank - Egypt, later renamed 
ABK - Egypt. ABK - Egypt provides corporate, retail and investment banking services in Egypt, where it 
currently has a network of 44 branches. The acquisition has extended the Group’s footprint from the GCC to 
the wider MENA region in line with its objectives of regional expansion.
The Bank was recognised as the “Bank of the Year” by Arabian Business in 2018 and 2019, and as the “Best 
Retail Bank in Kuwait” by Asian Banker in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2021. In 2018, the Bank was listed by Global

--- Page 145 ---
132
Finance as one of the 10 safest banks in the Middle East. Further, the Bank was awarded “Best Digital 
Transformation” in 2019 by both International Finance Magazine and Asian Banker, and “Best Mobile Banking 
– Kuwait” in 2018 by Global Business Outlook. In Egypt, ABK - Egypt received the “Most Innovative Bank 
Egypt” by International Finance and “Best Performing Bank - Egypt” by The European, a Thomson Reuters 
Affiliate, in 2020.
Strategy
The Group’s strategy supports its vision to reimagine a simpler bank and its mission to consistently provide 
experiences that simplify and enrich people’s lives across Group’s values of transparency, integrity, simplicity 
and excellence that define the Group’s holistic approach to each element of its organisation, from processes and 
product development to talent management and client service.
The Group has defined three strategic pillars and 10 strategic priority areas for the five years to 2026. These 
are:
Scale and create value in its core business
The Group intends to scale and build its franchise in its core segments and markets. Its four strategic priority 
areas under this pillar are: (i) to scale its franchise in retail, private banking and wholesale, including by 
revamping its retail and private banking franchise and prudently expanding its corporate activities in Kuwait, 
(ii) maintaining its growth momentum in Egypt with a continuous focus on risk, (iii) growing selectively in the 
UAE with a focus on diversification and synergy benefits and (iv) leveraging synergies across the Group.
Sustain and de-risk its business
The Group intends to build next-generation risk management capabilities. Its three strategic priority areas under 
this pillar are: (i) to enhance its risk appetite to cater to its growth aspirations, while not compromising on its 
resilience and sustainability, (ii) revamp its risk processes and tools and leverage data and advanced analytics 
to enhance both its effectiveness and its efficiency and (iii) to deploy efficient capital and funding to support its 
growth ambitions.
Innovate and enable to support the other two strategic pillars
The Group intends to offer innovative banking solutions and achieve excellence in customer service and 
operational efficiency. Its three strategic priority areas under this pillar are: (i) to implement a comprehensive 
digital and advanced analytics roadmap focused on customer experience as well as efficiency gains, (ii) to build 
a modern, agile and secure IT function and unlock efficiencies through disciplined cost management and 
structural operating model shifts and (iii) maintaining a winning and performance culture, developing and 
retaining talent (including digital talent) and nurturing future Kuwaiti leaders.
Strengths
The Group benefits from a number of business strengths. In particular:
Strong capitalisation and credit ratings and solid revenue-generating capacity
As at 30 September 2021, the Bank had total capital adequacy, Tier 1 and common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) ratios 
of 17.15 per cent., 15.94 per cent. and 13.44 per cent., respectively, which affords the Bank a strong loss 
absorption buffer. In view of the outbreak of COVID-19 and its financial implications, the CBK has temporarily 
amended the minimum regulatory capital requirements applicable to local banks, where the total capital 
adequacy ratio has been lowered from 13.0 per cent. to 10.5 per cent., the tier 1 ratio has been lowered from 
11.0 per cent. to 8.5 per cent., and the CET1 ratio has been lowered from 9.5 per cent. to 7.0 per cent. The Bank 
has been designated as a domestic systemically important bank (“D-SIB”) by the CBK which means that a 
surcharge of 0.5 per cent. is required on top of the minimum regulatory capital requirements.

--- Page 146 ---
133
The Bank has a long-term issuer default rating of A+ with a negative outlook from Fitch and a long-term foreign 
currency bank deposits rating of A2 with a stable outlook from Moody’s.
Stable funding base and good liquidity buffers
Kuwaiti banks are subject to the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and net stable funding ratio 
(“NSFR”) as adopted by the CBK. The guidelines and regulations issued by the CBK originally set the LCR 
and NSFR requirements at a minimum of a 100 per cent. for each benchmark, but these have been temporarily 
lowered to 80 per cent. in view of the COVID-19 pandemic.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s LCR and NSFR were 273 per cent. and 108.0 per cent., respectively. 
The LCR, calculated as the ratio of high-quality liquid assets (“HQLAs”) to expected net cash outflows over a 
30-day period, depicts the Bank’s good liquidity buffers, its reserves of high-quality assets, and its ability to 
sustain short-term liquidity shocks. The NSFR is calculated as a percentage of available stable funding to 
required stable funding and represents the Bank’s ability to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the 
composition of its assets and off-balance sheet activities.
During 2020, while the Group’s total assets declined by 0.6 per cent. due to the pandemic, its customer deposits 
grew by around 5.0 per cent. During 2019 and 2018, the majority of the Group’s total assets growth, which 
amounted to 7.4 and 4.3 per cent., respectively, was funded by growth in customer deposits, of 6.6 and 6.0 per 
cent., respectively.
Strong and experienced Board and management team
The Group believes that it has a strong and experienced Board and a long-serving executive team with a strong 
track record in Kuwait.
Solid revenue-generating capacity
The Group’s revenue-generating capacity and underlying pre-provision profitability metrics are strong. In 
particular, the Group’s operating profit for the year before provisions/impairment losses increased in each year 
between 2012 up to 2019, before declining in 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19.
The acquisition of ABK - Egypt has diversified the Group and provided additional growth and profit 
opportunities
The acquisition of ABK – Egypt was the Group’s first major cross-border transaction and has provided the 
Group with revenue and asset diversification and an opportunity to leverage economic links between Kuwait 
and Egypt (such as trade flows between the two countries as well as additional business from Egyptian 
expatriates working in Kuwait).
The Group’s operations in Egypt remained resilient during 2020, growing customer and bank loans by 12 per 
cent., customer deposits by 22 per cent., net operating profit by 34 per cent., and net profit by 47 per cent., in 
each case compared to 2019.
Group Structure and Shareholders
Group Structure
The diagram below illustrates the Group structure.
The Bank is the parent company of the Group. Ahli Capital is 99.8 per cent. owned by the Bank and ABK Egypt 
is 98.6 per cent. owned by the Bank.

--- Page 147 ---
134
Shareholders
The table below shows all shareholders of the Bank which owned 5 per cent. or more of the Bank’s share capital 
as at 30 September 2021.
Name of shareholder
Number of 
shares
Percentage 
of issued 
share capital
Wafra International Investment Co. – Customers’ account..........................
186,512,439
10.971
Kuwait Investment Co. – Customers’ account............................................
168,848,477
9.932
Behbehani General Trading Co..................................................................
161,399,268
9.493
Ali Morad Yousuf Behbehani ....................................................................
116,298,322
6.835
Heirs of Mohamed Saleh Yousuf Behbehani ..............................................
107,948,226
6.349
Business
Reporting segments
The Group currently operates through three segments for financial reporting purposes:

“Commercial banking”, which comprises a full range of credit facilities, deposit-taking and related 
banking services provided to its corporate and institutional customers;

“Retail and private banking”, which comprises a full range of products and services to retail customers, 
including loans, credit cards, deposits and wealth management services; and

“Treasury and investments”, which comprises treasury services provided to customers and balance 
sheet management activities, including money market, derivatives, proprietary investment activities and 
the residual impact of inter-segment fund transfer pricing.
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P.
ABK Egypt
(98.6%)
Ahli Capital Investment Co.
K.S.C.C. (99.8%)

--- Page 148 ---
135
The table below is derived from note 4 to the 2020 Financial Statements and shows certain financial information 
in relation to each reporting segment for each of 2020 and 2019.
Commercial banking
Retail and private 
banking
Treasury and 
investments
Total
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
Operating income .........
69.0
94.6
52.9
57.7
19.6
20.2
141.5
172.5
Segment results.............
(69.9)
20.8
22.9
27.6
17.0
17.8
(30.0)
66.2
Segment assets..............
2,568.5
2,660.5
744.5
704.7
1,431.3
1,401.3
4,744.4
4,766.5
Commercial Banking
Corporate banking
The Group offers its corporate clients, engaged in various economic sectors, a broad spectrum of commercial 
banking products and services, including loans, overdrafts, trade finance (letter of credit (“LCs”) and 
guarantees), online corporate cash management services, and a range of current and deposit accounts. 
Additionally, the corporate banking division works with other business units within the Group, such as those 
included within the Treasury and investments reporting segment, to offer other services, including foreign 
exchange, hedging products and corporate finance and advisory services.
The Group’s corporate banking division comprises nine specialised business units designed to cater to the 
business and/or industry-specific needs of particular customer segments, including a newly created unit 
supporting small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) affected by the negative economic implications 
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. These business units are the investment unit, services unit, financial 
institutions unit, trading unit, infrastructure unit, contracting unit, services, manufacturing and SMEs unit, cash 
management unit and SMEs rescue programme unit.
Investment business unit
The investment business unit caters to businesses with significant investment needs in Kuwait, as well as high 
net worth individuals. The investment business unit provides financial solutions and services to its individuals 
and corporate customers, which include comprehensive lending packages, deposit placements, and arranging 
or participating in syndicated loans. Further, the range of services offered by the investment business unit 
includes asset-based financing, such as commercial real estate mortgages, term loans, working capital finance, 
trade finance-related products, structured cash finance and financing for mergers and acquisitions.
Services business unit
The services business unit aims to meet the diverse financing requirements of service-oriented businesses such 
as educational and training institutions, cleaning companies, money exchanges, hospitals and clinics, hotels, 
large-scale retailers and electro-mechanical service providers. The services business unit’s offerings include 
working capital financing of receivables or inventory holdings, short-, medium- and long-term loans, LCs and 
LC refinancing and guarantees.
Financial institutions business unit
The financial institutions business unit provides customers with professional and innovative solutions to their 
business and financing requirements. This business unit oversees and manages the Group’s relationships with 
local non-bank financial institutions and local investment companies and groups and provides and arranges 
credit facilities on a bilateral or syndicated basis, as well as other corporate finance solutions and services.

--- Page 149 ---
136
Trading business unit
The trading business unit caters to the financial needs of trading companies, including companies trading in 
consumer durables, consumer electronics, automobiles, textiles, equipment and commodities. The trading 
business unit offers tailor-made packages and solutions to suit its clients’ funding requirements at various stages 
of their trading activities, from procurement of goods to sales realisation. The range of services offered by the 
trading business unit includes working capital finance, bill discounting, LCs and LC refinancing and guarantees.
Infrastructure business unit
The infrastructure business unit provides tailor-made banking solutions for large infrastructure projects 
executed by public and private companies (such as engineering, procurement and construction projects; public 
private partnership projects; build-operate-transfer projects and build-own-operate projects) across various 
industry sectors.
The infrastructure business unit’s offerings include financing products structured in line with the specific needs 
of the contracts or projects concerned and a full range of cash facilities, including overdrafts, bills discounting, 
term loans, LCs, guarantees and derivatives for hedging a range of currency and interest rate risks.
Services, manufacturing and SMEs business unit
The services, manufacturing and SMEs business unit arranges for the financing requirements of small and 
medium-sized enterprises in sectors like trading, construction and real estate, and small scale industrial firms, 
among others. The business unit works with its customers to understand their business and financial needs and 
offers them comprehensive banking solutions. The range of services offered includes working capital finance, 
invoice discounting, short- and medium-term loans, mortgage loans, LCs and guarantees, as well as domestic 
and international payments.
Contracting business unit
The contracting business unit’s customers comprise large companies engaged in executing high-value 
infrastructure projects, such as the construction of roads and bridges, power and oil sector installations, pipeline 
projects and large housing projects.
The contracting business unit offers one-stop financial solutions addressing entire contract financing 
requirements from tender guarantees for contract bidding to the completion of the project. The range of services 
offered by the contracting business unit includes issuing guarantees, overdraft facilities, LCs and LC 
refinancing, loans for purchase of equipment and progress payment financing to meet short term cash flow 
imbalances.
Cash management business unit
The cash management business unit offers customers products and solutions to monitor their account positions, 
meet payment obligations, and collect receipts in a timely manner with the intention of streamlining processes, 
automating tasks, and effectively managing liquidity for customers looking to reduce operating costs. The cash 
management business unit provides a wide range of services including account management, payments and 
payroll services, collection services, liquidity management, and trade finance.
SMEs rescue programme business unit
The SMEs rescue programme business unit offers financing solutions to support SMEs adversely impacted by 
the COVID-19 pandemic, in accordance with the framework set by the CBK.

--- Page 150 ---
137
Structured finance division
The structured finance division (“SFD”) manages the Group’s project and corporate finance transactions, bond 
issuances and cash management products. The SFD also provides client coverage for multi-national 
corporations, non-bank financial institutions and remedial and restructured accounts.
The SFD is a reliable partner for Kuwait’s infrastructure and long-term development projects. It has developed 
an intuitive and comprehensive understanding of bid requirements for projects under the Kuwait Authority for 
Project Partnership. Its institutional track record continues to strengthen, with the successful inclusion of 
flagship projects such as the Umm Al Hayman Waste Water Project and the Public Authority for Housing 
Welfare’s projects for the Jaber Al Ahmad Residential and Economic Zones, where the SFD supported bids 
currently under consideration.
Global financial institutions division
The global financial institutions division operates from the Group’s head office in Kuwait and provides credit 
facilities to banks and financial institutions, non-bank financial institutions, governments and supranational 
organisations for international transactions. The division is also responsible for establishing country and bank 
credit limits. Further, the global financial institutions division oversees management of the UAE branches and 
is responsible for the Group’s relationships with major international banks and correspondent banks around the 
world, including the Nostro and Vostro accounts for and with the Group. The Group has SWIFT arrangements 
with over 1,000 banks internationally and conducts accounts in all major currencies. The Group uses its existing 
bank relationships to facilitate foreign currency transfers. In addition, the global financial institutions division 
manages the Group’s institutional and multi-national corporate loan portfolio through relationship managers.
Retail banking
The Group offers a wide range of retail banking products and related services in Kuwait through its integrated 
distribution network, comprising branches, ATMs and other remote banking platforms. In addition, the Group 
has a direct sales force which markets its retail products and services to its customers. The Group’s retail 
banking products principally include a range of loans, deposits and cards.
During 2020, the Group’s retail banking division witnessed an accelerated push towards digitisation and 
continued expansion of its products and solutions, with the aim of maintaining service levels to customers by 
increasing the uptake of its digital services.
The Group offers its retail banking customers a wide range of banking services, including:

Deposits: The Group has a range of deposit products, including salary-based and student current 
accounts, interest-bearing savings accounts and a number of term deposit accounts with different tenors.

Loans: The Group’s loan products principally include consumer and instalment loans with repayment 
terms extending up to five years and 15 years, respectively. These loans are offered in accordance with 
CBK regulations relating to tenor, amount, purpose and interest rate. All consumer and instalment loan 
customers are required to provide proof of debt in accordance with CBK requirements. Typically 
consumer and instalment loans are granted against the customer’s salary or pension being paid to an 
account with the Group, although the Group does offer a small number of loans without this requirement.

Cards: The Group provides a range of Visa and MasterCard credit and debit cards. The Group’s cards 
are aimed at different customer segments based on income and offer a range of benefits that vary based 
on the card type. The Group was the first bank in Kuwait to offer a single multi- currency card, which is 
pre-loaded with up to 11 currencies.
The Group’s principal distribution channels in Kuwait comprise:

--- Page 151 ---
138

Branch network: The Bank has a network of 29 branches in Kuwait and 146 ATMs, including three 
interactive teller machines in Kuwait as at 30 September 2021.

Telebanking: The Group provides automated banking by telephone to its customers in Kuwait and abroad 
and operates a call centre on a 24/7 basis. These services can be used by customers to conduct a variety 
of transactions, including credit card payments, transfers between accounts, requesting statements and 
balances, referring customers to apply for new products and reporting lost or stolen cards, among others. 
During 2020, the Group’s call centre in Kuwait handled more than 1.6 million calls.

Internet banking: The services provided to accountholders through the Group’s e-Ahli internet banking 
platform include account balances, history and transaction detail enquiries, funds transfers, bill payments 
and cheque book ordering.

SMS and mobile banking: The Group’s customers can use its SMS banking services to receive regular 
account updates and SMS alerts and to make balance enquiries, among other services. The Bank also 
offers a mobile banking application.
Treasury and Investments
The Group’s Treasury and Investments reporting segment comprises the activities of the Treasury and 
Investments division and Ahli Capital and encompasses the Group’s money market, foreign exchange, treasury 
bonds, assets and surplus fund management and other investment securities activities. This division is 
principally concerned with balance sheet management rather than acting as a profit centre in its own right.
Treasury and Investments division
The Group’s treasury manages the Group’s assets and liabilities and liquidity requirements under the 
supervision of the Management Assets and Liabilities Committee (“ALCO”), which meets monthly to monitor 
and review all aspects of the Group’s liquidity profile, asset and liability structure and internal and statutory 
ratio requirements. Cash-flow requirements as well as foreign exchange activities in each of the Group’s 
locations are managed by the respective treasury of that location, under the supervision of the Group’s treasury.
In addition, the Group’s treasury:

manages the money market books and money market funding positions for the Group’s own account to 
fund its domestic and international foreign-currency assets;

undertakes a range of foreign exchange business, across spot, forward and option markets, largely on 
behalf of the Group’s customer base, and conducts a limited amount of proprietary foreign exchange 
trading within the constraints of what the Group considers to be prudent risk guidelines; and

maintains a portfolio of Kuwaiti government treasury bills and bonds to meet relevant CBK requirements 
and to manage surplus domestic currency liquidity.
The Group’s investment unit is responsible for managing the Group’s fixed income proprietary portfolio with 
the objective of realising income while minimising the risk of default. The unit combines a bottom-up 
fundamental credit-research-driven investment process with a top-down macro-economic analysis. The 
portfolio is diversified, investing in fixed income securities issued by emerging and developed markets’
corporates and sovereigns. The securities are denominated in hard currencies and carry investment-grade 
ratings. The investment unit is also responsible for the management and administration of securities acquired 
in the process of debt settlement.

--- Page 152 ---
139
Ahli Capital
Ahli Capital was established in June 2006 to be the main investment arm of the Group. Ahli Capital provides a 
wide range of financial services which include asset management, fund management, portfolio solutions, 
investment banking, custody services and advisory services.
Ahli Capital currently manages the Al Ahli Kuwaiti Fund, the Al Ahli International Multi-Asset Holding Fund 
and the Al Ahli Gulf Fund, and also manages client investment portfolios. As at 30 September 2021, Ahli Capital 
had KD 617 million assets under management.
The Al Ahli Kuwait Fund aims to achieve capital growth through active investment management, targeting the 
securities of companies listed on the Kuwait Stock Exchange. The Al Ahli International Multi-Asset Holding 
Fund aims to achieve capital growth while globally diversifying risk through international investment in 
different asset classes and licensed funds. The Al Ahli Gulf Fund aims to achieve capital growth through 
investment in the securities of companies listed on GCC stock exchanges. Ahli Capital has partnered with SICO 
Bahrain to enhance its fund management capabilities across the GCC region.
To enhance the diversity of the portfolio solutions offered, Ahli Capital has also partnered with global 
institutions such as Goldman Sachs Asset Management and BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited. 
Ahli Capital provides portfolio solutions that are globally diversified and which can meet the different risk, 
return and liquidity requirements of its investors. The portfolio solutions cover different asset classes which 
include traditional as well as alternative assets.
International operations
The Group’s international operations encompass the operations of its overseas branches in the UAE and its 
subsidiary, ABK - Egypt.
Overseas branches
UAE
The Group was the first Kuwaiti bank in the UAE and currently has three branches, two of which are located 
in Dubai and one in Abu Dhabi. The Group has been operating for over 40 years in the UAE. The Group has 
expanded its UAE activities to provide retail deposit taking, as well as providing a range of financing and 
treasury solutions to corporate customers including working capital, structured, contract, project and term 
financing, trade finance, money market and foreign exchange solutions, and syndicated and corporate advisory 
services.
The Bank opened its first overseas branch in Dubai in 1986, its second branch in Abu Dhabi in 2009, and its 
third branch in the DIFC in 2018.
Egypt
In November 2015, the Group acquired Piraeus Bank - Egypt, a mid-size bank founded in 1978 and operating 
in Egypt.
ABK - Egypt provides a wide range of corporate banking, retail banking, treasury and leasing (through a 
subsidiary) services to its customer base of corporates, individuals and SMEs. It operates through 44 branches,
91 ATMs, internet banking and a call centre.
It also has a treasury division that provides foreign exchange services, asset and liability management (to 
manage the overall liquidity and funding of ABK - Egypt). This division also supervises the investment of ABK 
- Egypt’s capital in accordance with established guidelines.

--- Page 153 ---
140
ABK - Egypt’s retail offering is based on a customer-centric approach with a product range that includes current 
and saving accounts, term deposits, saving certificates, payroll accounts, retirement and protection products, 
consumer loans, automated payments, credit and debit cards and bancassurance products. ABK - Egypt’s retail 
customer base accounted for 30 per cent. of its total deposits and 37 per cent. of its total loans as at 30 September 
2021.
During 2020, ABK - Egypt extended full support to customers who were financially impacted by COVID-19 
and, in line with the Central Bank of Egypt’s directives, introduced a six-month penalty-free payment holiday 
for all loans and credit cards, waived charges for ATM cash withdrawals and ABK Mobile Wallet transactions, 
and increased online banking, credit and debit card transaction limits.
The corporate banking division is the main business segment for ABK - Egypt, accounting for approximately 
63 per cent. of its loans and advances to customers and approximately 70 per cent. of its deposits as at 30 
September 2021. The division offers loans, trade financing and deposit products. ABK - Egypt’s assets 
constituted 21.3 per cent. of the Group’s total assets as at 30 September 2021. ABK - Egypt had a capital 
adequacy ratio of 17.3 per cent. (calculated in accordance with Basel III methodology) as at 30 September 2021.
Competition in Kuwait
The Kuwaiti banking sector currently comprises five indigenous conventional commercial banks (the Bank, 
National Bank of Kuwait, Commercial Bank of Kuwait, Gulf Bank and Burgan Bank) and branches of 12 other 
non-Kuwaiti banks. In addition, a specialised bank (Industrial Bank of Kuwait), five banks operating according 
to the provisions of Islamic Sharia (including the largest, Kuwait Finance House) and a branch of a Saudi 
Arabian bank (Al-Rajhi Bank) are also licensed to operate in Kuwait.
The tables below show rankings for the six largest Kuwaiti banks by total assets, by customer deposits and by 
customer loans and advances as at 30 September 2021 and as at 31 December in each of 2020 and 2019.
Total assets
(1)
As at 30 
September
As at 31 December
2021
2020
2019
(KD million)
National Bank of Kuwait................................................
32,508
29,717
29,271
Kuwait Finance House ...................................................
21,971
21,502
19,391
Burgan Bank..................................................................
6,965
7,106
7,081
Gulf Bank......................................................................
6,330
6,113
6,245
The Bank.......................................................................
5,227
4,853
4,883
Commercial Bank of Kuwait..........................................
4,196
4,389
4,873
Note:
(1)
Total assets are based on consolidated figures and include international assets.
Source: Interim and annual financial statements for each bank.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s total assets represented 5.2 per cent. of the total assets of the Kuwaiti 
conventional commercial banking sector.

--- Page 154 ---
141
Total customer deposits
(1)
As at 30 
September
As at 31 December
2021
2020
2019
(KD million)
National Bank of Kuwait................................................
17,365
17,104
15,931
Kuwait Finance House ...................................................
16,009
15,317
13,553
Burgan Bank..................................................................
4,347
4,091
3,991
Gulf Bank......................................................................
4,154
4,034
3,950
The Bank.......................................................................
3,776
3,486
3,320
Commercial Bank of Kuwait..........................................
2,070
2,369
2,453
Note:
(1)
Total customer deposits are based on consolidated figures and include international customer deposits.
Source: Interim and annual financial statements for each bank.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s customer deposits represented 5.5 per cent. of the total customer deposits 
of the Kuwaiti conventional commercial banking sector.
Customer loans and advances
(1)
As at 30 
September
As at 31 December
2021
2020
2019
(KD million)
National Bank of Kuwait................................................
18,960
17,504
16,553
Kuwait Finance House ...................................................
11,345
10,748
9,337
Burgan Bank..................................................................
4,349
4,345
4,284
Gulf Bank......................................................................
4,669
4,309
4,438
The Bank.......................................................................
3,206
3,117
3,216
Commercial Bank of Kuwait..........................................
2,249
2,279
2,267
Note:
(1)
Customer loans and advances are based on consolidated figures and include international customer loans and 
advances. Figures for National Bank of Kuwait include Islamic financing.
Source: Interim and annual financial statements for each bank.
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s customer loans and advances represented approximately 5.5 per cent. of 
the total customer loans and advances of the Kuwaiti conventional commercial banking sector.

--- Page 155 ---
142
The Islamic banking sector in Kuwait is attracting a growing customer base, particularly among local 
cooperative and other similar bodies. A general prohibition on mortgages over private residences in Kuwait was 
introduced in 2008. However, in 2011 an exception was created in respect of Islamic banks only, allowing them 
to finance purchases of residential properties using a mortgage over the property as security. Accordingly, the 
principal competitive advantage enjoyed by Islamic banks is their ability to offer residential mortgage financing, 
which conventional banks are not permitted to do. Regulatory restrictions relating to interest rates and ratios 
for personal lending typically favour Islamic banks over conventional banks. In particular, whereas the interest 
rates that can be charged by conventional banks are capped, given there is no concept of interest in Islamic 
banking, the Islamic banks in Kuwait are able to earn better margins than conventional banks on their loan 
portfolios.
Information Technology
To meet changing business requirements, the Group’s IT strategy is to invest significantly in technology, with 
a focus on refreshing technology in order to simplify and automate essential processes.
The Group has an offsite IT disaster recovery site located in Kuwait that can be activated when required. This 
is to ensure that all critical systems are fully operational in line with the Group’s business continuity plan, in 
order to provide essential services to its customers. The Group carries out daily and other periodic data back-
ups which are stored in the main data centre and replicated online (in real time) to the disaster recovery centre.
Additionally, the Group provides back-ups of all critical systems and data to an international location (which is 
in the UAE) in compliance with CBK instructions. The Group’s information security office carries out various 
security assessments using external agencies and has adopted the latest technologies to assist in mitigating cyber 
threats. The controls and incident response procedures in place have minimised any adverse impact from cyber 
threats on services provided by the Group.

--- Page 156 ---
143
RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk Management Structure and Process
Overview
The Group has established comprehensive risk management frameworks. The frameworks address the 
identification, measurement and monitoring processes of all material risks, including credit risk, market risk 
and operational risk under Pillar I and other risks such as credit concentration risk, credit risk mitigation 
(“CRM”) risk, interest rate risk in the banking book, liquidity risk, remained operation risk, legal risk, strategic 
risk, reputation risk and others under Pillar II.
The Group also has in place frameworks for managing various risks identified under the Basel III and ICAAP 
guidelines. Risk management is governed by the risk management frameworks that include risk policy, risk 
appetite and assessment, risk measurement and stress testing models and methodology, and capital adequacy 
assessment matrices, which are approved by the Board. Risk is embedded in the decision-making process on 
all risk types to enable the Group to manage the risks assumed within acceptable levels.
The Group has also articulated a risk appetite statement which sets out the boundaries within which the risks 
have to be assumed and managed in terms of availability and use of capital, after setting aside a buffer for stress 
conditions. Descriptions of the risk appetite statement along with the risks identified and the methodology used 
to manage those risks are set out below.
Risk appetite statement
The Group has an established risk appetite framework and risk culture designed to ensure that risks are taken 
and managed within the risk appetite through capital budgeting, established risk limits and other measures. The 
risk appetite framework provides the basis for:

setting the risk-taking capacity;

maintaining a risk buffer;

setting risk limits within the Group’s business strategy;

setting risk parameters for overall business objectives; and

establishing risk appetite indicators for monitoring and reporting.
Accordingly, the objectives of the risk appetite framework include:

supporting the strategic initiatives;

embedding risk appetite into the Bank’s business culture;

ensuring that the risk appetite is developed in accordance with the availability of capital;

establishing boundaries for risk-taking limits and thresholds;

monitoring and enabling the measurement of both qualitative and quantitative risk parameters;

evaluating risks in a consistent manner;

monitoring risk levels against limits and thresholds which extend to business level and risk type; and

supporting stakeholder value maximisation by monitoring and improving expectations.

--- Page 157 ---
144
At a Group-wide level, the risk appetite statement is based on maintaining its capital adequacy ratio, its risk-
adjusted return on capital, the quality of assets and geographic diversification, sectoral diversification, the 
external credit rating of the Bank, the earnings volatility and other metrics, such as those related to liquidity 
risk, loans to deposit levels, operational risk and regulatory compliance. These parameters are then cascaded 
down to business units by setting a series of risk limits applicable for each business line.
Risk limits and thresholds
The Group sets risk limits through various policies governing different business areas. These limits are 
monitored, within the risk appetite framework, by the business lines based on business plans. The risk appetite 
statements have been embedded within each risk management framework for managing credit, market, liquidity, 
operational, strategic and reputation risk. These appetite statements have been translated into specific risk limits 
and thresholds for managing risk levels within appetite levels through risk and business policies.
Monitoring, control and reporting of risk appetite and limits
The Group monitors the risk appetite, risk limits and thresholds periodically through its monitoring, control and 
reporting mechanism with the aim of assessing the level of its risk exposures, so that appropriate corrective 
measures can be taken to maintain the exposure levels within an acceptable range.
Risk control and governance
The primary goal of risk management is to ensure that the Bank’s asset and liability profile, its trading positions, 
and its credit and operational activities do not expose it to losses that could threaten its viability. Risk 
management assists in ensuring that risk exposures do not become excessive, relative to the Bank’s capital and 
financial positions. The Bank maintains a limit monitoring system to mitigate all over-the-counter transactions. 
It also hedges its foreign exchange risk using forward contracts and spot transactions and its interest rate risk 
using interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps for balance sheet management.
Risk management uses a combination of techniques and tools for qualitative and quantitative analysis, scoring 
of key risk factors and trends, statistical and sensitivity analyses, benchmarking against industry, peer group 
comparisons, stress testing and scenario analysis
Risk management includes the following four elements:

Risk identification;

Risk measurement;

Risk monitoring; and

Risk control.
The chart below illustrates the organisational structure of the Group’s risk management division.

--- Page 158 ---
145
The risk management division reports directly to the Board Risk Committee and also, through a dotted reporting 
line to the Group chief executive officer (the “Group CEO”).
The business lines, along with the support divisions, the risk management division and the internal audit 
division, comprise the three components that ensure effective compliance with the control processes laid down 
for risk management in the Group. A separate compliance unit also independently ensures that the regulatory 
guidelines are followed and complied with. The risk management division, with the active support of the Board 
and senior management, is committed to instilling a risk-conscious culture throughout the Group.
Principal Risks
The principal risks faced by the Group are:

credit risk, which is the risk of financial loss arising from the failure of a customer or counterparty to 
meet its obligations to the Group under a contract. It also includes the risk of loss in portfolio value as a 
result of credit quality migration from lower risk to higher risk categories;

market risk, which is the risk that movements in market rates and prices, including foreign exchange 
rates, equity prices, interest rates and credit spreads, or changes in market conditions will adversely 
impact the value of the Group’s assets, liabilities or revenue;

liquidity risk, which is the risk arising from the inability of the Group to meet its payment obligations 
on time without incurring unacceptable losses and principally arises in the course of its general funding 
activities; and

operational risk, which is the risk of loss arising out of policy or procedure breach or a process 
breakdown and includes fraud, unauthorised activities, error, omission, inefficiency, systems failure and 
external events.

--- Page 159 ---
146
Credit Risk
Credit risk management
Credit risk is the most significant risk to which the Group is exposed, and proactive management of credit risk 
is key to ensuring the Group’s long-term success.
The risk management division aims to ensure that appropriate policies, guidelines, processes and procedures 
exist to cover all business areas where credit risk arises. It also aims to ensure the consistent application of the 
Bank’s credit extending standards and the periodic review and updating of credit policies, guidelines and 
procedures.
The Bank has limits for individual exposures, group exposures, economic sectors and countries. In the case of 
counterparties, the limits are based on the counterparty’s credit rating. High grade counterparties attract higher 
limit exposure, while low credit grade customers are restricted to lower level exposure. These limits have been 
determined based on the probability of default associated with each risk grade of borrowers. The Group seeks 
to minimise unexpected losses based on the probability of default.
Credit facilities to any counterparty are not extended until a credit line has been approved. A strict credit 
approval process exists with authority levels delegated to ensure the efficient conduct of business.
The risk management division also aims to ensure that credits are granted according to approved standards and 
that all risks are highlighted in the credit risk review, including policy exceptions.
Credit facility risk covers the analysis of the nature of on and off-balance sheet counter-party exposure (size, 
tenor, complexity and liquidity), including secured and unsecured credit facilities, and reporting thereof. The 
Group has implemented policies for accepting and securing collateral to mitigate risk, as well as processes for 
monitoring valuation fluctuations and legally securing collateral. Processes and methods are in place for the 
continuous monitoring of fluctuations in the values of collateral support on counterparty credit. Triggers have 
been established and increased collateral may be required if the marked to market value of the collateral 
provided falls below the trigger. The Bank uses a standardised approach to calculate credit value adjustment in 
accordance with applicable regulations.
Portfolio risk arises because of a high positive correlation between individual credit facilities, meaning that 
default by one borrower can lead to several related borrowers defaulting who bear that correlation. This may 
arise as a result of:

a concentration of exposure in geographical areas, sectors, groups, counterparties or rating categories;

trends in volumes, sectors and concentration; and

adverse trends in portfolio quality arising from borrowers’ risk migration and NPLs.
Corporate credit risk management
The Group has a comprehensive due diligence system to assess and approve corporate credit facilities and well-
defined policies for controlling and managing credit risk at the counterparty, group, economic sector and 
country levels.
It also has a robust system of borrowers’ risk ratings to assess the default risk of corporate borrowers. Corporate 
borrowers are graded from 1 to 10, with one being excellent and 10 being bad. Changes in the ratings of the 
Group’s borrowers are monitored annually. The borrower risk rating model takes into consideration key factors, 
such as business trends, management, governance, capital structure, business diversification, financial 
statements, cash flow and leverage parameters, country, industry, and collateral, which are duly weighted to

--- Page 160 ---
147
arrive at the rating. The Bank has a retail risk rating scorecard to assess retail credit risk, which also provides 
an end-to-end automated system for processing loans and credit cards.
The Bank adopts the following mapping notations to link public issue ratings with comparable assets in the 
Bank’s book. It uses the long-term rating for this mapping.
S&P Rating
ABK Revised Risk Grade
AAA
1
AA
2
A
3
BBB+/BBB/BBB-
4+/4/4-
BB+/BB/BB-
5+/5/5-
B+/B/B-
6+/6/6-
CCC/CC/C
7/8/9
D
10
With international borrowers and foreign financial institutions, the Bank relies on external credit rating agencies 
for credit grading assessments, including political risk assessment, and deals mainly with investment grade 
borrowers and countries. The Bank uses Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings for claims on sovereign 
and bank exposures, choosing the higher of the lowest two ratings for assigning risk weight to an exposure.
The Group follows Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) rating methodology to measure counterparty credit risk.
The table below shows the credit quality of the Bank’s loans and advances as at 31 December in each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018.
Neither past due nor impaired
Past due 
including 
individually 
impaired
High grade
Standard 
grade
Acceptable 
grade
Total
(KD ‘000s)
2020
Corporate and banks ........................................
1,830,857
381,790
131,423
63,538
2,407,608
Retail ...............................................................
563,486
97,460
3,007
45,534
709,487
2019
Corporate and banks ........................................
1,900,876
362,522
131,730
148,381
2,543,509
Retail ...............................................................
557,296
74,376
117
40,398
672,187
2018
Corporate and banks ........................................
1,915,103
281,795
107,232
94,550
2,398,680
Retail ...............................................................
522,206
66,300
109
38,697
627,312
All corporate, international and sovereign credit requires an independent credit risk review. Borrower exposures 
are managed through exposure limits, and wherever group exposure exceeds a stipulated limit, the approval of 
Board Credit and Investment Committee (the “BCIC”) is required.

--- Page 161 ---
148
Risk Management ensures that appropriate policies, guidelines, processes and procedures exist to cover all 
business areas and activities where credit risk arises. It ensures the consistent application of the Bank’s credit 
extending standards and the periodic review and updating of credit policies, guidelines and procedures. The 
policy sets limit criteria for individual exposures, group exposures, economic sector and countries.
Business with any counter-party does not commence until a credit line has been approved. A credit approval 
process exists with authority levels defined to ensure the efficient conduct of business.
Risk Management ensures that credits are granted according to the approved standards and that all risks are 
comprehensively highlighted in the credit risk review, including policy exceptions.
Credit facility risk covers the analysis of the nature of on and off-balance sheet counter-party exposure (size, 
tenor, complexity and liquidity), including secured and unsecured credit facilities, and reporting thereof.
Portfolio risk arises because of a high positive correlation between individual credit facilities, meaning that 
default by one borrower can lead to several related borrowers defaulting who bear that correlation. This may 
include:

concentration of exposure in geographical areas, sectors, groups, counter-parties or rating categories;

trend analysis in volume, sectors and concentration; and

trends in portfolio quality (borrowers’ risk migration and non-performing loans).
The Group manages credit concentration in compliance with the CBK directives on single obligor ceilings and 
monitors and reports to its regulators credit concentrations in accordance with regulatory guidelines. Under 
Pillar II, the Group’s concentration risk is also assessed to provide capital and manage the concentration risk 
prudently. CRM risk is assessed based on the quality of collateral, liquidity, volatility and the effectiveness of 
documentation, among other factors.
In addition, the Group has prudent internal portfolio exposure limits to manage concentration in various sectors. 
Portfolio exposure analysis is performed at regular intervals and, whenever required, the Group revises or limits 
its exposures to manage and contain risks. Additionally, concentration risk in the Group’s credit portfolio is 
managed by fixing internal limits for customer, sector and collateral concentrations. The Group has internally 
developed models to assess concentration risk in these areas. The Group’s exposure against its concentration 
limits (including any breaches) is assessed and reported to senior management at quarterly intervals as part of 
the internal capital adequacy assessment process.
Consumer credit risk management
The Group’s retail policies, controls and processes are in line with applicable regulations on consumer and 
instalment loans and credit cards. Retail loans are originated through theGroup’s branch network. The retail 
loans that comply with policy criteria are processed when approved by the necessary approving authorities 
within the retail lending unit. Exceptions are reviewed and approved independently by the risk management 
division. A separate retail lending unit reviews and ensures all necessary procedures and documentation are 
completed. The Group also reviews the retail portfolio for deterioration and has mechanisms for loan and 
instalment collections when past due.
Credit committees
The Group commits new credit lines only after obtaining necessary written approval from the appropriate level 
of authority. In order to ensure smooth day-to-day functioning of the credit approval and granting process, the 
Board has delegated credit approval authority to the following committees:

--- Page 162 ---
149

the BCIC; and

Management Credit Committee (the “MCC”).
All new credit proposals along with reviews of and material changes to existing credit facilities are evaluated 
and approved by the appropriate credit committee. The credit committees exercise the authorities vested in them 
in accordance with the approved charter and/or approval authority matrix. The Group’s international offices 
have their own hierarchy of credit committees.
The administration of credit facilities, compliance with approved terms and conditions, completion of facility 
and security documentation and regular post credit granting functions are carried out by an independent unit to 
ensure continuous monitoring and control of credit in accordance with the Group’s policies.
Classification of the loan portfolio
The Group rates its corporate borrowers from 1 to 10.
Credit monitoring
Credit monitoring is an integral part of the Group’s lending activity and is carried out by an independent unit 
to ensure that there is no conflict of interest with the business divisions. Credit monitoring is a continuous 
process that provides regular feedback about the account performance to identify early warning signals and take 
timely corrective actions, if any are required. Effective credit monitoring ensures proper usage of loan funds 
and reduces loan losses which in turn maximises returns to the Group.
Credit monitoring comprises the monitoring of:

the adherence of the borrower to the approved terms and conditions of a loan;

account performance to ensure regular conduct of account operations and the sustained financial position 
of the borrower;

adherence to the CBK and other statutory rules and regulations;

adherence to the Group’s policies, guidelines and procedures; and

completion of facility and security documentation.
The total portfolio credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis with formal monthly and quarterly reporting to 
ensure that senior management is aware of shifts in credit quality and portfolio performance as well as changing 
external factors such as economic and business cycles.
A specialised problem loan workout team handles the management and collection of problem credit facilities.
Credit risk mitigation strategy
CRM encompasses collateral management, credit guarantee and netting arrangements. Netting techniques are 
currently not employed by the Bank as a CRM technique. However, the Group has in place a system of collateral 
valuation and management. All listed equity collateral is valued daily, for collateral coverage determination. To 
manage the concentration risk of equity collateral, the Group has a stipulated percentage of paid-up capital of 
the borrower as the maximum that can be accepted as collateral.

--- Page 163 ---
150
To manage the quality of quoted equity collateral, equity shares have been graded in three groups based on the 
liquidity and financial strength of the equity, with Grade I representing the highest quality. The required 
collateral coverage increases from Grade I to Grade III.
In respect of real estate collateral, two valuations are considered. Real estate collateral is valued each year. The 
Bank normally accepts the following types of collateral:

equity shares and funds;

cash margins and fixed deposits; and

real estate comprising income-producing and non- income-producing assets.
Among other risk mitigants, the Group also insists on the assignment of insurance on inventories, plants and 
machinery and will also accept unlisted equity, guarantees of individuals, corporates and banks, based on their 
creditworthiness and rating grades.
In this respect, the Group has put in place specific policies over the types of collateral that are acceptable to it. 
In addition, it has set up processes to properly value the collateral support provided and to ensure that this 
support is secured legally, including by the requisite documentation. Adequate legal processes are in place to 
ensure that documentation is adequate. In addition, the valuations are continuously monitored to ensure 
adequate coverage over the credit exposures together with the concentration of collateral support on an 
aggregate basis against limits to ensure risk is maintained within collateral risk limits.
Guarantors who provide collateral support are assessed for their credit worthiness based on their financial 
strength and external ratings, if available. In the case of individuals, their personal net worth is taken into 
account, while for corporate guarantors, their financial strength is assessed and rated. External agency ratings 
are used in the case of financial institutions.
Loan provisioning and write-off
In line with regulatory instructions, the Bank calculates both (i) its expected credit loss (“ECL”) in accordance 
with the requirements of IFRS 9 and CBK instructions in this regard and (ii) its loan loss provisions in 
accordance with CBK instructions relating to the classification of credit facilities and the calculation of 
provisions and uses the higher of the two figures for reporting purposes.
Impairment of financial assets under IFRS 9 according to CBK guidelines
Under IFRS 9, the Group is required to record an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all loans 
and other debt type financial assets not held at fair value through profit and loss, together with loan 
commitments and financial guarantee contracts. At initial recognition, allowance is required for ECL resulting 
from default events that are possible within the next 12 months. In the event of a significant increase in credit 
risk, allowance is required for ECL resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of the 
financial instrument. For revolving facilities including credit cards and overdrafts, the Group measures ECLs 
over its contractual maturity period. For further information, see note 2.9 to the 2020 Financial Statements.
The Group has assessed the impairment provisions under IFRS 9 based on a set of inputs and assumptions that 
include available forward-looking information as economic inputs, significant credit deterioration parameters, 
probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default. Note 5.1 to the 2020 Financial Statements 
contains further details on the Group’s ECL calculations.
Provision for credit facilities in accordance with CBK Instructions

The Group is required to calculate provisions for credit losses on credit facilities in accordance with the 
instructions of the CBK on the classification of credit facilities and calculation of provisions. Credit

--- Page 164 ---
151
facilities are classified as past due when a payment has not been received on its contractual payment 
date or if the facility is in excess of pre-approved limits. A credit facility is classified as past due and 
impaired when the interest or a principal instalment is past due for more than 90 days and if the carrying 
amount of the facility is greater than its estimated recoverable value. Past due but not impaired and past 
due and impaired loans are managed and monitored as irregular facilities and are classified into the 
following categories which are then used to determine the provisions. Watchlist, irregular for a period 
up to and including 90 days;

Substandard, irregular for a period from and including 91 days and up to and including 180 days;

Doubtful, irregular for a period from and including 181 days and up to and including 365 days; and

Bad, irregular for a period exceeding 365 days.
The Group may also include a credit facility in one of the above categories based on management’s judgement 
of a customer’s financial and/or non-financial circumstances. Reports on watch list accounts and irregular 
credits are monitored on an ongoing basis by the Provision Committee that meets on a fortnightly basis. Reports 
on irregular credits are also presented to the BCIC on a quarterly basis.
In relation to credit facilities which have been rescheduled by agreement between the Group and the customer, 
any previously-made provision is required to be maintained to meet the rescheduled credit facilities. When 25 
per cent. of the rescheduled debt balance has been repaid, the Provision Committee may reduce the provision 
to an amount not less than 20 per cent. of the debt balance.
Provisioning for liabilities is made in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the CBK from time 
to time. In particular the required minimum specific provision is computed on the delinquent amount 
outstanding, based on the number of days of irregularity as shown in the table below:
Irregular days
Minimum provision
Between 90 days and 180 days
20 per cent.
Between 181 days and 365 days
50 per cent.
Over 365 days
100 per cent.
In addition, in accordance with CBK instructions, the Bank makes a minimum general provision on all credit 
facilities to customers (net of certain restricted categories of collateral to which CBK instructions are applicable) 
that are not specifically provided for. This general provision has to be maintained at minimum levels of 1 per 
cent. for cash facilities and 0.5 per cent. for non-cash facilities (net of certain categories of collateral) for all 
facilities in respect of which no specific provision has been made. For Bank branches and subsidiaries operating 
in overseas jurisdictions, local regulations also apply.
The Group also makes additional general provisions to cover the general credit and market risk inherent in the 
portfolio.
For a discussion of movements in the Group’s provisions for credit losses as at 31 December in each of 2020, 
2019 and 2018, see note 11 to the 2020 Financial Statements and note 10 to the 2019 Financial Statements.
Market Risk
Market risk is the risk of adverse impact on the value of assets, liabilities or revenue from market conditions or 
movements in market rates and prices.

--- Page 165 ---
152
Market-sensitive assets and liabilities are generated through loans, investments and customer and proprietary 
trading operations. For measuring market risk in the trading book, all positions are marked to market daily and
limits are approved and independently monitored. All exposures are independently monitored by the risk 
management division and appropriate limits are approved by the ALCO.
Market risk capital is also assessed under Pillar II for any concentration in trading positions, illiquidity in the 
markets and positions marked to model. The Group adopts a standardised approach to measuring its market 
risk.
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk represents the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in the values of current holdings and 
future cash flows denominated in other currencies. The types of instruments exposed to this risk include foreign 
currency-denominated loans and liabilities, future cash flows in foreign currencies arising from foreign 
exchange transactions, the Group’s proprietary positions and customers’ foreign exchange transactions.
The Group uses foreign exchange spot transactions, forward contracts, options and swaps to help insulate it 
against losses that may arise due to significant movements in foreign exchange rates. All foreign exchange 
exposures are managed by the Group’s treasury and are marked to market on a daily basis. Limits have also 
been assigned with respect to overnight open exposures, stop loss and authorised currencies to monitor and help 
control foreign exchange exposures. The Group also uses scenario analysis and stress tests to quantify foreign 
exchange risk. Risk Management independently monitors and reports the currency open position against the 
authorised limits on a daily basis.
See note 5.3.2 to the 2020 Financial Statements for an exchange rate sensitivity analysis based on a 5 per cent. 
change in the rate of exchange of certain currencies against the dinar.
Interest rate risk
The interest rate risk which the Group faces principally arises on account of a mismatch in re-pricing loans and 
deposits. The majority of the Bank’s loans are re-priced in line with changes in the CBK’s discount rate. 
However, the pricing of deposits is not linked to the CBK discount rate and so the interest rates on deposits do 
not necessarily get re-priced along with the re-pricing of loans. The mismatch that arises as a result gives rise 
to interest rate risk (basis risk). The other items in the Group’s statement of financial position carrying interest 
rate risk are treasury bills and bonds, central bank bonds and debt securities in the Group’s fixed income 
investment portfolio.
The Group’s overall goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not 
adversely affect its net interest income. Interest rate risk is measured as the potential volatility in net interest 
income caused by changes in market interest rates.
Exposures are quantified using interest rate re-pricing gaps. Earnings at risk limits are monitored and 
simulations used to estimate the impact of various interest rate scenarios on net interest income. These 
simulations incorporate assumptions of asset and liability re-pricing and maturity characteristics. Exposures 
against limits and simulation analysis are regularly monitored by the ALCO.
See note 5.3.1 to the 2020 Financial Statements for an interest rate sensitivity analysis based on a 25 basis point 
change in interest rates.
Under Pillar II, the Group carries out an internal assessment of capital for interest rate risk in the banking book 
and allocates specific capital for this risk.

--- Page 166 ---
153
Equity Price Risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equities decrease as a result of changes in the levels of equity 
indices and the value of individual stocks. The equity price risk exposure arises from the Bank’s investment 
held in its proprietary books. See note 5.3.3 to the 2020 Financial Statements for a sensitivity analysis based on 
a 5 per cent. change in equity indices.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, fund asset 
growth and business operations and meet contractual obligations through unconstrained access to funding at 
reasonable market rates.
The Group’s projected liquidity needs are analysed and optimum alternatives to manage the liquidity risk are 
recommended. The risk management division identifies liquidity at risk, which is monitored and reported daily. 
Liquidity management policies and a contingency liquidity plan have been established by the Bank.
A liquidity stress test is conducted quarterly to assess the impact of the withdrawal of deposits and crystallisation 
of contingent liabilities in mild, medium and severe scenarios, under both Group-specific and systemic 
scenarios. The concentration in deposits is monitored on a regular basis and reviewed by the ALCO.
Liquidity risk appetite has been put in place with the following parameters – liquid assets; total assets; loans to 
deposits; regulatory ratios (such as LCR and NSFR), cumulative negative maturity mismatch; funding source 
diversification; stress testing under a severe scenario; and capital consumption. These appetite parameters are 
used for managing liquidity risk and the exposure which the Group is willing to take, and to manage risk levels 
within appetite levels.
Liquidity risk is further reduced by the Bank’s adherence to the CBK’s liquidity requirements, which comprise:

maturity ladder mismatch limits for specific time periods: 10 per cent. for seven days or less; 20 per 
cent. for one month or less; 30 per cent. for three months or less; and 40 per cent. for six months or less;

a requirement to hold 18 per cent. of KD customer deposits booked in the Bank, in Kuwaiti government 
treasury bills and bonds, current account/deposit balances with the CBK and/or any other financial 
instruments issued by the CBK;

a requirement to keep sufficient funding against loan generation, as required by the CBK under its 
maximum available lending limit requirements; and

a requirement to maintain its LCR and NSFR, in each case at least at 100 per cent.
Under Pillar II, liquidity risk is assessed for Bank-specific and general market scenarios, and capital provided 
to manage the risk.
Note 5.2 to the 2020 Financial Statements contains maturity profiles of assets and liabilities based on contractual 
cash flows and maturity dates and on contractual undiscounted repayment arrangements.
Asset Liability Management Risk
The risk management division plays a critical role in assessing the risk embedded in the Group’s assets and 
liabilities. It recommends measures to manage the risks efficiently within the agreed risk appetite. The risk 
management division’s role includes assessing the volatility and concentration of revenues; effectiveness in 
pricing to cover costs and risk; and facilitating and setting risk-adjusted return on capital hurdle rates.
The variability of net interest income in different scenarios is monitored, aiming to maximise net interest income 
within acceptable risk levels. The risk management division seeks to optimise its balance sheet management by

--- Page 167 ---
154
conducting balance sheet reviews for managing yields through the optimal deployment of surplus liquidity and 
to manage costs by focusing on low-cost deposits and making recommendations to prudently manage cost of 
funds. Also, recommendations are made for the appropriate funding mix between local currency and foreign 
currency, thereby optimising the balance sheet returns within acceptable risk limits.
Operational Risk
Operational risk management
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems, or from external events.
Managing this risk relies on identifying risks that exist within the organisation; educating the employees on the 
operational risks they encounter in the course of their duties; and ensuring that the control framework works 
effectively.
The Group identifies and assesses the operational risk in products, activities, processes and systems. It also
ensures that the associated operational risks are properly assessed and mitigated, before any new products or 
services, activities, processes or systems are introduced.
Risk identification is vital to the development of viable operational risk monitoring and control systems. Risk 
identification considers internal factors such as the Group’s structure, the nature of its activities, the quality of 
its human resources, organisational changes and employee turnover. It also examines external factors such as 
changes in the industry, major political and economic changes, and technological advances.
Operational risk models
The Group has developed operational risk models (“ORMs”) that cover key risks identified in the Group’s 
business and support areas through a self-assessment exercise and/or other risk assessment methods. The risks 
highlighted in the ORMs are discussed with the respective business units and are reviewed by the Management 
Risk Committee.
The Group has an operational risk VaR model to quantify its exposure by systematically tracking and recording 
the frequency and severity of individual error and loss events, and other relevant information, and also measures 
the losses through the operational risk VaR model.
Under Pillar II, remaining operational risk is assessed, using the VaR model, to internally assess all material 
operational risks.
Legal risks are assessed as part of the operational risk VaR model, and capital is assessed based on the impact 
and likelihood of material legal risk issues.
The Group’s internal error/loss database captures material activities and exposures. It also tracks individual 
internal error/loss data (actual loss, potential loss, near misses and attempted frauds), mapping these into the 
relevant business lines. The Group also collects information about the date of events and recoveries, as well as 
descriptive information about the causes and drivers of the loss events. The loss data events collected are 
analysed and any deficiencies in the Group’s processes are remedied.
Control and mitigation of operational risk
The Bank has established policies, processes and procedures to control and mitigate material operational risks. 
It periodically reviews risk exposures and control strategies and adjusts the operational risk profile accordingly, 
using appropriate strategies in light of its overall risk appetite and profile. These include:

--- Page 168 ---
155

ensuring that there is appropriate segregation of duties, and that personnel are not assigned 
responsibilities that may create a conflict of interest, or enable them to conceal losses, errors or 
inappropriate actions;

implementing policies for managing risks associated with outsourcing activities. Outsourcing 
arrangements are based on robust contracts and service level agreements that ensure a clear allocation 
of responsibilities between external service providers and within the Group;

monitoring compliance with various regulatory and internal guidelines;

ensuring adequate internal audit coverage to verify that operating policies and procedures have been 
implemented effectively;

ensuring IT risk and IT security controls provide adequate IT processes for mitigating risks in IT systems 
and information security;

reviewing insurance cover to mitigate operational risk; and

implementing a disaster recovery plan and a business continuity plan. The disaster recovery plans are 
regularly tested for processing transactions from the disaster recovery site.
In line with the best practices in the industry, the Bank has also adopted a new model incorporating Pillar II 
capital requirements to meet its cyber-security risk. The new model complements the operational risk model 
(OpVar) for Pillar II capital assessment to specifically address cyber-security issues.
Strategic Risk
The Group defines strategic risk as the current or prospective impact on the Group’s earnings, capital and risks 
arising from changes in its operating environment, from adverse strategic decisions, improper implementation 
of decisions, or a lack of responsiveness to industry strength, economic direction or technological changes. The 
Group has a strategic risk framework to identify, measure, monitor and report strategic risk exposures. The 
principal strategic risks arise from:

an inadequate strategic governance framework;

an inadequate identification of factors that impact the strategy and/or business plans;

insufficient planning and resource allocation process;

failure in the execution of plans, projects and initiatives; and

issues related to environment dynamics – internal and external including products, services and Group 
practices.
Strategic risk is primarily assessed in terms of the controls available to mitigate such risks and the Group’s 
ability to successfully implement its goals under its long-term strategic plan. Matrices have been developed to 
monitor and measure risk, using a scorecard process to assess strategic risks to the strategic plan, and to consider 
whether the Group has adequate capacity to withstand those risks against the stated/approved risk appetite. 
Capital is assessed based on a metric score, taking into account all strategic initiatives that impact the business 
and earnings through a self-assessment exercise.

--- Page 169 ---
156
Reputational Risk
Reputational risk is defined as the risk of a current or prospective negative impact on the Group’s earnings or 
capital arising from damage to the Group’s reputation in the perception of major stakeholders. The Group seeks 
to manage reputational risk through a reputational risk management framework that focuses on:

identifying key reputational risk indicators under each driver;

establishing the roles and responsibilities of different entities in the reputational risk assessment and 
management process; and

developing a formalised and structured approach for managing risks to the Group’s reputation.
The Group has identified various reputational risk indicators and has classified these under 12 drivers: customer 
satisfaction; financial soundness; corporate governance; management integrity; business practice; risk 
management and control environment; regulatory compliance; transparency; media and rumours; corporate 
culture; staff competence; and crisis management. These parameters are used for assessing and managing 
reputational risk.
Under Pillar II, the Group assesses reputational risk based on reputational risk scorecards to assess risk through 
key drivers that influence the Group’s reputation in the perception of its significant stakeholders.
Derivatives
The Group utilises derivative financial instruments in the ordinary course of its business to manage its exposure
to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates. A derivative financial instrument is a financial contract 
between two parties where payments are dependent upon movements in the price of one or more underlying 
financial instruments, reference rates or indices. Derivative transactions result, to varying degrees, in credit as 
well as market risks. The Group transacts in derivative instruments both as principal, solely to manage its own 
financial risk, and on behalf of its clients. In the latter case, the Group covers the exposure which it assumes on 
a back-to-back basis with market counterparties to avoid taking any market risk. The Group is currently party 
to interest rate swaps for its own account and forward foreign exchange contracts for its own account and on 
behalf of clients. The fair values and contractual amounts of its positions in these instruments as at 31 December 
in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018 are listed in note 28 to the 2020 Financial Statements and note 27 to the 2019 
Financial Statements.
For own account transactions, the Group has a limits structure based on the tenor of the contract and the risks 
which are a function of the volatility of the underlying. Counterparty limits structures are in place by product 
limits, including for daily maximum delivery risk.
Compliance
Overview
The Group’s compliance function is responsible for overseeing and managing compliance aspects across the 
Group through a robust compliance framework. It also ensures the Group’s compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations and CBK and CMA guidelines and internal instructions. The compliance function is headed by 
the General Manager Board Affairs.
The compliance framework consists of compliance policies and procedures and compliance is monitored 
through timely reports.

--- Page 170 ---
157
The Group’s compliance programme is built on a foundation of a sound understanding of the appropriate 
regulatory requirements, communicating internally compliance requirements and advising deviations through 
effective monitoring and review mechanisms, and escalating breaches for remedial action.
Anti-money laundering (“AML”) and counter-terrorism financing (“CTF”)
The Group’s AML and CTF measures take account of the Financial Action Task Force recommendations, 
international sanctions lists (such as those of the United Nations, the European Union and the US Office for 
Foreign Assets Control), applicable AML-related laws and regulations and the guidelines of the central banks 
of the countries in which it operates.
The Group’s AML/CTF policies apply customer due diligence principles for applicants and customers which 
include the following:

all new customers being identified and verified;

all customers being screened against all prohibited lists to ensure full compliance with international 
sanctions lists; and

all outward and inward transfers being screened to comply with all sanctions lists.
Customer transactions are monitored on a daily basis under a risk-based approach to ensure that no money 
laundering transactions are conducted. In addition, the Group conducts enhanced due diligence in relation to 
high-risk customers.
Internal Audit
The Group’s internal audit division is an independent function that reports to the Board Audit Committee. The 
Board Audit Committee has three non-executive members, including its Chairman and meets at least quarterly.
The Board Audit Committee’s main responsibilities are to:

review the scope, findings and adequacy of the Group’s internal and external audit;

consider accounting issues having a material impact on the financial statements;

review the Group’s internal control systems and ensure that resources provided for control functions are 
sufficient; and

review the Group’s financial statements before they are presented to the Board and ensure that all 
provisions made are adequate.
The internal audit division is headed by the Chief Internal Auditor. Its primary role is to evaluate and improve 
the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management, control, and governance processes through independent and 
objective reviews of the Group’s operations, risk management framework, processes, policies and governance 
arrangements. The division undertakes its activities through an approved risk-based audit plan.
Internal audit results are discussed with the Group’s management and reported to the Board Audit Committee. 
All internal audit findings are discussed with management and tracked through an electronic issue tracking 
system. Updates on the status of audit findings are presented to the Board Audit Committee.
A continuous auditing process has been implemented with the objectives of raising control-related issues 
outside the routine audit cycle and laying the foundations, with other assurance providers, to introduce synergies 
in the overall efforts of the second and third lines of defence, whilst maintaining internal audit’s objectivity and 
independence.

--- Page 171 ---
158
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
Management
Corporate governance framework
The Group’s corporate governance framework is based on principles and standards defined by regulatory 
authorities and leading professional bodies, and is embedded into the day-to-day business and practices of the 
Group. The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and business integrity 
and has established a reputation for abiding by business ethics. The Bank continually takes steps to reinforce 
its governance framework based on the firm conviction that corporate governance is the best foundation for 
principled long term growth.
The Bank’s Board constantly strives to ensure that sound corporate governance practices are laid down and 
followed, that can best safeguard the interest of the Bank and all of its stakeholders, thereby maintaining the 
Bank’s reputation and upholding stakeholder confidence. Towards this, the Bank has established an organisation 
structure that promotes accountability and transparency.
The Group is committed to a policy of promoting fair and timely disclosures of its activities on its website and 
its annual report in line with the regulations issued by CBK, CMA or other relevant authorities, and in line with 
its national and social responsibilities. This policy covers key quantitative and qualitative information related 
to financial performance and financial stability, risk management factors, remuneration, corporate governance, 
related-party transactions, conflicts of interest and substantial changes in business.
The Bank is highly conscious of its role in Kuwaiti society, not just as a provider of essential business services 
but as a catalyst in the well-being and development of the community at large. Initiating and supporting health 
and education projects, sponsoring sports events, and providing patronage for cultural activities are all part of 
the Bank’s extensive commitment to corporate social responsibility.
Board
The Group operates under the direction of the Board, which comprises 11 elected members, of which two are 
independent members. Each member of the Board is elected during a shareholders’ general assembly meeting 
for a period of three years and each member can be re-elected for an unlimited number of additional three-year 
terms. In line with CBK requirements, the Board convenes at least six times per year and at least once each 
quarter. The Board convened seven times in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group, including overseeing the implementation of its strategic 
direction and objectives, risk appetite and strategy, corporate governance, and corporate values. The Board also 
appoints certain members of the executive management team. It also monitors and oversees the actions of the 
executive management team, including their performance against the performance targets set by the Board.
It is the Bank’s policy that the roles of the Chairman and Group CEO are separate and independent of one 
another, and held by different individuals with a clear segregation of duties and responsibilities. The Chairman’s 
responsibilities include leading and managing the Board to ensure it operates effectively and fully discharges 
its legal and regulatory responsibilities. The Chairman is pivotal in creating the conditions for overall 
effectiveness of the Board and individual directors.
The table below shows the names of the members of the Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Name 
Position
Talal Mohamed Reza Yousuf Behbehani
Chairman

--- Page 172 ---
159
Salah Ahmed Al Serhan
Deputy Chairman
Ali Ebrahim Hejji Hussain Marafi
Board Member and Chairman of ABK - Egypt
Khalid Othman Abdulwahab Al Othman
Board Member
Khaled Abdullah Mohammed Al Mishari
Board Member
Sulaiman Abdallah Sulaiman Al Muraikhi
Board Member
Adel Ibrahim Yali Ahmed Behbehani
Board Member
Ali Mohammed Abdullah Al Shuraidah
Board Member
Ali Abdallah Mohammad Al Baghli
Board Member
Raed Abdulkareem Al Moamen
Independent Board Member
Zaid Khaldoun Hassan Al Naqeeb
Independent Board Member
Detailed below is brief biographical information about each member of the Board.
Talal Mohamed Reza Yousuf Behbehani
Chairman
Mr. Talal Behbehani has been a Board Member since March 2007. He was elected Chairman of the Board in 
December 2014, having served as Deputy Chairman of the Board since March 2014. Mr. Talal Behbehani is the 
Chairman of the Board Credit and Investment Committee and the Board Corporate Governance Committee.
Mr. Talal Behbehani has served as Deputy Chairman of the Board of Kuwait Insurance Co. since 2004 and as 
a Board Member of A’ayan Leasing Co. since 1999, and was previously a Board Member of the Industrial Bank 
of Kuwait between the period 1996 to 1999 and 2003 to 2007.
Mr. Talal Behbehani holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1992).
Salah Ahmed Al Serhan
Deputy Chairman
Mr. Salah Al Serhan has been a Board Member since 1987 and was elected Deputy Chairman of the Board in 
December 2014.
Mr. Al Serhan also served on the Board of Kuwait Clearing Co. from 1988 to 2015.
Mr. Al Serhan holds a Diploma in Electronic Engineering from Heald College, USA (1965).
Ali Ebrahim Hejji Hussain Marafi
Board Member and Chairman of ABK - Egypt
Mr. Ali Marafi has been a Board Member since 2004 and has been the Chairman of ABK - Egypt since 2015. 
He is the Chairman of the Board Compensation Committee and the Board Monitoring Committee, and is the 
Deputy Chairman of the Board Corporate Governance Committee and Board Nomination Committee.
Mr. Marafi has served on the Board of UBAC since 2004 and Commercial Facilities Co. since 1992, where he 
has been the Chairman since 2013. He previously served on the Boards of United Real Estate Co. (K.S.C.P) in 
1995, where he was Vice-Chairman between 1998 and 2019, Union De Banques Arabes Et Françaises – Paris 
between 2004 and 2020, Union De Banques Arabes Et Françaises – Hong Kong between 2004 and 2017, 
Financial and General Bank – London between 1998 and 2003, and American Real Estate Services Co. as 
Chairman between 1995 and 1998.

--- Page 173 ---
160
Mr. Marafi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1973).
Khaled Othman Abdulwahab Al Othman
Board Member
Mr. Khaled Al Othman has been a Board Member since 2004 and was also on the Board of ABK - Egypt from 
2015 to 2018. He is a member of the Board Credit and Investment Committee.
Mr. Al Othman previously served on the boards of Gulf Bank between 1992 and 1999, Kuwait National Cinema 
Co. between 1984 and 2004 as Deputy Chairman, Al Hamra Real Estate between 2004 and 2014 as Deputy 
Chairman and CEO, and Ajial Real Estate & Entertainment Co. between 1999 and 2014 as Chairman and 
Managing Director. He was a Member of the Board of the French Kuwaiti Bank and the Swiss Kuwaiti Bank 
from 1981 to 1990, a Board Member of the Real Estate Investment Group from 1979 to 1981, a Board Member 
of the Kuwaiti Real Estate Bank from 1978 to 1980 and the General Manager of Pearl Real Estate Company 
from 1980 to 1987.
Mr. Al Othman holds a Bachelor’s degree in Statistics and Economics from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1978).
Khaled Abdullah Mohammed Al Mishari
Board Member
Mr. Khaled Al Mishari has been a Board Member since 2013. He is the Deputy Chairman of the Board 
Compensation Committee and is a member of the Board Corporate Governance Committee.
Mr. Al Mishari has also served on the boards of Kuwait Cement Co. between 1975 and 2008, Gulf Bank between 
1976 and 1989, Kuwait Commercial Facilities Co. between 1977-1983, National Industries Company between 
1985 and 2005, Kuwait United Bank - London between 1983 and 1989, Kuwait International Investment 
Company between 1981 and 1985, and Paribas Bank - Paris between 1982 and 1984. He also served as 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Al-Mabani Company between 2000 and 2005, and was a Member of the 
Higher Council of Planning between 1984 and 1989.
Mr. Al Mishari holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1971).
Sulaiman Abdullah Sulaiman Al Muraikhi
Board Member
Mr. Sulaiman Al Muraikhi was reappointed as a Board Member in March 2015, and was previously a Board 
Member between 2009 and 2012. He is a member of the Board Credit and Investment Committee.
Mr. Al Muraikhi served on the Board of ABK - Egypt between 2015 and 2018. He is a former Board Member 
of Kuwait Finance & Investment Co. from 2004 to 2009, Wafra International Investment Co. from 1994 to 
2014, and Real Estate Trading Co. from 2007 to 2009.
Mr. Al Muraikhi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Helwan University, Egypt (1977).
Adel Ibrahim Yali Ahmad Behbehani
Board Member
Mr. Adel Behbehani has been a Board Member since March 2016. He is also a member of the Board Credit and 
Investment Committee, Board Nomination Committee, Board Compensation Committee, and Board 
Monitoring Committee.

--- Page 174 ---
161
Mr. Adel Behbehani was previously a Credit Manager with Gulf Bank between 1987 and 1999 and a Senior 
Executive Manager with Commercial Bank of Kuwait between 1999 and 2013. He also served as a Member of 
the Board of Al-Mutajara Real Estate Company from 2005 to 2009.
Mr. Adel Behbehani holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1987).
Ali Mohammed Abdullah Al Shuraidah
Board Member
Mr. Ali Al Shuraidah has been a Board Member of the Bank since March 2016. He is also a member of the 
Board Audit Committee and Board Risk Committee.
Mr. Al Shuraidah has held leading positions in both public and private sectors, the most recent of which was 
General Manager of the Central Agency for Information Technology (2010) in the public sector 
(Undersecretary, First Grade), and Chairman of AAN Digital Holding Company (2019) in the private sector. 
He is a member of a number of professional societies, as well as a credited engineer and consultant at the 
Ministry of Electricity and Water and the Kuwaiti Society of Engineers.
Mr. Al Shuraidah holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Tulsa University, USA (1973) and 
a Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Ohio University, USA (1978).
Ali Abdallah Mohammad Al Baghli
Board Member
Mr. Ali Al Baghli was appointed as a Board Member in April 2021. He is a member of the Board Credit and 
Investment Committee.
Mr. Al Baghli is a Board Member of First Fuel Co. since 2014, and previously served as the Assistant 
Undersecretary of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry between 2004 and 2012. Mr. Al Baghli also 
previously served as a Board Member of the Central Bank of Kuwait, as a deputy representative and 
representative of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, between 2004 and 2012.
Mr. Al Baghli holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Business Administration degree from Helwan University, 
Egypt (1979).
Raed Abdulkareem Al Moamen
Independent Board Member
Mr. Raed Al Moamen has been a Board Member since 2019 and became an Independent Board Member in 
2020. Mr. Al Moamen is the Chairman of the Board Audit Committee, Deputy Chairman of the Board Risk 
Committee, and a member of the Board Compensation Committee and Board Monitoring Committee.
Mr. Al Moamen has over 27 years of experience in accounting, auditing and financial and investment 
consulting, gained at banks, investment companies, accounting and consulting firms. He started his career with 
the Bank in 1988 and has since worked with Gulf Bank as Assistant Internal Auditor from 1989 to 1991, KPMG 
as Senior Internal Auditor from 1991 to 1997, Commercial Bank of Kuwait as Assistant Finance Manager from 
1997 to 1998, BDO from 1998 to 2000, Al-Shall Investment Company from 2000 to 2015, and S&O Consulting, 
where he has worked as a Certified Public Accountant & Partner since 2016.
Mr. Al Moamen holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1988) and a Master’s 
of Business Administration (“MBA”) from the University of Strathclyde, UK (2002). He is a Certified Public 
Accountant (1998) in Colorado, USA, and a Member of ACCA, UK (2018).

--- Page 175 ---
162
Zaid Khaldoun Hassan Al Naqeeb
Independent Board Member
Mr. Zaid Al Naqeeb was appointed as an Independent Board Member in April 2021. He is also the Chairman 
of the Board Nomination Committee and Board Risk Committee, the Deputy Chairman of the Board Audit 
Committee, and a member of the Board Corporate Governance Committee.
Mr. Al Naqeeb previously served as a Board Member of Al Massaleh Real Estate Co., House Finance Company 
and United Real Estate Company. Mr. Al Naqeeb started his career in 1983 and has extensive experience 
working in the private and public sectors in Kuwait, including serving as the Executive Vice President and Head 
of Asset Management Department at Kamco Invest between 2006 and 2012, and the Division Director of 
Strategies and Performance Management at the Capital Markets Authority between 2012 and 2018.
Mr. Al Naqeeb holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1983).
Board committees
The Board has established seven Board Committees, which are described below. The roles and authority of the 
Board committees are defined and delegated by the Board and are described in each committee’s charter. The 
Board committees submit reports to the Board depending on the nature of the tasks assigned to them.
Board Audit Committee
The Board Audit Committee (“BAC”) is responsible for overseeing the Group’s internal control framework. 
The BAC is responsible for assessing the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control framework, including 
regulatory compliance, on a periodic basis through the evaluations carried out by the Group’s internal audit 
function. The BAC reports the results of its assessment on the adequacy of existing controls and processes to 
the Board. The committee makes recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment, termination and 
remuneration of the external auditors and the contractual terms of their appointment. The BAC is also 
responsible for monitoring the performance of the Group’s external auditors and coordinating with them on 
subjects related to audit and financial statements.
Board Credit and Investment Committee
The Board Credit and Investment Committee (“BCIC”) is responsible for reviewing and approving credit and 
investment proposals where the limits exceed the management committee’s approval authority, managing the 
Group’s credit and investment exposures and administering its credit and investment related policies. 
Membership of the BCIC does not overlap with membership in the BRC or the BAC.
Board Corporate Governance Committee
The Board Corporate Governance Committee (“BCGC”) assesses the Group’s corporate governance 
framework, reviews and updates the corporate governance manual and develops new corporate governance 
policies, reviews the structure and composition of the Board and its committees, as well as their respective 
charters, and reviews and recommends the Group’s corporate governance disclosures to the Board.
Board Nomination Committee
The Board Nomination Committee (“BNC”) is responsible for overseeing the Group’s succession planning 
process and for nominating potential Board members and ensuring that Board members are continuously 
updated on relevant banking issues, including the verification of the requirements necessary to ensure the 
independence of the independent board members.

--- Page 176 ---
163
Board Compensation Committee
The Board Compensation Committee (“BCC”) is responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing all Board 
remuneration matters and is accountable for developing the Group’s remuneration and performance 
management policies, ensuring coherent remuneration policies that attract and retain key individuals. The BCC 
regularly reviews its policies and its effectiveness.
Board Risk Committee
The Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s risk profile, risk 
strategy, risk appetite and risk controls and oversees the manner in which executive management implements 
the risk strategy, the risk framework and the risk policies of the Group. The BRC also reviews the assumptions 
and methodologies used in the computation of the Group’s internal capital adequacy assessment process and 
the stress testing of various risks, to assess the impact on capital adequacy.
Board Monitoring Committee over UAE Branches
The Board Monitoring Committee (“BMC”) is responsible for monitoring the operations of the Group’s UAE 
branches against the Board’s approved business and operating strategy, in accordance with the risk appetite set. 
The BMC oversees the adherence of its UAE branches to the applicable regulatory authorities in the UAE.
Executive management
The Group’s executive management team is responsible for day-to-day supervision and control of the Group’s 
business, particularly with respect to ensuring functionality of compliance and risk control, independence of 
functions, and separation of duties. Business policies, accounting policies and operations procedures and 
controls are documented and communicated through policies and standard operating procedures manuals which 
cover all areas and activities of the Group. All significant policies are reviewed and approved by the Board.
The Bank’s executive management team comprises:
Name 
Position
Georges Richani
Group Chief Executive Officer
Abdulla Al Sumait
Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer
Loai Muqames
Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait
Sahar Al Rumaih
Deputy CEO – Corporate Banking
Fawzy Al Thunayan
General Manager – Board Affairs and Chairman of Ahli 
Capital
Jamal Ahmad
Group Chief Risk Officer
Shiamak Soonawalla
Group Chief Finance Officer
Somnath Menon
Group Chief Operating Officer
Balwant Bains
Group Chief Internal Auditor
Noura Alduweesh
Acting General Manager – Treasury and Investments
Yasmine Salamah
General Manager – International Corporates and 
Structured Finance Division
Samir Al Yakoob
General Manager – Digital Transformation
Johair Marafi
Acting General Manager – Retail Banking
Salem Al Sarraf
General Manager – Chief Information Officer

--- Page 177 ---
164
Mohammad Al Bloushi
General Manager – Operations
Khaled Yakhlef
Acting Head of Legal
Afrah Al Arbash
Acting General Manager – Human Resources
Omar Wahby
Chief Executive Officer – UAE
Tom Lind
Senior Executive Officer – DIFC
Khaled El Salawy
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, ABK –
Egypt
Georges Richani
Group Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Georges Richani joined the Bank as Group Chief Executive Officer in November 2020 with over 37 years 
of banking experience.
Mr. Richani joined National Bank of Kuwait (“NBK”) in 1987 and was the CEO of the Group of Overseas 
Branches and Subsidiaries since 2012, with operations in 15 countries spread over four continents. At NBK, he 
was also a member of numerous management committees and served as a Board Member of several 
subsidiaries. He has extensive experience in Treasury Management as well as Capital Market Investment
Management and International Credit.
Mr. Richani holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the American University of Beirut, Lebanon (1984) and 
an MBA with honors from the City University in London, UK (1997).
Abdulla Al Sumait
Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Abdulla Al Sumait joined the Bank in 2000 and is the Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer, as well as a 
member of several management committees.
Mr. Al Sumait currently also serves on the Board of the Shared Electronic Banking Services Company
(“KNET”). His career in banking spans over 40 years during which he held various senior positions including 
General Manager of Corporate Banking at Gulf Bank and the Bank. Mr. Al Sumait was the Chairman of Ahli 
Capital Investment Co. and served on the Board of Bank of Bahrain & Kuwait between 2001 and 2008.
Mr. Al Sumait holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1976) and a Diploma 
from the Institute of Banking Studies (1979).
Loai Muqames
Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait
Mr. Loai Muqames joined the Bank in 2020 as the Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait with over 30 years in 
banking experience.
Mr. Muqames currently also serves on the Board of KNET. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Muqames was the 
Chief Country Manager of Doha Bank - Kuwait. His previous roles include CEO of Kuwait International Bank, 
General Manager of the Corporate Credit Division of the Commercial Bank of Kuwait, as well as Credit 
Manager at Gulf Bank.
Mr. Muqames holds a Diploma in Banking from Commercial Studies College (1984) and a Bachelor’s degree 
in Business Administration from Kuwait University, Kuwait (1987).

--- Page 178 ---
165
Sahar Al Rumaih
Deputy CEO – Corporate Banking
Mrs. Sahar Al Rumaih joined the Bank as Deputy CEO – Corporate Banking in 2021. She has over 30 years in 
banking experience, of which 21 years were with Commercial Bank of Kuwait from 2000 to 2021 and 10 years 
with Burgan Bank from 1988 to 1998.
Mrs. Al Rumaih has been a member of numerous internal and external committees.  She was also on the Boards 
of First Hotels Co (2017-2021), CBK Capital (2010-2012) and K-Net (2020-2021).
Mrs. Al Rumaih  holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics from Kuwait University (1988).
Fawzy Al Thunayan
General Manager – Board Affairs and Chairman of Ahli Capital
Mr. Fawzy Al Thunayan joined the Bank in 2014 as the General Manager of Board Affairs and has been the 
Chairman of Ahli Capital since 2016.
Mr. Al Thunayan has over 40 years of experience in the banking and investments industry, spending ten years 
with local investment companies and 16 years with the Central Bank of Kuwait as the Manager of the Foreign 
Operations Department. Prior to joining the Bank, he was the General Manager of Board Affairs at Gulf Bank 
between 2007 and 2013.
Mr. Al Thunayan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Management from the Catholic University of America, 
USA (1980).
Jamal Ahmad
Group Chief Risk Officer
Mr. Jamal Ahmad joined the Bank in 2000 and has been on the Board of ABK - Egypt since 2019.
Before joining the Bank, Mr. Jamal Ahmad was with the risk management department of Burgan Bank. He has 
over 30 years of experience in different banking sectors, including corporate finance, international syndications, 
investment, merchant banking and trade finance.
Mr. Jamal Ahmad holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics (Honors) from St. Xavier’s College, Calcutta, India 
(1978) and a Master’s degree in Economics from the University of Calcutta, India (1981).
Shiamak Soonawalla
Group Chief Finance Officer
Mr. Shiamak Soonawalla joined the Bank in 2004 and has been on the Board of ABK - Egypt since 2019.
Mr. Soonawalla has over 25 years of experience in the financial services industry, covering financial 
management, auditing and consulting practices in the Middle East. Before joining the Bank, he held senior 
executive and executive positions with Ernst & Young in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, and with National 
Commercial Bank in Saudi Arabia.
Mr. Soonawalla holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Bombay, India (1984) and is a 
Chartered Accountant (India) and a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

--- Page 179 ---
166
Somnath Menon
Group Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Somnath Menon joined the Bank in 2015 and has over 35 years of experience in banking.
Mr. Menon was previously with Citibank for 20 years, and thereafter joined Mashreq Bank, UAE as Group 
Head of Operations and Technology for nine years where he undertook several transformational changes in 
best-in-class technologies.
Mr. Menon holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Bangalore University, India (1974), a Master’s degree in 
Change Management from Brighton University, UK (2001) and successfully completed the Advanced 
Management Program from Oxford University, UK.
Balwant Bains
Group Chief Internal Auditor
Mr. Balwant Bains joined the Bank in 2008 and has been on the Board of ABK - Egypt since 2019.
Mr. Bains has over 25 years of experience in the financial services industry, having worked in banks and 
consulting firms in the UK and Kuwait. Before joining the Bank, he was Head of Market and Operational Risk 
at the National Bank of Kuwait.
Mr. Bains holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Studies from London Guildhall University, UK (1995) and is 
a Certified Internal Auditor and Certified Information System Auditor.
Noura Alduweesh
Acting General Manager – Treasury and Investments
Ms. Noura Alduweesh joined the Bank in 2021. 
Ms. Alduweesh has over 18 years of banking experience, most of which was with HSBC, in various roles 
covering all areas of Treasury. Prior to joining the Bank, she held the position of Head of Treasury (Global 
Markets) at HSBC. She was also an active member of a number of committees at HSBC including the Executive 
Committee, ALCO, Risk Committee and Compliance Committee. 
Ms. Alduweesh holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English Literature from Kuwait University and an MBA from 
Maastricht School of Management (2012). She is also a member of the Kuwait forex Association.
Yasmine Salamah
General Manager – International Corporates and Structured Finance Division
Ms. Yasmine Salamah joined the Bank in November 2003 and has over 15 years of experience in Corporate 
Banking and Finance.
Ms. Salamah oversees the Bank’s Project and Corporate Finance transactions, Bond Issuances, and Cash 
Management products. She has served on the Board of Ahli Capital Investment Company since 2016, and was 
also a Board Member of Kuwait Finance and Investment Company between 2012 and 2019.
Ms. Salamah holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the American University of Beirut, 
Lebanon (2003) and has completed the program for Leadership Development at Harvard University, USA.

--- Page 180 ---
167
Samir Al Yakoob
General Manager – Digital Transformation
Mr. Samir Al Yakoob joined the Bank in 2021 with over 30 years of experience in information technology and 
business process automation and transformation.
Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Al Yakoob was the Head of Applications – IT division at the Capital Markets 
Authority between 2013 and 2021, and had previously assumed a number of roles with the National Bank of 
Kuwait between 2003 and 2013.
Mr. Al Yakoob holds a Master’s in Computer Science from George Washington University, USA (1993) and a 
Bachelor’s in Mathematics and Computer Science from Eastern Michigan University, USA (1987).
Johair Marafi
Acting General Manager – Retail Banking
Mrs. Johair Marafi joined the Bank in 2000 and was previously a Board member of KNET between 2018 and 
2020.
Mrs. Marafi has over 20 years of experience in retail banking, having served her entire career with the Bank 
under various roles before being appointed as the Acting General Manager of the Retail Banking division.
Mrs. Marafi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Kuwait University, Kuwait (2000).
Salem Al Sarraf
General Manager – Chief Information Officer
Mr. Salem Al Sarraf joined the Bank in 2006 and has over 30 years of experience in systems development and 
IT project management.
Mr. Al Sarraf was previously an Assistant General Manager at the Bank between 2006 and 2015, Assistant 
Development Manager at KNET between 2005 and 2006, IT Development Manager at Burgan Bank between 
2000 and 2005, and Application Development Manager at Kuwait Real Estate Bank between 1990 and 2000.
Mr. Al Sarraf holds a Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Kuwait University, Kuwait (2006), a 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science from Iowa State University, USA (1990), and has completed a 
Leadership Development program at Harvard University, USA.
Mohammad Al Bloushi
General Manager - Operations
Mr. Mohammad Al Bloushi joined the Bank in 2021 with over 29 years of experience in organisational strategy 
and project management.
Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Al Bloushi held various positions at the National Bank of Kuwait, including 
Deputy Head of Operations Group between 2008 and 2021.
Mr. Al Bloushi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems from California State University 
– Fullerton, USA (1992).
Khaled Yakhlef
Acting Head of Legal
Mr. Khaled Yakhlef joined the Bank in 2003 with over 20 years of experience in legal affairs.

--- Page 181 ---
168
Mr. Yakhlef previously worked at Pohl Consulting & Associates as a legal expert.
Mr. Yakhlef holds a PhD in Public Law and a Master’s of Law in International Organisations and European 
Law from the University of Clermont 1, France (2002, 1997); he also holds a Bachelor’s of Law from the 
University of Jordan, Jordan (1994).
Afrah Al Arbash
Acting General Manager – Human Resources
Ms. Afrah Al Arbash joined the Bank in 2020 with more than 17 years of experience in the areas of manpower 
development, compensation, recruitment and labour law and has worked in multiple industries including oil 
and gas, arts and culture, and banking.
Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Al Arbash was the Head of Human Resources for Kuwait National Cultural 
District and has also held positions at Kuwait Energy, HSBC, and Global Investment House.
Ms. Al Arbash holds a Bachelor’s degree in International Relations from Kent State University, USA (2003).
Omar Wahby
Chief Executive Officer - UAE
Mr. Omar Wahby joined the Bank in 2020 and has over 27 years of experience in franchise management, 
corporate and investment banking, and corporate advisory across the Middle East and North Africa region.
Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Deputy CEO of the International Banking Group at the National Bank of 
Kuwait (NBK), where he also was a Board member of NBK - Egypt. Mr. Wahby also held various positions at 
Citibank - UAE, BNP Paribas - Egypt, HC Securities, and Egyptian American Bank prior to that.
Mr. Wahby holds a Bachelor’s degree in Communication and Electronics from Cairo University, Egypt (1991) 
and an MBA from Boston University, USA (1997).
Tom Lind
Senior Executive Officer - DIFC
Mr. Tom Lind joined the Bank in 2015 as Head of Regional Corporate Finance and was subsequently appointed 
as Senior Executive Officer, DIFC Branch, in March 2018.
Prior to joining the Bank, he was Head of Corporate Finance at Commercial Bank of Qatar, Gulf Bank, Kuwait 
and Arab Bank Capital. Mr. Lind had a 20-year career with ABN AMRO Bank, where he specialised in 
structured and corporate finance and worked in the international network across Europe.
Mr. Lind holds a Master’s of Science degree in Economics from the University of Amsterdam, Netherlands 
(1987).
Khaled El Salawy
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, ABK - Egypt
Mr. Khaled El Salawy joined the Bank in 2016 as the CEO and Managing Director of ABK – Egypt, and has 
over 25 years of experience in the banking sector in Egypt.
Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Deputy CEO of Union National Bank between 2013 and 2016, and prior 
to that, assumed various roles in corporate banking at AlexBank – Intesa SanPaolo Group between 2006 and 
2018.

--- Page 182 ---
169
Mr. El Salawy holds a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science from the American University of Cairo, Egypt 
(1993).
Management Committees
The Group’s principal management committees are:
Management Credit Committee
The MCC approves and recommends credit proposals and other credit-related matters delegated to it by the 
Board. There are two management credit committees: one for corporate banking in Kuwait and the other for 
international business, including the UAE and Egypt. Both are headed by the Group CEO as Chairman, with 
the Deputy Group CEO as Deputy Chairman and the Chief Risk Officer as a non-voting member. The other 
members are the General Manager, Corporate Banking for the corporate MCC; and the General Manager, 
Global Financial Institutions division and Senior Executive Officer for the DIFC Branch for the international 
MCC. Other functions of the MCC include overseeing the implementation of credit risk frameworks, review of 
portfolios and devising strategies for improving asset quality reviews.
Provision Committee
The Provision Committee comprises the Group CEO as Chairman, the Deputy Group CEO, the Chief Risk 
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. The Committee reviews financial and other related information on 
provision estimates, makes recommendations to the BRC and the Board on provision requirements and instructs 
business units to implement remedial and recovery actions.
Management Risk Committee
The Management Risk Committee comprises the Group CEO as Chairman, the Deputy Group CEO as Deputy 
Chairman, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. The Committee 
reviews the Group’s risk profile, initiates corrective action to address urgent or critical operational risk and IT 
risk and information security issues, gives instructions to enhance processes to mitigate risks and implement 
Board approved risk management frameworks, and approves settlement of funds for fraud and operational 
errors with customers, banks and other legal entities. It updates the BRC on risks and corrective action.
ALCO
The ALCO comprises the Group CEO as Chairman, the Deputy Group CEO, the Chief Risk Officer, the General 
Manager, Treasury and Investments, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Manager - Corporate Banking, the 
General Manager – Global Financial Institutions division and the General Manager - Retail Banking. The ALCO 
reviews and recommends to the BRC limits for market, interest and liquidity risks, reviews regulatory and 
internal ratio requirements, determines the composition of the Group’s assets and liabilities considering 
business and environmental factors, reviews risks in the asset and liability profile of the Group and participates 
in the Bank’s capital adequacy assessment, stress testing and capital planning processes.
Investment Committee
The Investment Committee comprises the Group CEO as Chairman, the Deputy Group CEO, the General 
Manager - Treasury and Investments, the General Manager - Global Financial Institutions division, the Chief 
Financial Officer and the Chief Risk Officer as a non-voting member. The Committee oversees and ensures that

--- Page 183 ---
170
investment activities are aligned to strategic objectives and operate within the policy and governance rules of 
the Group. It recommends annual investment limits, including investment plans, to the BCIC. It sets investment 
limits and grants approvals, reviews and makes recommendations on policy matters relating to investments and 
ensures that proper controls are in place relating to investments.
Business addresses and conflicts
The business address of each member of the Board and each member of executive management is Al Ahli Bank 
of Kuwait K.S.C.P., Head Office, Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P. Building, Ahmad Al Jaber Street, Safat 
Square, Al Sharq Area, P.O. Box 1387, Safat, 13014 Kuwait. No member of the Board or executive management 
has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to the Bank and his private interests and/or 
other duties.
Employees
The Group’s human resources policies are designed to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre, professional, 
skilled and knowledgeable employees. The Group protects and abides by the rights provided to employees 
which include, but are not limited to: a transparent working environment; employee talent-management 
schemes; a transparent remuneration and compensation structure and access to a whistle blowing policy (which 
enables employees to raise concerns in good faith and confidence directly up to the level of the Chairman).
As at 30 September 2021, the Group employed 2,257 full-time staff compared to 2,189 full-time staff at 31 
December 2020, 2,195 full-time staff as at 31 December 2019 and 2,077 full-time staff at 31 December 2018.
The Group is committed to identifying, attracting and developing Kuwaiti nationals in its workforce. The 
Kuwaiti government’s recommended policy is that 70 per cent. of a bank’s total personnel should consist of 
Kuwaiti nationals. The Bank’s Kuwaitisation level as at 30 September 2021 was 75 per cent. and it is currently 
in compliance with all other applicable employment regulations.

--- Page 184 ---
171
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT
Unless indicated otherwise, information in this section has been derived from Kuwaiti government publications.
Overview
Kuwait is located in the north-east of the Arabian Peninsula in Western Asia. It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to 
the south at Khafji and Iraq to the north at Basra. To the east, Kuwait has approximately 499 kilometres of 
coastline on the Arabian Gulf.
Kuwait covers an area of approximately 17,818 square kilometres, which is divided into six Governorates (Al-
Ahmadi, Al-’Asimah (the capital), Al-Farwaniyah, Al-Jahra’, Hawalli and Mubarak Al-Kabir). Each 
Governorate is headed by a governor, a representative of the Emir, who is supported by a council. Governors 
are usually members of the ruling family or close allies. Membership of the Governorate councils is by 
appointment. Each Governorate is divided into districts or areas and each district is headed by a mayor or chief 
(Mukhtar) who reports to the Ministry of Interior. The capital and administrative centre of Kuwait is Kuwait 
City, where the Government and most of the other state institutions are located. The official language in Kuwait 
is Arabic, but the use of English is widespread, especially in business transactions.
Kuwait’s economy benefits from some of the largest oil reserves in the world as well as very low relative oil 
production costs. According to OPEC’s 2020 Annual Statistical Bulletin (the “OPEC 2020 Bulletin”), Kuwait 
has the fifth largest oil reserves in the world estimated at around 101.5 billion barrels (accounting for 6.5 per 
cent. of the world’s total oil reserves). According to the OPEC 2020 Bulletin, Kuwait was the world’s eighth 
largest oil producer and eighth largest exporter for the year ended 31 December 2019, accounting for 3.6 per 
cent. of the world’s total oil production and 4.4 per cent. of the world’s total oil exports for the year ended 31 
December 2019. According to the same source, Kuwait’s production levels were 2.7 million bpd on average for 
the year ended 31 December 2019. As a founding member of OPEC, Kuwait’s oil production is subject to any 
agreements that are reached to limit oil production and in April 2020 Kuwait participated in the ‘OPEC plus’
agreement to cut global oil production in response to the reduced demand for oil following the outbreak of 
COVID-19.
Population
The latest official Kuwait census for which data has been published was conducted in April 2011. Accordingly, 
all population figures for subsequent years are estimates based on historic data.
The most recent estimate of the population in Kuwait published by the Public Authority for Civil Information 
estimated the population to be approximately 4.7 million as at 31 December 2020, of which approximately 1.5 
million were Kuwaiti nationals (31.3 per cent.) and approximately 3.2 million were non-Kuwaiti nationals (68.7 
per cent.).
Economic Overview
Since oil was discovered in Kuwait in 1937, Kuwait’s economy has grown significantly, principally due to the 
revenues generated from the export of crude oil and related products. Kuwait’s major industries include 
petroleum, petrochemicals, cement, shipbuilding and repair, water desalination, food processing and 
construction.
According to provisional figures prepared by the CSB, Kuwait’s real GDP increased by 2.9 per cent. in 2016, 
declined by 4.7 per cent. in 2017, increased by 2.4 per cent. in 2018 and declined by 0.6 per cent. in 2019 and

--- Page 185 ---
172
8.9 per cent. in 2020 to KD 36.0 billion. According to preliminary IMF data (as of April 2021), Kuwait’s real 
GDP is projected to increase by 0.7 per cent. in 2021 and 3.2 per cent. in 2022.
According to data from Kuwait’s Ministry of Finance, oil revenues comprised 89.3 per cent. of total 
Government revenues for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2020. According to the CSB, oil and oil products 
represented 89.3 per cent. of total exports for the year ended 31 December 2020. Kuwait’s economy has 
generally benefitted from healthy fiscal and current account surpluses, although lower oil prices since mid-2014 
meant that Kuwait realised a net budget deficit (after transfers to the Future Generations Fund (“FGF”)) for the 
fiscal years ended 31 March 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. The annual average OPEC Reference Basket 
prices in each of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 were U.S.$40.76, U.S.$52.43, U.S.$69.78, U.S.$64.04 and 
U.S.$41.47, respectively. In 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel fell significantly, reaching a low 
of U.S.$12.22 on 22 April 2020, before beginning to recover in May 2020. As at 30 June 2021, the OPEC 
Reference Basket price per barrel was U.S.$71.89.
OPEC Reference Basket price movements are shown solely to illustrate the historic volatility in international 
crude oil prices and no implication is intended that the Group’s revenue from crude oil production is directly 
linked to the price of the OPEC Reference Basket. The price per barrel of Kuwait Export Crude Oil (which is 
produced by Kuwait and constitutes part of the OPEC Reference Basket) has also moved in line with these 
trends.
While the oil industry has historically dominated and continues to be the largest part of, Kuwait’s economy 
(with oil (excluding refining) accounting for approximately 53.9 per cent. of real GDP for the year ended 31 
December 2020 according to provisional figures from the CSB), for the past several years, Kuwait has been 
concentrating on the diversification of its economy by encouraging private sector participation and promoting 
foreign investment in non-oil sectors as articulated in the “New Kuwait 2035” plan. Based on provisional 
figures from the CSB, the non-oil sector of the economy (including oil refining) contributed approximately 46.1 
per cent. of Kuwait’s real GDP in the year ended 31 December 2020 and declined by 8.8 per cent. in real terms 
in the same time period from KD 18.2 billion to KD 16.6 billion.
Kuwait’s public finances benefit from one of the world’s largest sovereign wealth funds. Based on third party 
public sources, the KIA is ranked as the world’s fifth largest sovereign wealth fund with approximately 
U.S.$533.7 billion in assets according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. Unconfirmed press reports 
suggest that this may have risen further to U.S.$670 billion by end of March 2021. The KIA is prohibited by 
law from publicly discussing the exact size of its holdings. The KIA is responsible for the management of 
Kuwait’s General Reserve Fund (“GRF”) and its FGF, as well as other funds entrusted to it by the Minister of 
Finance for and on behalf of Kuwait. On an annual basis and by law, a minimum of 10 per cent. of all 
Government revenues were transferred to the FGF, though in 2020 this rule was modified such that transfers 
are suspended when the budget is in deficit. The GRF is available to fund budget deficits in Kuwait and Kuwait 
has never drawn down on the funds in the FGF since the FGF’s inception in 1976, other than for liberation and 
reconstruction costs related to the Iraqi invasion.
Inflation
The following table sets forth the consumer price index (“CPI”) and annual inflation rate in Kuwait for the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

--- Page 186 ---
173
Average for the year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
2017
Consumer Price Index (base year 
2013=100) ................................................
116.6
114.2
113.0
112.3
Inflation (percentage change, year on
year).........................................................
2.1
1.1
0.6
1.5
Source: Central Statistical Bureau
Government, Political and Legal System
Kuwait is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government. Under its Constitution, which 
entered into force in 1963, the head of the State is the Emir, who is chosen from among the members of the 
ruling Al-Sabah family and confirmed by the National Assembly. The current Emir is His Highness Sheikh 
Nawaf Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, who acceded to the throne in September 2020. The Emir has, among other 
powers, the power to appoint the Prime Minister, dissolve the National Assembly, suspend certain parts of the 
Constitution and refer bills to the National Assembly for consideration. The Emir has the right to propose 
legislation as well as the right to promulgate and sanction laws. His Highness Sheikh Meshal Al-Ahmad Al-
Jaber Al Sabah is the current Crown Prince. Historically, the Emir has been selected by family consensus 
although the Emir Succession Law provides for National Assembly input under certain circumstances.
Kuwait was the first member of the GCC to establish a directly elected National Assembly in 1963. The National 
Assembly comprises 50 directly elected members who serve four-year terms. The National Assembly has the 
power to question and dismiss ministers through a vote of no-confidence, including the Prime Minister, and to 
propose, enact or block enactment of legislation introduced by the Government.
The Council of Ministers forms the executive level of government and advises and assists the Prime Minister, 
who is appointed by the Emir. The current Prime Minister is His Highness Sheikh Sabah Al- Khalid Al-Sabah 
who was reappointed in 2021.
Kuwait’s legal system is primarily modelled on the French civil law system, Egyptian civil code and elements 
of Islamic Shari’a law. Although Kuwait is a democratic nation where sovereignty rests with the people, its 
system is based on the principles of justice, liberty and equality and governed by a Constitution of delegated 
powers to the legislative, the executive and the judicial authorities. In descending order of importance, the
Constitution is followed by laws and their implementing instruments such as regulations and ministerial 
resolutions.
Development Strategy of Kuwait
In 2010, the Government announced its new overall strategy for Kuwait’s future development through the year 
2035 known as “Kuwait Vision 2035”, which is based on three main themes:

recovering the pioneering regional role of Kuwait and transforming it into a financial and trade centre, 
attractive to investors, where the private sector plays the lead role in economic activity creating 
competition and promoting efficiency; with supportive national governmental institutions providing the 
adequate infrastructure, appropriate legislative framework and an inspiring business environment;

providing a climate for balanced human development, safeguarding social values and national identity 
and preserving the community’s values; and

--- Page 187 ---
174

strengthening the democratic system, respect for the Constitution, and the promotion of justice, political 
participation and freedom.
The new Kuwait vision
On 30 January 2017, the Government updated its long-term development strategy under the slogan “New 
Kuwait 2035”. The New Kuwait Vision is based on the following seven thematic pillars and objectives:

Public Administration: Reform administrative and bureaucratic practices to reinforce transparency, 
accountability and efficiency in the Government.

Economy: Develop a prosperous and diversified economy to reduce Kuwait’s dependency on oil 
revenues.

Infrastructure: Develop and modernise the national infrastructure to improve the quality of life for 
Kuwait’s citizens.

Living Environment: Ensure the availability of accommodation through environmentally sound 
resources and tactics.

Healthcare: Improve service quality and develop national capabilities in the public healthcare system.

Human Capital: Reform the education system to better prepare Kuwait’s youth to become competitive, 
productive and competent members of the workforce.

Global Position: Enhance Kuwait’s regional and global presence in spheres such as diplomacy, trade, 
culture and philanthropy.
Foreign Relations and International Organisations
Kuwait, together with Bahrain, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE, form the GCC. Kuwait is also a 
member of OPEC and the United Nations. It is also a member of numerous international and multilateral 
organisations, including the IMF, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the WTO, the 
League of Arab States, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the Multilateral Investment Guarantee 
Agency and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO).

--- Page 188 ---
175
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN KUWAIT
Unless otherwise indicated, information in this section has been derived from Law No. 32 of 1968 as amended 
and the instructions issued by the CBK to conventional banks operating in Kuwait (“Instructions”).
Central Bank of Kuwait
Kuwait’s monetary, banking and financial system is regulated and supervised by the CBK, which was formed 
by Law No. 32 of 1968 (as amended) (the “CBK Law”). The CBK commenced operations on 1 April 1969. 
According to Article 15 of the CBK Law, its objectives are to:

issue currency on behalf of Kuwait;

secure the stability of the Kuwaiti dinar and its free convertibility into other currencies;

direct credit policy in order to contribute to Kuwait’s social and economic progress and the growth of 
national income;

supervise the banking system in Kuwait;

serve as the Kuwaiti government’s bank; and

render financial advice to the Kuwaiti government.
The CBK is largely independent of Kuwait’s executive and legislative branches and is managed by a Board of 
Directors, consisting of the Governor of the CBK, who also acts as the Chairman, the Deputy Governor of the 
CBK, a representative from each of the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce and Industry and 
four additional members, each of whom must be a Kuwaiti national and must be nominated by the Minister of 
Finance (after obtaining the approval of the Council of Ministers). The four additional Board members are 
drawn from expert practitioners in the fields of economics, finance or banking and are appointed by an Emiri 
Decree for a three-year renewable term. The Governor and the Deputy Governor of the CBK are each appointed 
by an Emiri Decree for a five-year renewable term, pursuant to a recommendation from the Minister of Finance 
(which is conditional on them having experience in the banking sector).
The CBK’s total assets as at 30 September 2021 were KD 12.6 billion.
Bank Regulation and Supervision
All banks operating within Kuwait are subject to the supervision of the CBK, which is the primary regulator of 
banks and financial institutions in Kuwait whilst the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority (the “CMA”) exercises 
supervisory authority over all Kuwaiti entities (including banks and financial institutions) which are listed on 
Boursa Kuwait (previously known as the Kuwait Stock Exchange) or engage in securities activities as discussed 
further below.
Off-site and on-site supervision department
The CBK’s off-site supervision department receives periodic financial reports from institutions under its 
supervision, issues supervisory regulations, resolutions and instructions to such institutions, examines ongoing 
banking and financial trends and monitors their impact on the soundness and stability of these institutions. The 
department also conducts studies to assess applications to establish new banking and financial institutions or 
for new branches, articles of association, banking services and by-laws; and organises and maintains registers 
of the institutions subject to CBK supervision. The off-site supervision department also prepares CBK 
recommendations on issues concerning banking and supervisory conditions, and develops a dialogue with 
worldwide supervisory bodies and concerned international institutions, to stay informed and updated on the 
latest global trends and developments in the area of supervision of banking and financial activities.

--- Page 189 ---
176
The CBK also has an on-site supervision department that is responsible for monitoring the activities of 
institutions under its supervision to ensure their compliance with the provisions of relevant laws and supervisory 
regulations and instructions, including through periodic inspections. In addition, the on-site supervision 
department is responsible for the combat of money laundering and financing of terrorism (through an Anti-
Money Laundering section within the on-site supervision department), following up on complaints and appeals 
submitted to CBK by those dealing with CBK-regulated entities, and proposing related supervisory regulations 
and instructions.
Financial Stability Office
The CBK has also established a Financial Stability Office (the “FSO”), which aims to contribute to a sound 
financial system in Kuwait capable of withstanding financial and economic shocks by identifying key 
vulnerabilities in the financial system and suggesting appropriate corrective measures. The FSO annually 
publishes its flagship Financial Stability Report (the “FSR”), covering key developments in the banking sector 
(making an assessment of financial intermediation, analysing key risks in the banking sector and examining the 
trends in banks’ profitability, solvency and resilience against major shocks), domestic markets (money, foreign 
exchange, equity and real estate markets) and the payment and settlement systems. The aim of publishing the 
annual FSR is to identify risks to the stability of the financial system and to promote transparency and encourage 
informed public discourse on various developments in the financial system.
The FSO also prepares other analytical reports, for internal use on major developments and key risks in the 
banking sector and financial markets, making use of appropriate tools and techniques, such as stress testing, in 
early identification of vulnerabilities in the financial system.
Banking Regulation
Liquidity regulations
Prior to April 2020, the CBK required banks to maintain 18 per cent. of their Kuwaiti dinar customer deposits 
in the form of balances with the CBK and Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds.
Bank liquidity in Kuwait is monitored using the Maturity Ladder Approach under which future cash inflows 
are compared with future cash outflows. The resulting liquidity mismatches are then examined in time bands 
against approved limits for each band. The relevant instruction relating to liquidity establishes the elements to 
be included when calculating assets and liabilities for the purpose of determining liquidity.
The CBK also introduced, in 2014, the LCR regulations and, later in 2015, the NSFR guidelines, which are 
aimed at improving banks’ capacity to withstand liquidity stress and making their funding structure stable.
The CBK introduced the LCR in a phased manner, setting a benchmark requirement of 70 per cent. in 2016 
which increased by 10 per cent. each year and remained at 100 per cent. between January 2019 and April 2020. 
Banks are required to submit, along with existing liquidity reports, their LCR reports on a daily and monthly 
basis for monitoring purposes as well as LCRs by major currency.
The minimum required NSFR is calculated as a percentage of available stable funding to required stable 
funding. The requirement to maintain an NSFR of 100 per cent. became effective in January 2018.
In April 2020, as part of the measures implemented to support the Kuwaiti economy following the outbreak of 
COVID-19, the CBK decreased banks’ liquidity ratio requirements from 18 per cent. to 15 per cent., their LCR 
requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent and their NSFR requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent. 
Additionally, the CBK increased the limit for the maximum negative cumulative gap for liquidity and also 
increased the limit for the maximum permissible financing from 90 per cent. to 100 per cent. These measures 
imposed by the CBK remain valid until 31 December 2021. The CBK issued a press statement on 12 October

--- Page 190 ---
177
2021 in which it indicated its intention to initiate a gradual return to the pre-COVID-19 regulatory regime by 
easing the regulatory requirements and modifying some of its supervisory instructions with particular regard to 
the LCR and NSFR requirements.
Capital adequacy regulations
Over the past few years, the CBK has refined its existing regulations to reflect global best practices. The CBK 
has implemented the full set of Basel III regulations, covering capital adequacy, leverage, and liquidity. The 
CBK has enhanced its capital adequacy regime by setting out higher and better quality capital for Kuwaiti banks 
to further strengthen their loss absorbing capacity. The CBK has also put up additional capital requirements for 
systemically important banks, such as the Bank, and introduced the Leverage Ratio (which is defined as the 
“capital” measure – made up of Tier 1 capital – divided by the “exposure” measure – being the sum of on-
balance sheet assets, derivative exposures and off-balance sheet exposures) as a supplementary measure to 
ensure that Kuwaiti banks do not become overly leveraged.
The CBK’s instructions relating to Basel III require that the terms and conditions of Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments 
issued by a licensed bank in Kuwait must contain a provision that permits such instruments to either be written-
off or converted into common equity, as determined by the CBK, should a Trigger Event (as defined below) 
occur. Pursuant to the instructions, a “Trigger Event” will have occurred if either of the following events occurs:

the issuing bank is instructed by its regulator to write-off or convert such instruments, on the grounds of 
non-viability; or

an immediate injection of capital is required, by way of an emergency intervention, without which the 
issuing bank would become non-viable.
Notwithstanding the definition of Trigger Event set out above, the conditions of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
securities issued by the Bank only allow for a write-down, and not a conversion into ordinary shares, to take 
place following the occurrence of a Trigger Event.
Credit risk regulations
Loans to deposit ratio
Kuwaiti banks are restricted by the CBK from lending amounts in excess of a prescribed percentage of 
qualifying deposits. With effect from October 2016 to April 2020, the prescribed percentage was 90 per cent., 
irrespective of the maturity of such deposits. As described above, the prescribed percentage was increased to, 
and remains at, 100 per cent. in April 2020 following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Credit facility classifications
The CBK requires banks operating in Kuwait to evaluate and classify their credit facilities into two categories 
(regular and irregular) on a periodic basis. The relevant CBK instructions specify the cases when a credit facility 
must be classified as ‘irregular’ and include where payment of an instalment is not made, interest is not paid on 
the maturity date or the debit balance exceeds the drawing limits determined for the customer.
Consumer and instalment loans
Consumer credit facilities are granted in compliance with the CBK’s regulatory framework, lending limits and 
the Bank’s internal credit policy. In November 2018, the CBK amended the regulations on granting personal 
loans/financing. Taking into consideration changes in macroeconomic conditions and the changes in customer 
demographics, these amendments increased the ceiling for consumer loans. In general, the maximum eligible 
limit for a consumer loan is 25 times the net monthly salary (or continuous monthly income) of the consumer, 
or KD 25,000, whichever is lower, with a maximum repayment tenor of five years. An “instalment” loan is a 
long-term personal loan intended for non-commercial purposes, in particular for renovation or purchase of a

--- Page 191 ---
178
private residence. The maximum limit on instalment loans is KD 70,000 (which is in addition to the maximum 
limit on any “consumer” loan advanced to the same customer). The maximum repayment tenor for an instalment 
loan is 15 years. A customer’s total monthly repayment liability (consumer and instalment loans) must not 
exceed 40 per cent. of that customer’s net monthly salary (or continuous monthly income).
Extension of facilities for non-residents
Local banks are permitted to extend credit facilities in KD to non-residents without the need for prior consent 
from the CBK only in connection with financing contracts awarded by government bodies in Kuwait whose 
value does not exceed KD 40 million and where the loan does not exceed 70 per cent. of the total value of the 
contract. In all other cases, CBK consent is required for loans to non-residents.
Foreign exchange transactions
Local banks may deal with foreign banks for foreign exchange transactions, may deposit Kuwaiti dinar with 
foreign banks and may enter into foreign exchange swap and other derivative transactions, including options, 
futures and forward contracts.
Concentration risk regulations
Investment limits
The total ratio of the securities portfolio held by a Kuwaiti bank should not exceed 50 per cent. of the bank’s 
capital in its comprehensive concept, as defined under the relevant CBK instructions. Further, the ratio of the 
investment in the securities of any one issuer should be the lower of 10 per cent. of the bank’s capital in its 
comprehensive concept or 10 per cent. of the issuer’s capital.
Maximum limit for credit concentration
Subject to certain exceptions or where prior CBK approval has been obtained, the total credit liabilities of any 
single customer (including its legally or economically associated entities) to a bank may not exceed 15 per cent. 
of the bank’s capital base.
Clustering limit – total limit for large concentrations
The aggregate of large credit concentrations (being concentrations which exceed 10 per cent. of a bank’s capital 
base), including any exceptions approved by the CBK, may not exceed four times a bank’s capital base.
Interest rate cap regulations
The CBK’s resolutions issued in respect of interest rate ceilings provide that the maximum limits for interest 
rates on KD loans to corporates should not exceed:

2.5 per cent. over the CBK’s discount rate in the case of commercial loans with a maturity of one year 
or less; and

4 per cent. over the CBK’s discount rate in the case of commercial loans exceeding one year.
Interest rates for consumer and instalment loans denominated in Kuwaiti dinar are currently capped at the CBK 
discount rate plus 3 per cent. for each block of five years. Such interest rates may be adjusted by no more than 
plus or minus 2 per cent. for each subsequent block of five years.
Interest rates for loans in currencies other than the Kuwaiti dinar are not regulated by the CBK.
Third party portfolio management
CBK instructions apply to portfolios managed by banks and investment companies for the account of third 
parties and invested in foreign securities and other financial instruments.

--- Page 192 ---
179
Other CBK instructions
The CBK has also issued instructions containing guidelines relating to, among other matters: (i) post-dated 
cheques; (ii) banks’ credit policy ratios; (iii) the verification of the purpose of credit facilities granted to 
customers; (iv) collateral to be granted by customers against credit facilities; (v) the provision of facilities for 
trading in shares listed on Boursa Kuwait; (vi) the protection of customers; (vii) customers’ special needs and 
(viii) anti-money laundering and the combat of the financing of terrorism.
Corporate Governance
On 10 September 2019, the CBK issued a revised version of the “Rules and Standards of Corporate 
Governance” (the “Corporate Governance Rules”) which apply to all banks in Kuwait and were required to 
be implemented with effect from 30 June 2020. This new regulation replaces the previous “Rules and Standards 
of Corporate Governance in Kuwaiti Banks” issued in 2012. The Corporate Governance Rules provide 
principles that should be applied by Kuwaiti banks in order to ensure proper governance. They comprise nine 
pillars that cover, amongst other things, board composition, independent board members, risk management 
governance, compliance governance, cyber security, disclosure and transparency, remuneration policies and 
systems, and overall protection of shareholder and stakeholder’s rights. The Corporate Governance Rules 
require each bank to adopt a corporate governance manual and establish a corporate governance committee, 
tasked with devising an overall framework for the adherence to the governance manual.
The Corporate Governance Rules require the existence of independent directors in the composition of a banks’
board of directors and the board committees. With effect from 30 June 2020, a bank’s board must comprise no 
less than 11 board members, two of whom must be deemed “independent” but in no circumstance should the 
independent board members occupy more than half of the board seats. Another two independent board members 
are to be included to provide a total of four independent board members from the, at least, 11 board members.
The Corporate Governance Rules define the role of a bank’s board of directors and executive management 
(including the chief executive officer and other members of senior management), the executive committee 
(which is to include the chief executive officer), the risk committee, the audit committee, and any other 
committees that have an active role in the business of the Bank.
The Board adopts and implements internationally recognised corporate governance practices and adheres to the 
CBK’s requirements under the Corporate Governance Rules.
Application of CBK Regulations to the Bank
The Bank is incorporated as a public shareholding company in Kuwait. The Bank is licensed by the CBK to 
conduct banking activities and operates under its supervision. The Bank is also listed on Boursa Kuwait. As a 
company incorporated in Kuwait under the applicable commercial companies’ laws, for the Bank to perform 
any commercial activities, it must have a valid commercial licence issued by the MOCI. The MOCI issued 
commercial licence is renewable every four years. The Bank’s commercial licence was last renewed on 21 
September 2019 for the period until 20 September 2023. The Bank has no reason to believe that its commercial 
licence will not be renewed by the MOCI.
The CBK is tasked with maintaining the stability of Kuwait’s banking system. As an entity subject to the CBK’s 
oversight, the Bank is required to submit various periodic and one-off reports to the CBK in a format prescribed 
by it. The CBK also conducts inspections of banking and financial institutions (banks, investment companies 
and money exchange companies) which are subject to its supervision in order to ascertain their financial 
sustainability and their adherence to their constitutional by-laws. These inspections may be in the form of a 
specific inspection or a full audit of all activities. The CBK periodically inspects all financial institutions which

--- Page 193 ---
180
are subject to its supervision. Since April 2021, the CBK has been conducting its most recent inspection of the 
Bank. The inspection report has yet to be issued by the CBK.
Alongside the CBK, the Bank is also regulated by the CMA as it is a publicly traded company with shares listed 
on Boursa Kuwait and conducts certain “Securities Activities” listed in Module 5 article 1-2 of the CMA bylaws.
Banking System
The Kuwait banking sector has experienced increased competition and diversification from the entry of 
international banks establishing branches in Kuwait, following the promulgation of Law No. 28 of 2004 
amending certain provisions of the CBK Law. As at 30 September 2021, total local bank assets in the Kuwaiti 
banking sector amounted to KD 76.0 billion and total credit facilities to Kuwaiti residents advanced by local 
banks amounted to KD 41.6 billion (source: CBK).
The key performance indicators of the conventional Kuwaiti banks as at 30 September 2021 are set out below 
(source: interim reports published on the company website of each bank listed below).
Cost to
income ratio
Return on 
assets
Return on 
equity
Earnings per 
share
(per cent.)
(fils)(1)
National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P..............
39.1
1.1
10.0
33.0
Burgan Bank.............................................
42.1
0.7
7.5
13.4
Gulf Bank.................................................
47.1
0.6
5.7
9.0
Commercial Bank of Kuwait .....................
30.6
1.3
7.3
20.8
The Bank..................................................
46.7
0.4
3.9
9.0
Note:
(1)
1000 fils equals one Kuwaiti dinar.
In addition, as at 30 September 2021, 12 foreign bank branches also operate in Kuwait. These are the Bank of 
Bahrain and Kuwait, BNP Paribas, HSBC, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Citibank, Qatar National Bank, Doha Bank, 
Mashreq Bank, Al-Rajhi Bank, Bank Muscat, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank and Industrial and Commercial 
Bank of China Limited.
Deposit Guarantee Law
In response to the global financial crisis which began in 2008, the Kuwaiti government took a number of 
measures, including the passing of Law No. 30 of 2008 regarding the guarantee of deposits held with local 
banks (the “Deposit Guarantee Law”). Under the Deposit Guarantee Law, the Kuwaiti government has 
undertaken to guarantee the principal (but not interest) of all deposits held with local banks in Kuwait, including 
saving accounts and current accounts.

--- Page 194 ---
181
TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date.
Kuwait
This summary of taxation in Kuwait is based on the Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955 (the Decree), as 
amended by Law No. 2 of 2008 "Amending Certain Provisions of Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955" 
(the “Amendment”), the Executive Bylaws of the Amendment (the “Regulations”), and various ministerial 
resolutions and circulars relating thereto issued by the Ministry of Finance, Article 150 (bis) and Ministry of 
Finance Administrative Order No. 2028 of 2015 (the “Administrative Resolution”) (together, the “Taxation 
Laws”) as interpreted and implemented by the DIT as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any subsequent 
changes in either the Taxation Laws or the interpretation or implementation of the same by the DIT may alter 
and affect this summary.
Income tax
Under the Taxation Laws, income tax (at a flat rate of 15 per cent.) is levied on, inter alia, the net income and 
capital gains realised by any corporate entity (interpreted by the DIT to mean any form of company or 
partnership), wherever incorporated, that conducts business in Kuwait. However, the DIT to date has, as a matter 
of practice, granted a concession to such corporate entities incorporated in Kuwait or in any other GCC country 
(being referred to in this Base Prospectus as GCC corporate entities) and has only imposed income tax on 
corporate entities which are not GCC corporate entities (being referred to in this Base Prospectus as non-GCC 
corporate entities) which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes shareholders of GCC corporate entities which 
are themselves non-GCC corporate entities, in each case, conducting business in Kuwait. The following 
paragraphs in this section are therefore applicable only to non-GCC corporate entities.
Pursuant to the Regulations, income generated from the lending of funds inside Kuwait is considered to be 
income realised from the conducting of business in Kuwait , and is therefore not subject to income tax.
Pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015 amending Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital 
Markets Authority and the Regulating of Securities Activities (the “CML Law Amendment”), yields of 
securities, bonds, sukuk and all other similar securities regardless of the issuer thereof shall be exempted from 
taxation. The CML Law Amendment was acknowledged by the Administrative Resolution. 
However, see “Risk Factors – The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, 
and holders of the Notes which are “non-GCC corporate entities” may become subject to the Kuwaiti income 
tax regime in certain limited circumstances”.
Individuals are not subject to any Kuwaiti income tax on their income or capital gains.
Retention
Under the Regulations, a Kuwaiti-based party making a payment (being referred to in this section as the payer) 
to any other party (being referred to in this section as the payee), wherever incorporated, is obliged to deduct 
five per cent. of the amount of each such payment until such time as the DIT issues a tax clearance certificate 
approving the release of such amount. Unlike with withholding tax, the payer is not required to transfer directly
the deducted amount to the DIT immediately, but instead retains such amount and releases it either (i) to the

--- Page 195 ---
182
payee upon presentation to the payer by such payee of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT confirming that 
the payee is not subject to or is exempt from income tax, or has realised a loss, or has paid or guaranteed the 
payment of its income tax; or (ii) in the absence of such a tax clearance certificate, to the DIT, on demand.
According to a literal interpretation of the Regulations, payments which are subject to a deduction as described 
above would include principal and interest payments. Given that neither Law No. 22 of 2015 amending Law 
No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the Regulating of Securities 
Activities, nor the Administrative Resolution, address the issue of whether or not there remains an obligation, 
as described above, to make a deduction, a payer (such as the Issuer) could be required to deduct five per cent. 
from every payment made by it to a payee (such as the holders of the Notes), which amount would be released 
by the payer upon presentation to it by the payee of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT.
However, the holders of the Notes shall be able to rely on the provisions in the Conditions (in particular on 
Condition 8 (Taxation) which require the Issuer to gross up each payment to an amount equal to any deduction, 
irrespective of whether a tax clearance certificate is presented or not and accordingly, in practice, a holder would 
not need to present such a tax clearance certificate.
Other taxes
Save as described above, all payments in respect of the Notes may be made without withholding, deduction or 
retention for, or on account of, present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Kuwait. 
No stamp, registration or similar duties or taxes will be payable in Kuwait by holders of Notes in connection 
with the issue or any transfer of the Notes.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of the Notes 
should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the proposed FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related

--- Page 196 ---
183
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Kuwait) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Additionally Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 197 ---
184
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 9 December 2021 (the Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two 
or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for certain of their expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions 
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Notes in bearer form having a 
maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. federal tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except to certain persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.
Bearer Notes, other than Bearer Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “C Rules”), or in accordance with the 
provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “D Rules”), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations promulgated
thereunder, including the C Rules and the D Rules.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. In addition, 
until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act.

--- Page 198 ---
185
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this paragraph:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this paragraph:

--- Page 199 ---
186
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in the United Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in UK 
the Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Note 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their

--- Page 200 ---
187
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
marketed, offered and/or sold in Kuwait unless all necessary approvals from the CMA pursuant to the CML 
Rules, together with the various resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions and announcements issued 
pursuant thereto, or in connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature or type), and all other applicable law 
or regulation in Kuwait, have been given in respect of the marketing, offering and/or sale of the Notes.
Dubai International Financial Centre
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the Dubai 
International Financial Centre unless such offer is:
(i)
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the rulebook of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA Rulebook”); and
(ii)
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook.
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre)
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance 
with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, and any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a “Saudi 
Investor”) who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note, that any offer of Notes to any investor 
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person will be made in compliance with (a) in relation to 
issuances occurring prior to 1 January 2022, Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations and Article 10 of 
the 2021 KSA Regulations and (b) in relation to issuances occurring on or after 1 January 2022, Article 8(a)(1) 
(including the definitions in the Glossary) or Article 9 of the 2021 KSA Regulations and Article 10 of the 2021 
KSA Regulations.
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market offer” 
pursuant to the KSA Regulations or the 2021 KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary 
market activity under Article 15 of the KSA Regulations and, in relation to issuances after 1 January 2022, to 
the restrictions set out in Article 14 of the 2021 KSA Regulations. Until 1 January 2022, any Saudi Investor 
who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations

--- Page 201 ---
188
may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is made through a capital market 
institution appropriately licensed by the KSA CMA and: (a) the Notes are offered or sold to a sophisticated 
investor (as defined in Article 9 of the KSA Regulations); (b) the price to be paid for the Notes in any one 
transaction is equal to or exceeds Saudi Riyal 1 million or an equivalent amount; or (c) the offer of sale is 
otherwise in compliance with Article 15 of the KSA Regulations. If the requirement in (b) cannot be fulfilled 
because the price of the Notes being offered or sold to the transferee has declined since the date of the original 
private placement, the transferor may offer or sell the Notes to the transferee if their purchase price during the 
period of the original private placement was equal to or exceeded Saudi Riyal 1 million or an equivalent amount 
and if that requirement cannot be fulfilled, a transferor may offer or sell the Notes if it sells its entire holding of 
such Notes to one transferee.
On or after 1 January 2022, any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under 
Article 8 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is made 
through a capital market institution appropriately licensed by the KSA CMA and: (a) the Notes are offered or 
sold to an institutional or qualified investor (as defined in the Glossary); (b) the price to be paid for the Notes 
in any one transaction does not exceed Saudi Riyals 200,000 or an equivalent amount; or (c) the offer or sale is 
otherwise in compliance with Article 14 of the 2021 KSA Regulations. If the requirement in (b) cannot be
fulfilled because the price of the Notes being offered or sold to the transferee has increased since the date of the 
original private placement, the transferor may offer or sell the Notes to the transferee if their purchase price 
during the period of the original private placement did not exceed Saudi Riyal 200,000 or an equivalent amount 
and if that requirement cannot be fulfilled, a transferor may offer or sell the Notes if it sells its entire holding of 
such Notes to one transferee.
Kingdom of Bahrain
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain, except on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are 
“accredited investors”.
For this purpose, an “accredited investor" means:
(c)
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
excluding that person’s principal place of residence;
(d)
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or
(e)
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund).
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre)
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell at any 
time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: (a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre); and (b) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar. This Base
Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority, Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or any other relevant Qatar governmental body 
or securities exchange and may not be publicly distributed in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre).

--- Page 202 ---
189
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of 1949 (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to acknowledge 
that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may any Notes 
be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(i)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(ii)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 203 ---
190
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base
Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 204 ---
191
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to 
the issue of a temporary or permanent Global Note (or one or more Certificates) in respect of each 
Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its Regulated Market. The listing of the Programme in respect of the Notes is expected to be 
granted on or before 9 December 2021. Prior to official listing and admission to trading, however, 
dealings will be permitted by Euronext Dublin in accordance with its rules. Transactions on the Main 
Securities Market will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day after the day of the 
transaction. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme.
(2)
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 6 September 2016. The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder was 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 22 September 2021.
(3)
Save as disclosed in “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its Obligations 
under or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme – The outbreak of communicable 
diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to economic volatility, which 
may materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations”
and “Financial Review – Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations – Impact of COVID-19”,
there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since 30 
September 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group since 
31 December 2020.
(4)
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or 
have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the 
Group.
(5)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”.
(6)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(7)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.

--- Page 205 ---
192
(8)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
(9)
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when 
published, 
be 
available 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://abk.eahli.com/abk/InvestorRelations.aspx?id=00 and in physical form, during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer 
and at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent:
(i)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons);
(ii)
the Deed of Covenant;
(iii)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof);
(iv)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market within the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); and
(v)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Main Securities Market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).
(10)
EY Kuwait of P.O. Box 74 18-21st Floor, Baitak Tower, Ahmed Al Jaber Street and Deloitte Kuwait of
Ahmed Al-Jaber Street, Sharq, Dar Al-Awadi Complex, Floors 7 & 9, P.O. Box 20174, Safat 13062, 
Kuwait have jointly audited, and rendered unqualified audit reports on, the Financial Statements. Each 
of EY Kuwait and Deloitte Kuwait are regulated in Kuwait by the Kuwait Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry and the CMA and each of whom is a registered auditor licensed to act as an auditor in Kuwait 
by the Kuwait Association of Accountants and Auditors.
(11)
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, and/or 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 206 ---
The Issuer
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P. Building                                                                              
Ahmad Al Jaber Street, Safat Square                                                                                   
Al Sharq Area                                                                                                   
P.O. Box 1387                                                                                                    
Safat, 13014                                                                                                      
Kuwait
Arrangers
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
25 Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5JP
United Kingdom
Permanent Dealers
Ahli Capital Investment 
Company K.S.C.C.            
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait 
K.S.C.P. Building           
Ahmad Al Jaber Street      
Safat Square                  
Al Sharq Area                 
P.O. Box 1387                 
Safat, 13014                   
Kuwait
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
25 Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5JP
United Kingdom
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar and Calculation Agent
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom
Irish Listing Agent
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Earlsfort Centre
Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland

--- Page 207 ---
Auditors to the Issuer
Ernst and Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & Partners
P.O. Box 74,
18-21st Floor, Baitak Tower
Ahmed Al Jaber Street
Safat Square 13001 
Kuwait
Deloitte & Touche
(Al Wazzan & Co.)
Ahmed Al-Jaber Street, Sharq
Dar Al-Awadi Complex, Floors 7 & 9
P.O. Box 20174, Safat 13062
Kuwait
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
in respect of English law
in respect of Kuwaiti law
Allen & Overy LLP
11th Floor
Burj Daman Building
Al Mustaqbal Street
Dubai International Financial Centre
P.O. Box 506678
Dubai
United Arab Emirates
International Counsel Bureau
Al Hamra Business Tower
58th Floor, Al Sharq
P.O. Box 20941
Safat 13070
Kuwait
To the Arrangers and Permanent Dealers
in respect of English law
in respect of Kuwaiti law
Linklaters LLP
Ninth Floor, Currency House
Dubai International Financial Centre
P.O. Box 506516
Dubai
United Arab Emirates
ASAR – Al-Ruwayeh & Partners
Salhiya Complex, Gate 1, Floor 3
Mohammad Thunayan Al-Ghanim Street
P.O. Box 447
Safat 13005
Kuwait