--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
ALD  
(formerly known as ALD International)
(incorporated in France as a société anonyme) 
Euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de surveillance du secteur financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the loi 
relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières du 16 juillet 2019 (the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for 
securities of 16 July 2019), as amended (the "Prospectus Act 2019") for the purpose of giving information with 
regard to the issue of notes (the "Notes") by ALD (formerly known as ALD International) (the "Issuer")  under 
the Euro 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base 
Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus nor an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in any such Notes.  
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness 
of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance 
with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Act 2019. Application has been made for Notes to be listed during the period 
of twelve months after the date hereof on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, as 
amended (Directive 2014/65/EU appearing on the list of regulated markets published on the European Securities 
and Markets Authority website). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Issuer is rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch"). The Programme has been rated BBB by S&P and BBB+ by Fitch in respect of Notes with a maturity of more 
than one year.  Please refer to "Credit Ratings" in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "General Information" for 
an explanation of the ratings given to the Programme. Both of the rating agencies are established in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended or superseded (the "CRA 
Regulation") and they appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P and Fitch are not established in the United Kingdom 
(the "UK") and are not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
Issuer and Programme ratings issued by S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and 
by Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.
Notes may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
(ii)
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR (or, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, other indices deemed to be "benchmarks"). As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") but is not included in the 
FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the European Money Markets Institute 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration or recognition, endorsement or equivalence.
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
This Base Prospectus shall remain valid for a period of 12 months after its approval until 9 July 2022 for 
admissions to trading on a regulated market in the EEA, provided that it is completed by any supplement required 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Arranger and Dealer 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
(ii)
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................................................... 1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 6
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 11
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 25
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................... 33
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 48
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 76
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 77
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 83
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 88

--- Page 4 ---
1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken 
as a whole ("ALD Automotive" or the "Group") and the Notes which is material to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer 
and of the rights attached to the Notes and the reasons for any issuance thereunder and its impact on the Issuer.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (as 
defined below) for each tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and declares that the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms"). This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements 
hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any dealer 
named under "Subscription and Sale" below (together with any such other dealer(s) appointed from time to time 
as described thereunder, the "Dealer(s)"). 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. None of the Dealer(s) nor any of their 
respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any 
representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof 
or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer(s) to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution

--- Page 5 ---
2 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale".  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate  treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of their 
respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a 
prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or  the jurisdiction 
in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or 
regulatory policy applicable to it.  
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of the Group 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, and only after careful consideration with its financial, legal, tax and 
other advisers. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
-
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
-
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
-
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; 
-
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant interest 
rates and financial markets; 
-
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
-
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A prospective investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s country of incorporation, which may have an impact on 
the income received from the securities. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court

--- Page 6 ---
3 
decisions may be available for innovative financial notes, such as the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to 
ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal 
and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the 
prospective investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Each prospective investor should consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects investment in the 
Notes. A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax on that Noteholder of its 
investment in the Notes. A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by 
transaction costs. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the Notes, whether 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
The Conditions (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected therewith) are based 
on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to such laws, or the official application or interpretation of such laws or 
administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "MiFID II") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended or superseded, the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive  
2016/97/EU, as amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or

--- Page 7 ---
4 
superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.   
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any other securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons within the meaning of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons outside 
the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. For a description of these and certain further 
restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 6,000,000,000. The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any 
one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale" and the preparation of a 
supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE "SFA"): Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to 
"EUR", "Euro", "euro" or "€" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary union in accordance with 
European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time), references to "£", "pounds sterling" or "GBP" are 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "¥", "JPY" or "Japanese Yen" or "Yen" are to the 
lawful currency of Japan, references to "Swiss francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references 
to "Renminbi", "RMB" or "CNY" mean Renminbi Yuan and are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic 
of China ("PRC"), excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region and Taiwan. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
5 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances)i.  The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstancesii. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" and in the sections headed "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
Issuer: 
ALD (formerly known as ALD International) 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme. These are set out under the headings "Risk 
factors relating to the Issuer" and "Risks factors relating to the 
Notes" in the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus.
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes to be 
governed by English law. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
with all other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (except any such 
obligations as are preferred by law). 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealer(s): 
Société Générale 
Any other Dealer(s) appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
"Subscription and Sale") including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Programme Size: 
Up to Euro 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated on the Agreement Date as defined in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued by way of a private placement or a 
public offer and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or on 
terms identical other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or

--- Page 10 ---
7 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms 
and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be issued 
on a delivery versus payment basis or on a delivery against 
payment basis as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price (expressed either (i) as a 
percentage of the Aggregate Nominal Amount or (ii) as an 
amount per Note of the relevant Specified Denomination) which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
Form of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") (with or 
without interest coupons attached), issued outside the United 
States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes will on issue be represented by either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a "Temporary Global Note" and a 
"Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each 
a "Permanent Global Note" and a "Global Note") as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Temporary Global Notes will be 
exchangeable either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note 
or (b) for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"), 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Permanent Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described under "Forms of 
the Notes". 
For further details, please see section "Forms of the Notes". 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the Global Note 
is a new global note ("NGN"), the Global Note will be delivered 
to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
("Clearstream"). On or before the issue date for each Tranche, 
if the Global Note is not issued in NGN form (a "CGN"), the 
Global Note may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
8 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined (i) on 
the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement evidenced by a confirmation incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) or (ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service or 
published by the administrator of such reference rate (or any 
successor rate thereto or alternative rate therefor). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will pay: (a) up to a specified date, an 
initial rate of interest, at either a fixed rate or a floating rate; and 
(b) following such specified date, a subsequent rate of interest, at 
either a fixed rate or floating rate, calculated as set out in the 
Conditions. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the event that a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to 
a Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Substitute Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, as described in 
the Conditions. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both, or be subject to a Rate Multiplier, 
in each case as set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
The provisions relating to interest on the Notes may change 
during the life of the relevant Notes (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest (other than in the case 
of late payment). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify either that (a) the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or (b) such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and Dealer(s). 
Redemption Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable calculated on the basis as specified in the Conditions. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum

--- Page 12 ---
9 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
specify whether or not such Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions. 
Denomination(s) of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms save that (i) the minimum denomination 
of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency); and (ii) unless otherwise 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes which have 
a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed by 
France, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required, 
the Issuer will, save in certain circumstances, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Events of Default; No Cross-default: 
There will be events of default in relation to the Notes. There will 
be no cross-default with respect to the Notes.  
Negative Pledge: 
None 
Ratings: 
In respect of Notes with a long-term maturity, the Programme has 
been rated BBB by S&P and BBB+ by Fitch. Tranches of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Potential 
purchasers of Notes should inform themselves of the rating(s) (if 
any) applicable to a Tranche of Notes before making any decision 
to purchase such Notes. The ratings, if any, will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency without notice. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final 
Terms related to the Notes listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 13 ---
10 
(www.bourse.lu). The Final Terms will indicate where the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained. 
Governing Law:  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, accountholders holding their Notes 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or any other relevant clearing 
system, will acquire direct rights against the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms of an amended and restated deed of covenant dated 
9 July 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant"), a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions 
in various jurisdictions, in particular, those of the United States 
of America, Japan, Hong Kong, the People's Republic of China, 
Singapore, the EEA, including France and the United Kingdom. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether TEFRA Rules are applicable and, in this case, if TEFRA 
C or TEFRA D are applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
RISK FACTORS  
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risks associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the 
industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the 
Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category.  Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order or materiality or 
probability of occurrence.  Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
I. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
Given the diversity and changes in the Group's activities, its risk management focuses on the following main 
categories of risks, any of which could adversely affect the Group's performance. 
The following risk factors set out in "Chapter 4. Risks" on pages 99-109 of the English version of the Issuer's 
registration document dated 26 April 2021 and which was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 26 
April 2021 under visa no. D.21-0358 (the "2020 Universal Registration Document") shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Part I (see section "Information Incorporated by Reference"). 
Exceptional risks related to coronavirus 
Confronted with the COVID-19 crisis and with the aim of protecting its employees and business, ALD is applying 
the measures recommended by governments in the countries where the Group operates. During the first wave of 
the COVID-19 crisis, a crisis unit at the headquarters coordinated the initiatives of the various entities in 
collaboration with Société Générale, and assisted the subsidiaries in the rapid implementation of comprehensive 
remote working solutions. From the summer of 2020, as the technical capacity and processes have been embedded, 
the crisis unit has been dismantled. 
The restrictive measures (e.g. lockdowns, curfews) implemented in many countries nevertheless have an impact 
on ALD’s business. 
a) There are direct impacts: 
• requests to delay payments by some companies whose business has been hard hit by lockdown measures; 
however, we note that the parties that have benefited from these delays have generally paid well when settlements 
resume; 
• in some countries vehicles cannot be registered during strict lockdown periods (particularly during the spring of 
2020), which effectively means that the customers have to keep their old vehicles (lease extensions); 
• on the other hand, the less intensive use of the vehicles due to lockdown measures will have a positive impact 
on their value. 
b) Additional indirect effects can be expected: 
• in the coming quarters, a risk of delays in deliveries of new vehicles due to disruptions in the semiconductor 
supply chains of certain original equipment manufacturers; 
• higher default rates among the customers (even though most of the receivables are protected by ownership of 
the vehicles). In order to limit the impact of these types of effects, instructions to exercise caution have been sent

--- Page 15 ---
12 
to the entities, which have been asked to reinforce their vigilance vis-à-vis customers and sectors deemed to be 
vulnerable (tougher approval criteria, reduction in number of vehicles authorised, stricter recovery policies, etc.), 
and a forward-looking provision was recorded in ALD’s financial statements (EUR 15.4 million as of 31 
December 2020); 
• reduced sales momentum in terms of leasing demand, the magnitude of which will depend on the duration and 
depth of the crisis, as well as its impact on mobility habits (e.g. company cars may be seen as less appealing). 
Moreover, whereas a fall in demand for second-hand vehicles had been anticipated, particularly in the event of a 
severe economic crisis (such as in 2008), this risk did not materialise in H2 2020 when, as a result of the COVID 
crisis, a growth in demand for used vehicles and a rebound in resale prices to levels similar to pre-crisis levels 
were observed. 
A. 
Risks specific to the Group's activity 
The Group may be unable to sell its used vehicles at desirable prices, and faces risks related to the residual 
value of its vehicles in connection with such disposals. 
The Group's pricing structure and assumptions regarding the future maintenance and repair costs and tyre 
costs of the vehicles in its fleet over the term of the lease may prove to be inaccurate, which could result in 
reduced margin or losses. 
The Group's activities are based on contractual relationships with intermediaries in the distribution of 
contracts (car manufacturers, banks, retail websites). 
Car Manufacturers providing vehicles, maintenance and spare parts as well as the other suppliers of aftersales 
service. 
Some of our partners in associated services have a monopoly on their market. 
B. 
Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk that its customers may default on lease and/or Fleet Management contracts. 
C. 
Strategic risk 
The Group may be unable to compete successfully or competition may increase in the businesses in which it 
operates. 
D. 
Operational risks 
The invalidation of contractual provisions or a failure to perform them could involve the Group’s liability. 
The Group may be subject to litigation or administrative and/or legal proceedings that could harm its interests. 
Changes to the regulations governing vehicles with combustion engines may have a strong effect on the 
residual values of ALD fleet. 
The Group is dependent on the smooth functioning of its software systems, websites and mobile applications, 
and on its ability to continue to adapt them to future technological developments. 
Any disruption to, or third-party attack on, the Group's information technology systems could adversely impact 
its business. 
E. 
Treasury risks 
Inability to meet its financial commitments when they fall due. 
The Group is marginally exposed to interest rate risk and is exposed to a foreign exchange rise in countries 
outside the Euro zone. 
II. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES

--- Page 16 ---
13 
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should consult 
their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in the Notes and the suitability of 
investing in the Notes considering their particular circumstances. The following categories of risk factors are 
identified:  
A.  
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Limited events of default  
The Notes contain events of default and a holder of any such Note may only give notice that such Note is 
immediately due and payable in a limited number of circumstances. Such events of default do not include, for 
example, a cross-default of the Issuer's other debt obligations. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment 
of principal or interest on such Notes will be the institution of judicial proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged 
to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. Therefore, the liquidity 
and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected and investors who sell Notes on the secondary market 
could lose all or part of their investment. 
Noteholders' returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
If the Issuer were to be subject to French proceedings affecting creditors, Noteholders’ returns could be limited 
or delayed. Application of French insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes 
(such as the non-payment of interest and/or principal) and French insolvency laws may not be as favourable to 
Noteholders as the insolvency laws of other countries.  
In French judicial proceedings, being the safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) and judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) 
depending on the size of the business, creditors may be consulted either individually or through committee-based 
consultation. Should creditor committees be set up, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a 
single assembly of holders (the "Assembly") in order to defend their common interests.
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), whether or not 
under a debt issuance programme (such as a Euro Medium Term Note programme) and regardless of their 
governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated safeguard 
plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde financière accelérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) applicable 
to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
-
partially or totally reschedule payments which are due, write-off debts and/or convert debts into ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ownership (including with respect to amounts owed under the Notes); 
and/or 
-
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including Noteholders) if it justified 
by their differences in situation or in order to "take into account" subordination agreements entered into 
by the creditors before the commencement of the proceedings. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount of debt 
securities held by the holders expressing a vote). The quorum is the same as the one applicable to shareholders' 
ordinary assembly of société anonyme pursuant to article L. 225-98 of the French Commercial Code, being one-
fifth of the shares on first notice. 
The provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders described in the Conditions as set out in this Base 
Prospectus and if applicable, the relevant Final Terms, will not be applicable with respect to the Assembly to the 
extent they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt  and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring,  insolvency and discharge of

--- Page 17 ---
14 
debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 dated 20 June 2019 (the “Restructuring  Directive”) must be 
implemented by the Member States before 17 July 2021. Depending on how it will be implemented  into French 
law, it may modify French insolvency law described above and impact the situation of Noteholders in  the event 
that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject to the relevant French insolvency proceedings. 
More specifically, the Restructuring Directive is expected to impact the process of adoption of restructuring plans  
under insolvency proceedings. Creditors (including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which  
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in  
such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently similar to justify  
considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of interest. A  restructuring plan 
shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests 
is obtained in each and every class. If the restructuring plan is not approved by each and every class of affected 
parties, the plan may however be confirmed by a judicial or administrative authority by applying a cross-class 
cram-down. Therefore, when the Restructuring Directive is implemented into French law, it is expected that 
holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly and accordingly they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as 
any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several classes 
(with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class 
cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or one or several of the Issuer’s subsidiaries,  
could have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a 
class of creditor, as the case may be, could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part 
of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated BBB by S&P and BBB+ by Fitch, as 
described in the section "General Description of the Programme". The rating of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. There is no assurance that, following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings will 
continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the 
rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the rating 
agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes 
could be adversely affected. Further, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-solicited 
ratings are assigned, there can be no assurance that such ratings will not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings 
sought by the Issuer. 
Meetings of Noteholders and modifications; defined majorities may bind all Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and all 
Couponholders and Noteholders who did not respond to or rejected the relevant Extraordinary Resolution. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in the event that 
the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes 
in accordance with the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". An investor might not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed. 
Changes to applicable tax regimes 
The Issuer is subject to complex and evolving tax legislation in the countries in which it operates. Changes in tax 
laws or regulations or in their interpretations could adversely affect its tax position, such as its effective tax rate 
or tax payments.

--- Page 18 ---
15 
For further information on the taxation relating to the Notes, investors and/or Noteholders should refer to 
"Changes to applicable tax regimes" under the section entitled "Taxation – Further Tax Considerations". 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") which have denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination (as defined in the Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time will not receive a Bearer Note in definitive form (a "Definitive Note") 
in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Bearer Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
B. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for prospective investors, depending on the specific structure and features of such Notes. 
Notes subject to early redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption by the Issuer applicable to the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
Pursuant to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions, and if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in whole or in part the Notes prior to their Maturity Date through the exercise 
of the Issuer's corresponding option to early redeem the Notes.  
In such event, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the yield of the Notes that could be considerably less than 
anticipated by the Noteholders. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.  
In addition, any optional redemption of the Notes by the Issuer is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may 
be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates increase after the issuance of the Notes, the value of the Notes 
could be adversely affected and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes (see Condition 5(b) (Fixed Rate Notes - Accrual of interest)) are exposed to the risk 
that if interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, the value of the Notes 
could be adversely affected. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 6(b) (Floating Rate Notes - Accrual of interest)) are exposed to 
the risk that they cannot anticipate the interest income on the Floating Rate Notes. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, and 
therefore their investment return cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods 
and this will adversely affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
16 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Where the Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will 
be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") or other indices which are deemed 
to be benchmarks, investors should be aware that these have been the subject of recent international, national and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or 
disappear entirely or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes which pay a floating rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes) linked to or referencing EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the relevant 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate 
("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. 
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The Euro risk free-rate working group for the Euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in,  amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR and any other benchmarks will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR or such other benchmark to perform 
differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such 
factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, 
or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, EURIBOR or another benchmark.

--- Page 20 ---
17 
If the relevant reference rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate is identified, this 
may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being subject to replacement as described in 
"If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest will be changed in 
ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained" below, and the interest rate on such Notes will accrue at the last relevant rate plus the Margin, effectively 
converting such Notes into fixed rate instruments. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of European Union, 
United Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes 
could have a negative impact on the trading market for, value of and return on the Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or 
reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest will be 
changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent 
of such holders be obtained.  
Pursuant to Condition 6(c) and (e) which applies to any Notes which pay a floating rate of interest (including 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the fallback arrangements referenced in the Conditions will include the possibility that: 
i.
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a successor rate or a substitute rate (as applicable); and 
ii.
such successor rate or substitute rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required).
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative rate 
(as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Conditions (or any other 
document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine 
or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rate (as 
applicable) and the involvement of a Reference Rate Determination Agent, the fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time and the successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently from 
the discontinued benchmark. These could significantly affect the performance of a successor or alternative rate 
(as applicable) compared to the historical and expected performance of EURIBOR or the applicable benchmark.  
There can be no assurance that any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Notes will adequately 
compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can 
be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favorable 
to each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. 
Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant reference rate may 
find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the 
successor or alternative rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no successor or 
alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
is used for the following Interest Period. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as applicable).  
Furthermore, in the event that no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined and the affected Notes 
are effectively converted to fixed-rate Notes as described above, investors holding such Notes might incur costs 
from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit 
from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. There is a high 
probability that certain interbank offered rates will cease to exist or undergo changes that could increase the 
likelihood of the risks set out above materialising.

--- Page 21 ---
18 
Risks associated with Notes that reference SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate 
The market continues to develop with respect to SONIA and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as an alternative to EURIBOR (as the case may be).  In particular, whilst Notes may be issued under 
the Programme that reference SONIA or €STR using a compounded in arrear or weighted average formula, it is 
possible that the market or a significant part thereof may adopt a different application of such rate. The key terms 
to calculate and determine the applicable SONIA or €STR reference rate, such as for example the compounding 
structure applied (if any), the use of term rates (if any), the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions or the applicable observation method, may evolve over time in the debt capital markets and trading 
prices of Notes that reference SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate may be lower than those of later-issued 
indexed debt securities as a result.  
Interest on Notes which reference SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate is only capable of being determined at 
the end of an observation period and shortly prior to the relevant interest payment date. It may therefore be difficult 
(if not impossible) for investors in Notes which reference SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology or other operational systems, which could 
adversely impact their liquidity. Further, if the Notes become due and payable prior to their stated maturity, the 
rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter.  
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA and €STR reference rates in the debt capital markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA and €STR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA or €STR. 
Further, the composition and characteristics of SONIA and €STR are not the same and are different from the 
composition and characteristics of EURIBOR.  For example: 

SONIA is an unsecured overnight rate published by the Bank of England and reflects the average of the 
interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling overnight from other financial institutions based on actual 
transactions; and 

€STR is an unsecured overnight rate reported by the ECB as a volume-weighted trimmed mean based on 
borrowing transactions in Euro conducted with financial counterparties that banks report in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1333/2014 ("MMSR Regulation"). It is based on daily confidential statistical 
information relating to money market transactions collected in accordance with the MMSR Regulation. 
The regular data collection started on 1 July 2016 and €STR is based exclusively on the eligible data 
from the unsecured market segment of the MMSR. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SONIA or €STR (or any term reference rate derived on any of them) 
will perform in the same way as EURIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of 
changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, 
political, regulatory, judicial or other events. 
Because SONIA and €STR are published based on data received from a variety of sources, the Issuer has no 
control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability at any time 
without notice. There can be no guarantee, particularly given the relatively recent introduction and publication of 
these rates and their adoption as replacements for EURIBOR, that these rates will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes that reference 
SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate (as the case may be). If the manner in which SONIA or €STR is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading 
prices of the Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the ECB may withdraw, modify or amend published data 
relating to SONIA or €STR (as the case may be) in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate under 
the Notes for any day will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to data that the Bank of England 
or the ECB may publish after the interest rate for that day has been determined. 
Although the Bank of England and the ECB publish historical data (or historical indicative data) in respect of 
SONIA and €STR respectively, investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SONIA or €STR 
as an indicator of future changes in such rates.  Furthermore, since SONIA and €STR reference rates are relatively

--- Page 22 ---
19 
new reference rates, Notes that reference SONIA and €STR as the Reference Rate may not have an established 
trading market and an established trading market may not develop or may not be very liquid.  Similarly, if SONIA 
and €STR do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes that reference 
SONIA and €STR as the Reference Rate may be lower than those of Notes linked to reference rates that are more 
widely used. Investors in Notes that reference SONIA and €STR as the Reference Rate may not be able to sell 
such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
If a Benchmark Trigger Event (as further described in Condition 6 (e)) has occurred, the Rate of Interest 
on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Floating 
Rate Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, at any time that the 
screen rate that constitutes the Reference Rate for such Notes has been discontinued, or the relevant Benchmark 
is materially modified, permanently discontinued or prohibited, or, in certain circumstances as more fully 
described in the Conditions of the Notes, the Benchmark or the sponsor thereof is not approved under applicable 
law or rejected, withdrawn or suspended by the relevant regulator, then the Issuer will be required to use 
reasonable efforts to appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved 
in the issue of the Notes), (ii) an independent financial adviser, (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer and/or (iv) the 
Calculation Agent) who will determine a Replacement Reference Rate, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as well as any necessary concomitant changes to the Business Day Convention, the definition 
of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any changes or adjustments to the spread or other aspects of the Notes 
necessary to make such Replacement Reference Rate as comparable as possible to the previous Reference Rate. 
Such Replacement Reference Rate and any such other changes will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and any other person and each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate and such related changes and 
adjustments which will thenceforth apply to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and the involvement of 
a Reference Rate Determination Agent, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time and the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued Benchmark. Any regulatory changes 
could significantly affect the performance of a successor or alternative rate (as applicable) compared to the 
historical and expected performance of EURIBOR or any other applicable benchmark. 
There can be no assurance that any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes will 
adequately compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences 
and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the Rate of Interest on, and trading value of, the 
affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on 
the Reference Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges 
and replacing them with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Reference Rate for 
any Reference Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then the provisions for the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will not be changed (though the Issuer 
will be entitled but not obliged at any time thereafter to re-apply the provisions described in the first paragraph of 
this Risk Factor). In such cases, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on such Notes will 
be calculated based on the last Reference Rate observable on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, effectively converting such Notes into Fixed Rate Notes. In such circumstances and a rising 
interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The 
trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 23 ---
20 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as further described in Conditions 5 and 6 of the Terms and Conditions) may bear 
interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate may at any time be lower than the rates on the Issuer's other outstanding Notes. If a floating rate is converted 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the Issuer's other outstanding Notes. The 
conversion of the interest rate may affect the market yield of the Notes. Movements in the market spread could 
negatively affect the price of the Notes and could lead to losses for Noteholders. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes (as further described in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions) and 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount. The market value of such Notes 
tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the use of proceeds from Notes identified as Positive Impact Notes in the 
Final Terms will be suitable for an investor's specific investment criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of “positive impact” Notes (the "Positive Impact Notes") 
to finance or refinance, in part or in full new and existing eligible “positive impact” projects (such projects the 
"Positive Impact Projects"), which serves to deliver a positive contribution to one or more of the three pillars of 
sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential negative impacts have been 
duly identified and mitigated as defined in the positive impact bonds framework, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the "Positive Impact Bonds Framework") which is available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.aldautomotive.com/Portals/international/Documents/ALD_Positive_Impact_Bond_Framework-
VF2.pdf?ver=2018-09-18-101424-080) and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and the relevant 
Positive Impact Bonds Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Positive Impact Notes together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers that the Positive Impact Projects (as indicated in the "Reasons for the offer" paragraph in the 
relevant Final Terms and as more fully described in the relevant Positive Impact Bonds Framework) will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates It should be noted that there is no market consensus as to what constitutes, a "positive impact" project. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Positive Impact Bonds Framework complies with the guidelines 
set out in the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association (in its 2018 
edition) and refers to the concept of "positive impact" project as defined in the Principles for Positive Impact 
Finance published by the United Nations Environment Programme - Finance Initiative, it being specified that (i) 
such definition and guidelines may evolve from time to time and/or (ii) the Issuer may decide to depart from this 
definition and guidelines, in which cases such information will be specified in the relevant Positive Impact Bonds 
Framework. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any other third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Positive Impact Notes and in particular with any project, to fulfil any 
environmental and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Positive Impact Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Positive Impact Notes in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the relevant Positive Impact Bonds Framework, there can 
be no assurance that the relevant asset or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any asset, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such asset. Nor can there be any assurance that

--- Page 24 ---
21 
such asset will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the "positive impact" aspect) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or 
failure by the Issuer will not give a right to a Noteholder to request the early redemption or acceleration of the 
Positive Impact Notes held by it. 
Any such event or failure to apply all or part of the proceeds of any issue of Positive Impact Notes for any asset 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such other opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Positive Impact Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the avoidance of 
doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Positive Impact
Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification 
of whether the Positive Impact Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds, required 
by 
prospective 
investors. 
Investors 
should 
refer 
to 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.aldautomotive.com/investors/information-and-publications/debt-investors) or any second party 
opinion. 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes") contain particular risks for potential investors, including 
the following:  
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and outside 
the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues 
to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar.  
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over 
trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
Subject to the prior receipt of all necessary governmental approvals, the relevant Issuer may remit the net proceeds 
from the offering of Renminbi Notes into the PRC. There is no assurance that such approvals will be granted and, 
if granted, will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as capital 
contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis 
and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out 
of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted from time to time to match the policies of 
the PRC Government. 
In the event that the relevant Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, its 
ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from and registration with the relevant PRC 
government authorities. However, there is no assurance that the necessary approvals from and registration with 
the relevant PRC government authorities will be obtained at all or, if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended 
in the future. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation 
will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the 
effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no 
assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect 
the overall availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance 
its obligations under Renminbi Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or current regulations (including but not limited to the 
settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing or 
Renminbi outside of the PRC) will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of 
restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore 
market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi 
on satisfactory terms, if at all.  
Renminbi Notes issued under the Programme may only be held in Euroclear France, Euroclear and Clearstream,  
Noteholders may only hold Renminbi Notes if they have an account with Euroclear France or maintained with an 
Account Holder which itself has an account with Euroclear France (which include Euroclear and Clearstream).  
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless otherwise 
specified.  The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The PBoC 
has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. 
dollar to take into account market-maker quotes. This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase 
the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes 
in that foreign currency will decline.  
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risks
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable 
notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. Dollars on the due 
date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case may 
be. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi Notes
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations for such transfer and in 
accordance with the Conditions of the Renminbi Notes. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any 
other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). For persons holding 
Renminbi Notes through Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream payments will also be made subject to the 
procedures of Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream as applicable. 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules, as amended from time to time, 
any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-PRC resident enterprise may be subject to PRC 
enterprise income tax ("EIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. The PRC 
Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-
PRC resident enterprise holder from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules have reduced the 
EIT rate to 10 per cent.
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-PRC 
resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and

--- Page 26 ---
23 
become subject to the EIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply or enforce the PRC
Enterprise Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC 
and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise 
holders and individual holders, will not be subject to EIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the 
Notes.  
Therefore, if non-PRC enterprise or individual resident holders are required to pay PRC income tax on gains 
derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty between PRC and the 
jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise resident holders of Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts 
the relevant EIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
C. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit rating of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including, the market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity 
date. 
The value of the Notes that may be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other regulated market depends on 
several interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events in France and elsewhere, including 
factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at 
which a Noteholder may sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from 
the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. Therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that a trading market will develop or that it will be liquid 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and there can be no assurance that an active trading 
market will develop in the future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity and the market 
prices for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the Issuer’s financial 
condition and prospects and other factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Moreover, although the Issuer can purchase Notes at any moment pursuant to Condition 8(l) of the Terms and 
Conditions, this is not an obligation for the Issuer. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the 
secondary market of the relevant Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate 
these Notes on the secondary market. 
If the Final Terms provide that application is made for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that any particular application will be accepted, that such 
Series of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market in respect of such Series will develop or that, 
once accepted and/or admitted, such admission and/or listing will not be suspended or terminated during the life 
of the Notes of such Series. Such situation could materially affect the market value of the Notes. 
Changes in exchange rate and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss  
This Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a Specified Currency as defined in Condition 2(a). The Issuer 
will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's

--- Page 27 ---
24 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal as measured in the Investor's Currency.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus:   
1.
the English version of the universal registration document of the Issuer dated 26 April 2021 which 
includes an English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2020, and a free English translation of the statutory auditors' audit report on 
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 and 
which was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 26 April 2021 under visa no. D.21-0358 (the 
"2020 Universal Registration Document"), with the exception of cover page (page 1), Chapter 8 (pages 
243 
to 
245) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.aldautomotive.com/Portals/international/Documents/ALD_URD2020_EN_MEL_21-04-
27.pdf?ver=2021-04-27-142150-220);
2.
the English version of the universal registration document of the Issuer dated 9 April 2020 which includes 
an English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2019, and a free English translation of the statutory auditors' audit report on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 and which 
was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on 9 April 2020 under visa no. D.20-0284 (the "2019 
Universal Registration Document"), with the exception of cover page (page 1), Chapter 8 (pages 231 
to 
233) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.aldautomotive.com/Portals/international/Documents/ALD2019_URD_EN_V-
MEL_20_04_09.pdf?ver=2020-04-09-203825-410);
3.
the press release of the Issuer dated 6 May 2021 relating to the trading update of the first quarter 2021 
(the "First Quarter 2021 Results") with the exception of page 2 (“Confirmed outlook for 2021”) 
(available for viewing at: https://www.aldautomotive.com/Portals/international/Documents/21-05-
06%20PR%20ALD%20Q1%202021%20Results.pdf?ver=2021-05-06-065544-153); and
4.
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme: 
a.
base prospectus dated 25 June 2020 (pages 45 to 72) (the "2020 Conditions") (available for 
viewing at: https://www.bourse.lu/programme/Programme-Ald/13952)
b.
base prospectus dated 27 June 2019 (pages 45 to 68) (the "2019 Conditions") (available for viewing 
at: https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-Ald/13952);
c.
base prospectus dated 26 June 2018 (pages 42 to 65) (the "2018 Conditions") (available for viewing 
at: https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-Ald/13952); and
d.
base prospectus dated 26 June 2017 (pages 38 to 59) (the "2017 Conditions") (available for viewing 
at: https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-Ald/13952).

--- Page 29 ---
26 
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE IN RESPECT OF INFORMATION 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE REGARDING THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The following consolidated table cross-references the pages of the 2019 Universal Registration Document, the 
2020 Universal Registration Document and the First Quarter 2021 Results in this Base Prospectus with the main 
heading required under the relevant annexes of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Annex 7
A7.3 
RISK FACTORS
A7.3.1
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect 
the issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number 
of categories, in a section headed 'Risk 
Factors'. 
In each category the most material risks, 
in the assessment of the issuer, offeror or 
person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account the 
negative impact on the issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
Pages 100-109 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
A7.4
INFORMATION ABOUT THE 
ISSUER
A7.4.1
History and development of the Issuer
A7.4.1.1
the legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer;
Page 236 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
A7.4.1.2
the place of registration of the Issuer and 
its registration number and legal entity 
identifier (LEI);
Page 236 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
A7.4.1.3
the date of incorporation and the length 
of life of the Issuer, except where 
indefinite; and
Page 236 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
A7.4.1.4
the domicile and legal form of the issuer, 
the legislation under which the issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, and 
the address and telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus.
Page 237 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document

--- Page 30 ---
27 
Annex 7
A7.4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer 
and which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the issuer's 
solvency. 
Pages 1 and 3-6 of the First Quarter 2021 Results 
A7.5
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
A7.5.1
Principal activities:
A7.5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer's 
principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or 
services performed.
 Pages 10-12, 14-15 and 20 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.5.1.2
The basis for any statements made by 
the issuer regarding its competitive 
position. 
Pages 12-13 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.6
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE
A7.6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the issuer's 
position within the group. This may be 
in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure.
 Pages 28-30 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.6.2
If the issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence
 Pages 28-29 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.9
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES
A7.9.l
Names, business addresses and 
functions in the issuer of the following 
persons, and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer:
(a) 
members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory 
bodies;
Pages 50-66 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 31 ---
28 
Annex 7
A7.9.2
Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made.
 Page 66 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.10
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
A7.10.l
To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the nature of such 
control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not 
abused. 
Page 44 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.10.2 
A description of any arrangements, 
known to the issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result 
in a change in control of the issuer. 
Page 44 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES

--- Page 32 ---
29 
Annex 7
A7.11.1 
Historical Financial Information
Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest 2 financial years (or 
such shorter period that the issuer has been 
in operation), and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
(a)
consolidated income
statements; 
(b)
consolidated statements of 
comprehensive income; 
(c)
consolidated balance sheet; 
(d)
consolidated statements of changes 
in equity; 
(e)
consolidated statements of cash 
flows; and 
(f)
notes to consolidated financial 
statements 
Pages 138-202 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Pages 148-212 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Page 138 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Page 148 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Page 139 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Page 149 of the 2020 Universal  Registration Document 
Page 140 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Page 150 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Page 141 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Page 151 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Pages 142-143 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Pages 152-153 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Pages 144-198 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Pages 154-207 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 33 ---
30 
A7.11.1.3 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be 
prepared according to International 
Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is 
not applicable the financial 
statements must be prepared 
according to:  
(a)
a Member State’s national 
accounting standards for issuers 
from the EEA as required by 
Directive 2013/34/EU;  
(b) a third country’s national 
accounting standards equivalent 
to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country 
issuers.  
Otherwise the following information 
must be included in the registration 
document:  
(a)
a prominent statement that the 
financial information included 
in the registration document 
has not been prepared in 
accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards 
as endorsed in the Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may 
be material differences in the 
financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 been applied to the 
historical financial 
information;  
(b) immediately following the 
historical financial information 
a narrative description of the 
differences between 
Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the 
Union and the accounting 
principles adopted by the 
issuer in preparing its annual 
financial statements. 
Page 145 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document  
Page 159 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 34 ---
31 
Annex 7
A7.11.2
Auditing of historical financial 
information
A7.11.2.1 
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report 
shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014.  
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not apply: 
(a) the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true 
and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a 
Member State or an equivalent 
standard.  
Otherwise, the following information 
must be included in the registration 
document:  
(i) a prominent statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied;  
(ii) an explanation of any 
significant departures from 
International Standards on 
Auditing;  
(b) if audit reports on the historical 
financial information contain 
qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, such qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis 
of matter must be reproduced in full 
and the reasons given. 
Pages 199-202 of the 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Pages 208-212 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
A7.11.3 
Legal and arbitration 
proceedings
Page 105 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 35 ---
32 
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE IN RESPECT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Annex 15 
Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2017 
Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2018 
Base Prospectus dated 
27 June 2019 
Base Prospectus dated 
25 June 2020 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Pages 38 to 59 
Pages 42 to 65 
Pages 45 to 68 
Pages 45 to 72 
The sections referred to in the cross-reference tables shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of this Base Prospectus, save any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a section which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any section which is subsequently incorporated by reference 
herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly or by implication, or otherwise). 
In accordance with Article 19.1 of the Prospectus Regulation, the non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus 
dated 26 June 2017, the base prospectus dated 26 June 2018, the base prospectus dated 27 June 2019 and the base 
prospectus dated 25 June 2020 are not relevant for the investors.  
The information that is not listed in the above cross-reference tables but included in the documents incorporated 
by reference, is considered as additional information, is not required by the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, is given for information purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange www.bourse.lu. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Issuer does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
33 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of 
each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under 
the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising 
under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream 
and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the 
Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the 
Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, 
in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper.  
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any 
successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules substantially identical to the rules that 
currently apply under Code section 163(F)(2)(B) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.1635(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules 
substantially identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(F)(2)(B) (the "TEFRA D Rules") 
are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, free of charge, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest 
coupons, not earlier than 40 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of 
the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
If the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been 
made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on 
the due date for payment, then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global 
Note) will become void  at 8.00 p.m. (Paris time) on such due date  and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") not earlier than 
40 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. 
If: the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been 
made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, then 
the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 8.00 p.m. 
(Paris time) on such due date and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to any 
applicable notice requirements set out in the Permanent Global Note ; or
(b)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then only if any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs and is continuing. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of such Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and/or Talons attached (if so specified in the Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent

--- Page 38 ---
35 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note within 15 days commencing on the relevant 
due date for payment, then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 8.00 p.m. (Paris time) on such 45th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 8.00 p.m. (Paris time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled 
if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Supplemental 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
Overview of Supplemental Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions or the

--- Page 39 ---
36 
Final Terms, as applicable, for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise 
to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. 
Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes 
to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream  and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Capitalised terms used above but not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (1 0) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 41 ---
38 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ALD 
(formerly known as ALD International)  
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500E7V019H9NP7427 
Euro 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 July 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [
●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") which are the [2020 Conditions/2019 Conditions/2018 Conditions/2017 Conditions]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 9 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] in order to obtain 
all relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are the [2020 Conditions/2019 Conditions/2018 
Conditions/2017 Conditions] and which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]] 
In order to obtain all relevant information, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is 
/ are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1.
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series and 
be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] 
(insert description of the Series) on [[●] (insert date) / the 
Issue Date / exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note / Definitive Notes, 
which is expected to occur on or about [●] (insert date)] 
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i) 
Series: 
[●]] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]

--- Page 42 ---
39 
4.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] (insert date in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5.
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[€100,000 / [●] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
[If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If there is more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations]
6.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not Applicable]  
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example, Zero Coupon Notes) 
7.
Maturity Date: 
[●] (For Fixed Rate Notes, specify date) 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]] (For 
Floating Rate Notes and RMB Notes, insert month and 
year in which Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall)
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate / (Specify reference rate) [+/–] 
[ ●] per cent. Floating Rate / Zero Coupon] / 
[Fixed/Floating Rate]] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph[s] [13/14/15] below)
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100 / [●] per cent. of their nominal amount (this 
option applies to Zero Coupon Notes only)] (further 
particulars specified in paragraph[s][16/17/18/19/20] 
below)
10.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [] paragraph 
[13 / 14] applies and for the period from (and including) 
[], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13 
/ 14] applies / Not Applicable]. 
11.
Redemption Options: 
[Call Option]  
[Put Option]  
[Make-whole Redemption]  
[Squeeze Out Option]  
(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] [16/17/18] 
below)
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 43 ---
40 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i) 
Rate[(s)] 
of 
Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually / semi-annually 
/ quarterly / monthly / other (specify)] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] / 
specify other /[adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day" 1) / not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]2: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [•] / on [•] / Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ Actual/365 [or Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 [or Eurobond Basis] / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
[Regular Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest 
Amounts (if not the Fiscal 
Agent)3: 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent / Not 
Applicable (no need to specify if the Fiscal 
Agent is to perform this function)] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Specified 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●]
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
1
This option should be selected for RMB Notes
2
Not Applicable for RMB Notes
3
Only applicable for RMB Notes

--- Page 44 ---
41 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert "Not Applicable")
(iv) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[●]
(v) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (insert details)] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent / Not Applicable (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/[]] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]4
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (For example, EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[]/[Not Applicable]5
• 
D: 
[365/360/[]/Not Applicable]] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR ) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
4  
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA or €STR, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Principal Paying Agent. 
5  
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation 
Method; otherwise select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 45 ---
42 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/The Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ Actual/365 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xvi) 
Rate Multiplier 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] [Insert the Rate Multiplier and the 
applicable Interest Periods] 
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)       Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16.
Call Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[●]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
17.  
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 46 ---
43 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen Rate] 
(iii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not applicable/As set out in the Conditions] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[●]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20.
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
and Early Termination Amount 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
and/or Early Termination Amount 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or 
if different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Not Applicable / [●]  per Calculation Amount] 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Notes/specify the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or 
the Early Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21.
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[90 calendar days' notice / at any time / in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] / 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on 40 calendar days' notice / Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [90 calendar days' 
notice / in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]]

--- Page 47 ---
44 
(If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
other than "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", the Notes shall be tradeable only 
in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination 
(or 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination)) 
22.
New Global Note: 
[Yes / No] 
23.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (provide details)] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 13(ii) and 14(ii) and 14(iii) relate)
24.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes / No]  
Third Party Information 
[[●] (Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [●] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that 
to the best of its knowledge such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [●] (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of ALD: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 48 ---
45 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[●]. / Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [●]. / Not Applicable.] 
There can be no assurance that the listing and trading of the 
Notes will be approved with effect on [●] or at all. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2.
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated: [●] by 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited / [Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited]/ [●].] / The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
Ratings: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited / [Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited]/ [●]] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). / [●] (Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [●] (insert date of most recent list)) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. / [●] (Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating) is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
/ [●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it  forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal)  Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/[[Insert legal name of 
credit rating agency] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 49 ---
46 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/ 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:) 
["Save for any fees payable to the [Dealer(s) / [●]] , so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. / [●] / Not Applicable"] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.
[(Fixed Rate Notes only) YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
5.
[(Floating Rate Notes only) HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
Details of historic EURIBOR / SONIA / €STR can be obtained from Reuters / [●].] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds:  
[[●] / See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus)] / [The 
Notes constitute Positive Impact Notes and the net proceeds 
will be applied to finance and/or refinance [describe specific 
Positive Impact Projects and/or any relevant framework 
including website link, second party opinion and/or other 
relevant information where such information can be 
obtained] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name(s) and number(s))] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 17 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on [the second 
business day / [●]] after the day on which it was given to 
Euroclear and Clearstream.

--- Page 50 ---
47 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Whilst the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met. (include this text if "yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form)] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)  
If syndicated, names of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments:
[Not Applicable / [ ●] (give names and underwriting 
commitments)] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name)] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name and address)] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under "Forms of the Notes" above. 
1.
INTRODUCTION 
(a)
Programme: ALD (formerly known as ALD International) (the "Issuer") has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 
6,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c)
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and 
restated issue and paying agency agreement dated 9 July 2021 (such paying agency agreement 
as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal 
Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(e)
Overview Information: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2.
INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)"means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the

--- Page 52 ---
49 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, means the convention specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates depending upon which of the following Business Day 
Conventions are chosen: Following Business Day Convention, Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN Convention or No Adjustment; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(b)
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(c)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e)
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
where:

--- Page 53 ---
50 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2
will be 30; and 
(g)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 54 ---
51 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in accordance with the relevant Final Terms which, other than with respect to Zero 
Coupon Notes, shall not be less than its principal amount; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(b)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will 
be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(c)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred;  
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is so 
specified if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 55 ---
52 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Member State" means a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means that 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for payment of bearer debt 
securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(b)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Luxembourg and any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c)
either (i) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than Luxembourg 
and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum

--- Page 56 ---
53 
payable in euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day, or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi 
in Hong Kong and in the relevant Additional Financial Centre(s) (if any).  
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the Principal Financial Centre of such Member State as is selected 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
(b)
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c)
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong or the Additional Financial Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" shall mean EURIBOR in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where

--- Page 57 ---
54 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" shall mean in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. in each case in the Relevant Financial 
Centre; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to 
amend this definition; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i)
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable;

--- Page 58 ---
55 
(ii)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi)
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) above to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii)
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. Notes are serially numbered and issued with Coupons 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date) and Coupons in these Conditions are not applicable. Title to the 
Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No 
person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum Specified Denomination of Notes admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in 
a Member State or the United Kingdom will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
4.
STATUS 
The Notes and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu with all other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (except any such obligations as are preferred by law) and pari passu and rateably 
without any preference or priority among themselves. 
5.
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a)
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 59 ---
56 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well as before any judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. If the amount of interest payable for any period would otherwise be an amount 
less than zero, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
(e)
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, Notes denominated in RMB (the "RMB Notes") 
which are Fixed Rate Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each 
Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, for the relevant Interest Period. The 
determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination, or if different, the 
Calculation Amount, by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after 
confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination, or if different, the Calculation 
Amount, for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each 
of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of 
interest payable per Specified Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 
(Payments), the accrued interest per Specified Denomination, or if different, the Calculation 
Amount, shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, so calculated need be made. Interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, and multiplying such product by the 
actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned 
and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
(f)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
6.
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination (other than Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA or €STR):
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is not SONIA or €STR, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(ii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A)
request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency to provide a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date offered to leading banks in the interbank market of the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by leading banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time,

--- Page 61 ---
58 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean so determined plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate 
or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(d)
Screen Rate Determination which reference SONIA or €STR 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is SONIA or €STR: 
(A)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to 
Condition 6(e) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 6(h) (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to 
Condition 6(e) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 6(h) (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to Condition 6(e) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA rate shall be: 
(A)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 6(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance 
as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions from 
the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to

--- Page 62 ---
59 
determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. To the extent 
that any amendments or modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such 
guidance in order to determine the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Agent shall have 
no obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
amendment or modification in accordance with the foregoing, including for the 
execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the 
parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). 
(iii)
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to Condition 6(e) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business 
Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page. 
(iv)
For the purposes of this Condition 6(d): 
"Applicable Period" means,  
(A)  
where Lag or Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B)  
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and (ii) where €STR is 
specified as the Reference Rate, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with 
the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further 
provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ݎ݅−݌ܤܦݔ݊݅
ܦ
൰−1
݀݋
݅=1
቏ݔܦ
݀
Where: 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, 
as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website of the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's 
Website") in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the euro 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day;

--- Page 63 ---
60 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (such period not to be less than five Business Days without the Calculation 
Agent's prior written agreement); 
"ni", for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day i up to but excluding the following 
Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period:  
(A)  where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five 
Business Days); 
(B) where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, zero; 
(C)  where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is 
specified, five Business Days); 
"r" means: 
(A)  where in the applicable Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(B) where in the applicable Final Terms €STR is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either Lag or Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method, in respect 
of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(C) where in the applicable Final Terms SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); 
 (D) where in the applicable Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method:

--- Page 64 ---
61 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than 
any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above 
for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the Observation Method, 
the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) 
falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the 
relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;  
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be 
the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in 
effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(e)
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding Condition 6(c)(iv) above, if, at any time prior to or 
on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Benchmark 
Trigger Event has occurred: 
(i)
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next 
following Interest Determination Date (up until which time Condition 6(c)(iv) above

--- Page 65 ---
62 
will continue to apply)) use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an agent (the 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent") that shall determine, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner whether, for the purposes of determining the 
Reference Rate on each following Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, a Substitute Rate is available. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is a Successor Rate or a Substitute Rate, the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent will use such Successor Rate or Substitute Rate to determine 
the Reference Rate (such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate"). The Reference 
Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers 
involved in the issue of the Notes), (ii) an independent financial adviser, (iii) an 
affiliate of the Issuer and/or (iv) the Calculation Agent; 
(ii)
if the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Reference 
Rate in accordance with the foregoing, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will 
also determine concomitant changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, 
and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, and such other changes 
or adjustments necessary to make such Replacement Reference Rate as comparable as 
possible to the Reference Rate (including, but not limited to, any Adjustment Spread), 
in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Reference Rate and such guidance promulgated by associations involved 
in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international financial 
and/or debt capital markets as the Reference Rate Determination Agent may consider 
relevant for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(iii)
references to the "Reference Rate" in these Conditions will thenceforth be deemed to 
be references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any concomitant changes 
and adjustments determined in accordance with paragraph (ii) above. The 
determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and such concomitant changes and 
adjustments by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error, bad faith or fraud in the determination of the Replacement Reference 
Rate and any concomitant change and adjustments) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and any other person and each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate and 
such related changes and adjustments pursuant to this Condition 6(e); and
(iv)
as soon as reasonably practicable, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify 
the Issuer of the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices))) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the concomitant changes and adjustments 
determined in accordance with paragraph (b) above. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined that a Benchmark Trigger Event has 
occurred, and for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been or cannot be 
determined on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then no Replacement 
Reference Rate will be adopted, and in such case, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
will be the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any).  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6(e), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these terms and conditions will continue to apply in 
accordance with their terms). 
Where:

--- Page 66 ---
63 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Substitute Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Substitute Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Substitute 
Rate);
(b)
the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Substitute Rate, as the case may be; or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged);
(c)
 the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate. 
"Benchmark" means any figure which is a "benchmark" for the purposes of the BMR and 
where any amount payable under the Notes or the Reference Rate is determined by reference in 
whole or in part to such figure. 
"Benchmark Event" means, based on publicly available information that reasonably confirms 
that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of the original Reference Rate or the administrator 
or sponsor of the original Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or 
will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent is not, 
or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the original Reference 
Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes. 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means an Index Cessation Event or a Benchmark Event. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as may be 
amended from time to time). 
"Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the original Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the original Reference Rate; or 
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the original Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the original 
Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
original Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the original Reference Rate, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the original Reference Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the original Reference Rate, has ceased or will cease to provide 
the original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 67 ---
64 
(c)
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the original Reference Rate, 
or by the supervisor of such administrator, that the methodology for calculating the 
original Reference Rate has been changed, or will change, materially. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(a)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities. 
"Substitute Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 6 (e) has replaced the original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(f)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(g)
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity (as defined below) were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that 
if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity.

--- Page 68 ---
65 
(h)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i)
Rate Multiplier: If any Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) 
generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in 
the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 6(c) above by multiplying the Rate of 
Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject to any 
applicable Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest as described in 
Condition 6(h) above.
(j)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-
unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. If the amount of interest payable for any period would otherwise be an amount less 
than zero, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
(k)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7.
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i)
the Reference Price; and 
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all

--- Page 69 ---
66 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
(c)
Special tax redemption: If the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, be prevented by the laws of France from causing payment to be 
made to the Noteholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 10 (Taxation), then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall, upon giving not 
less than 7 nor more than 45 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest, on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after 
such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice to Noteholders shall 
be the later of: 
(i)
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes; and 
(ii)
14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid. 
(d)
Final Terms: The Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as otherwise 
provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) above and in Condition 11 (Events of Default), except if the 
Final Terms applicable to the Notes indicate that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the holders of the Notes prior to such Maturity Date in accordance with the

--- Page 70 ---
67 
provisions of paragraphs (e), (f), (h) and/or (i) below on the date or dates and at the amount or 
amounts indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving (unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 45 calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
(f)
Make-whole Redemption: Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) to the Noteholders, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or 
from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the "Make-whole Redemption Date"). Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be made at their Make-whole Redemption Amount.  
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Date on an annual basis at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption 
Margin, plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central 
European Time (CET)) ("Reference Dealer Quotation") or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such 
banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and the definition of Make-
Whole Redemption Rate shall be amended accordingly.  
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with

--- Page 71 ---
68 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices).  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g)
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and/or Condition 8(f) (Make-whole 
Redemption), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as 
the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) and/or Condition 8(f) (Make-whole Redemption) shall specify the serial numbers 
of the Notes so to be redeemed. In respect of Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) only, if any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.  
(h)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days or some other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon 
due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of 
the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by 
such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not 
such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i)
Squeeze out Option: If 80 per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of any Series have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may (the 
"Squeeze Out Option"), on not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) at any time prior to the Maturity 
Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such notice (the "Squeeze Out Redemption Date"), 
at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes of that Series at their principal 
amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date.
(j)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (i) above. 
(k)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 72 ---
69 
(i)
the Reference Price; and 
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
8(k) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction 
of 30E/360. 
(l)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, subject to applicable laws and/or regulations provided that 
all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may either 
(i) be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or (ii) be cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 8(m) (Cancellation) below. 
(m)
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries for 
cancellation and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be 
cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
9.
PAYMENTS 
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (i) in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency and (ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or 
on behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described 
in paragraph (a) above. 
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto:

--- Page 73 ---
70 
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the 
Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8(c) 
(Special tax redemption), Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8(f) 
(Make-whole Redemption), Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(h)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription). Upon the

--- Page 74 ---
71 
due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become 
void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k)
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollar: If Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each 
as defined below) occurs, the Issuer, on giving not less than five nor more than 30 days 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) to the Noteholders prior to the due 
date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of such payment by making 
such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the Spot Rate on the second FX Business Day prior 
to such payment or, if such rate is not available on such second FX Business Day, on the basis 
of the rate most recently available prior to such second FX Business Day. 
Any payment made under such circumstances in U.S. dollars will constitute valid payment, and will not 
constitute a default in respect of the Notes. 
"FX Business Day" shall mean a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in U.S. dollars in Hong Kong and New 
York. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the RMB Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two RMB Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of the RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes 
effective on or after the issue date of such RMB Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation becomes effective on or after the issue date of the relevant RMB Notes and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall exclude 
Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"RMB" means the lawful currency of the PRC; 
"RMB Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Days" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
"Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot U.S. dollar/RMB exchange rate for the 
purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent

--- Page 75 ---
72 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB 
Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available U.S. dollar/RMB official fixing rate for settlement 
on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters 
Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
The Calculation Agent will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any holder of the Notes for any 
determination of any Spot Rate determined in accordance with this provision in the absence of its own 
gross negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 9 (Payments) by the Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
10.
TAXATION 
(a)
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law.   
(b)
If, pursuant to French laws or regulations, payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer become subject to withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France, 
or any political subdivision therein, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon: 
(i)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
its having some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon;  
(ii)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder or on a bank account located in a 
non-cooperative state or jurisdiction, as defined by article 238-0 A of the French Code 
général des impôts or payment with respect to the Notes on a bank account opened in 
such non-cooperative state or jurisdiction; 
(iii)
where the payment made by the Issuer to the holder could have been made without a 
tax deduction if the holder had completed the applicable procedural formalities 
necessary for that holder to obtain the benefit from a reduced rate of tax deduction by 
application of a double tax agreement, but the holder did not complete such procedural 
formalities in respect of such payment; or 
(iv)
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of 
such period of thirty days.

--- Page 76 ---
73 
11.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly 
forthwith become immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Amount together with, if 
appropriate and subject as otherwise provided herein, interest accrued to the date of repayment, upon the 
occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"): 
(a)
default by the Issuer is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the 
Notes of a Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 days; or 
(b)
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes 
of a Series and (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for a period of 
60 days next following the service on the Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(c)
the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, an administrator or 
liquidator is appointed (or application from any such appointment is made) in respect of the 
Issuer or the Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its winding-up or liquidation by it or by such 
administrator or liquidator, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by 
creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
12.
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14.
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:
(a)
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c)
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying

--- Page 77 ---
74 
Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
15.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened 
by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount 
of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or 
more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one-
third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b)
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
16.
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
17.
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger 
Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date 
of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 78 ---
75 
18.
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a)
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b)
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c)
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d)
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") may be served on it by being delivered to Société Générale, London Branch 
("SGLB"), currently of SG House, 41 Tower Hill, London EC3N 4SG, or to such other person 
with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the 
Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 79 ---
76 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer either: 
- for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
- as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds; or 
- as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of the issue of “positive impact” Notes (the "Positive Impact 
Notes"), for the financing or refinancing in part or in full new and existing eligible “positive impact” projects 
(such projects the "Positive Impact Projects"), which serves to deliver a positive contribution to one or more of 
the three pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential negative 
impacts have been duly identified and mitigated as defined in the positive impact bonds framework, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time (the "Positive Impact Bonds Framework") which is available on the website 
of the Issuer:  
https://www.aldautomotive.com/Portals/international/Documents/ALD_Positive_Impact_Bond_Framework-
VF2.pdf?ver=2018-09-18-101424-080).

--- Page 80 ---
77 
TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective Purchasers should be aware that 
the statements below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be 
understood as such. Prospective purchasers of Notes should therefore consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This overview is based upon the law and interpretation hereof as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law and/or interpretation hereof that may take effect after such 
date, possibly with retroactive effect. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign pass-through payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Noteholders should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
Automatic exchange of tax information (“AETI”) 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has developed a common reporting 
standard (“CRS”) to achieve a comprehensive and multilateral automatic exchange of information (“AEOI”) on 
a global basis. On 9 December 2014, Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation (the “Euro-CRS Directive”) was adopted 
in order to implement the CRS among the member states of the European Union.  
Under the CRS Law, the exchange of information will be applied by 30 September of each year for information 
related to the preceding calendar year. Under the Euro-CRS Directive, the AEOI must be applied by 30 September 
of each year to the local tax authorities of the Member States for the data relating to the preceding calendar year. 
In addition, France signed the OECD's multilateral competent authority agreement (“Multilateral Agreement”) 
to automatically exchange information under the CRS. The Multilateral Agreement aims to implement the CRS 
among non-Member States; it requires agreements on a country-by-country basis.  
DAC 6 Directive  
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Directive 2018/822/EU (the “DAC 6 
Directive”) introducing mandatory disclosure rules for intermediaries. Depending on the transposition of the DAC 
6 Directive in the domestic laws, the Securities may qualify as "reportable arrangements" based on certain criteria 
defined by the DAC 6 Directive ("Hallmarks") and may be subject to disclosure to the tax authorities. 
The French and the other EU Member States' tax authorities can exchange the information automatically within 
the EU through a centralised database open to all EU Member States' tax authorities and the EU Commission.
French Taxation  
The following is an overview of certain French withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to Noteholders who 
do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Withholding taxes applicable on payments made outside France 
 
Payments of interest and assimilated income made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments are made

--- Page 81 ---
78 
outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 
238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a "Non-Cooperative State") other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis
of the same Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts6. If such payments under the Notes are made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code 
général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more 
favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des 
impôts.French Code général des impôts
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and assimilated income on 
such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if they are (i) paid or accrued to persons domiciled 
or established in a State or territory outside France where they benefit from a preferential tax regime within the meaning 
of Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts (the "Preferential Regime State") or in a Non-Cooperative 
State or (ii) paid to an account held with a financial institution established in a Preferential Regime State or in a Non-
Cooperative State (the "Deductibility Exclusion"). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and 
other assimilated income may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 and seq. of the 
French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other assimilated income may be 
subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 
12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income 
tax rate set forth in the first sentence of the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts
(i.e. 26.5 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2021) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not 
French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other 
than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain 
exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
However, with regard to interest and other assimilated income paid under the Notes to persons domiciled or established 
in a Preferential Regime State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in a Preferential Regime, 
neither the Deductibility Exclusion nor the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général 
des impôts that may be levied as a result of the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the 
Issuer can prove that the relevant interest or other assimilated income relate to genuine transactions and are not in an 
abnormal or exaggerated amount. 
Furthermore, with regard to interest and other assimilated income paid under the Notes to persons domiciled or 
established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in a Non-
Cooperative State, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général 
des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest or other assimilated income relate to genuine transactions and are not 
in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion (and therefore the withholding tax set out under 
Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts which may apply as a result of the Deductibility Exclusion) 
will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes 
were not that of allowing the payments of interest and other assimilated income to be made in a Non-Cooperative State 
(the "Exception"). Nevertheless, pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-
30-24/02/2021, n°150), an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any 
proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i)
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Regulation EU 2017/1129 as referred to in Article 
L 411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory 
or pursuant to an equivalent offer made in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with 
a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii)
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system provided 
that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is 
carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign entity, 
provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State; or 
(iii)
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
6
The list of Non-Cooperative States mentioned under Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts is in principle 
updated on a yearly basis by way of governmental decree. The French List has been last updated by the decree of 26 
February 2021, at which time it includes British Virgin Islands, Anguilla, Panama, Seychelles, Vanuatu, Dominica, Fiji, 
Guam, US Virgin Islands, Palau, American Samoa, Samoa, and Trinidad and Tobago.

--- Page 82 ---
79 
payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L 561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes applicable on payments made to French tax resident investors 
 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts, where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is 
established in France and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other assimilated income received by individuals 
fiscally domiciled in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal 
income tax liability in respect of the year in which the withholding tax has been paid. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS 
and solidarity levy) are also withheld at source at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other assimilated 
income, subject to certain exceptions. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Notes. It 
specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld at source and provides an 
indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for the withholding of taxes at the source. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This 
description is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus. The information contained within 
this section is limited to withholding taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information 
set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
All payments of interest and principal by the Luxembourg Paying Agent under the Notes can be made free and 
clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application, as regards Luxembourg 
resident individuals, of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 which has introduced a 20 per cent. final 
withholding tax on savings income. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg law of 23 December 
2005 is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of this law and not by the Issuer. 
Further Tax Considerations  
Changes to applicable tax regimes 
The Issuer is subject to complex and evolving tax legislation in the countries in which it operates. Changes in tax 
laws or regulations or in their interpretations could adversely affect its tax position, such as its effective tax rate 
or tax payments.  
In particular, European and French tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and are subject to varying 
interpretations. For example, the current incorporation into French tax law of the Organization for Economic 
Cooperation and Development's (the "OECD") principles related to base erosions and profit shifting ("BEPS") 
included in the final reports released by the OECD as well as the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty 
Related Measures to Prevent BEPS signed in Paris on 7 June 2017, may increase the administrative efforts within 
the Issuer's business and impact existing structures. 
Furthermore, the European Union continues to harmonize the tax legislation of the Member States. In this respect, 
the Council of the European Union (the "Council of the European Union") adopted a directive "laying down 
rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market" on 12 July 2016 
(Council Directive 2016/1164) (the "ATAD"). The ATAD was later amended on 29 March 2017 by the Council 
Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the "ATAD 2"), which, inter alia, extends the scope of the ATAD to hybrid mismatches 
involving third countries and provides that its provisions shall apply (subject to certain exceptions) from 1 January 
2020. Amongst the set of proposed measures, the ATAD provides for a general interest limitation rule pursuant 
to which the tax deduction of net financial expenses would be limited to 30% of the taxpayer's earnings before 
interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) or to a maximum amount of €3 million, whichever is higher 
(subject to several exceptions). Such new rules already apply since 1 January 2019 following to the transposition 
into French tax law by Article 34 of the French Finance Law for 2019 (Law 2018-1317 of 28 December 2018)

--- Page 83 ---
80 
(the "French Finance Law for 2019") of the general interest limitation rule provided for by the ATAD. The 
French Finance Law for 2020 (Law 2019-1479 of 28 December 2019) (the "French Finance Law for 2020") 
also introduced under French tax law the provisions of the ATAD 2 and thus repealed the existing French anti-
hybrid rules, as set forth in Article 212-I-b of the French Code général des impôts. See "Risk factors— Restriction 
to interest deductibility" for more details on this rule. 
In addition, Article 108 of the French Finance Law for 2019 introduced under French tax law, the anti-abuse 
provision provided for by the ATAD with respect to French corporate income tax, which aims to address abusive 
tax practices that are not dealt with by specifically targeted provisions. Pursuant to this provision, the French tax 
authorities might ignore an arrangement, or a series of arrangements, which, having been put into place for the 
main purpose or one of the main purposes of obtaining a tax advantage that defeats the object or purpose of the 
applicable tax law, are not genuinely taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances. 
The European Commission has also published a corporate reform package proposal on 25 October 2016, including 
three new proposals that aim at (i) relaunching the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base ("CCCTB") which 
is a single set of rules to compute companies' taxable profits in the EU, (ii) avoiding loopholes associated with 
profit-shifting for tax between EU countries and non-EU countries, and (iii) providing new dispute resolution 
rules to relieve problems with double taxation for businesses. The directive proposal on the CCCTB requires 
unanimity in the Council of the European Union for its adoption following consultation of the European 
Parliament (special legislative procedure), which gave its favourable vote on 15 March 2018. It is expected to be 
implemented in two steps, with the common base being implemented as a first step and consolidation being put 
in place swiftly afterwards. Furthermore, new rules on tax dispute resolution already apply since 1 July 2019 
following the transposition of Council Directive 2017/1852 of 10 October 2017 into French tax law as part of the 
French Finance Law for 2019. These new regulations could impact our tax position in the future. 
The Issuer often relies on generally available interpretations of tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates. It cannot be certain that the relevant tax authorities are in agreement with its interpretation of 
these laws. If its tax positions are challenged by relevant tax authorities, the imposition of additional taxes could 
require the Issuer to pay taxes that it currently does not collect or pay or increase the costs of its products or 
services to track and collect such taxes, which could increase its costs of operations and have a negative effect on 
its business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Restriction to interest deductibility 
The main limitations on deductibility of interest which could apply to the Issuer are outlined below. Such 
description is not exhaustive, Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the risk 
factors relating to tax. 
Please note that the below description is based on the rules currently in force under French tax legislation. The 
French Finance Law for 2019 included specific provisions which have implemented into French tax legislation 
the provisions of the ATAD regarding interest deductibility limitations in respect of fiscal years opened as from 
1 January 2019. 
In relation to such implementation, (i) the provisions of (x) Articles 212 bis and 223 B bis of the French Code 
général des impôts (i.e., the former 25% general limitation of deductibility of financial expenses ("rabot fiscal")) 
and (y) Article 209-IX of the French Code général des impôts (the "Amendement Carrez" limitation) have been 
repealed and (ii) the provisions of Article 212-II of the French Code général des impôts (i.e., existing thin-
capitalization rules) have been amended, as developed in more detail below. 
The other rules limiting interest deductibility generally remain unchanged, in particular the rules relating to the 
maximum deductible tax rate for interest paid to direct minority shareholders or to related parties in the sense of 
Article 39.12 of the French Code général des impôts (Articles 39-1-3 and 212-I-(a) of the French Code général 
des impôts). 
Interest paid by an entity to a direct shareholder are only tax deductible up to the rate referred to in Article 39-1-
3 of the French Code général des impôts (i.e., the annual average of the average effective floating rates on bank 
loans to companies with an initial maturity exceeding two years). By derogation, Article 212 § I-a) of the French
Code général des impôts provides that, with respect, to loans granted by a related party within the meaning of 
Article 39.12 of the French Code général des impôts, the interest is deductible up to the rate referred to in Article 
39-1-3 of the French Code général des impôts or, up to the rate that the borrowing entity could have obtained

--- Page 84 ---
81 
from independent financial credit institutions in similar circumstances if higher than the rate referred to in Article 
39-1-3 of the French Code général des impôts. 
The anti-hybrid provisions have been amended by the Finance Law for 2020 implementing ATAD 2. The prior 
rules provided under Article 212§ I b of the French Code général des impôts have been repealed and a new set of 
situations falling in the scope of those restrictions has been codified under Articles 205 B, 205 C and 205 D of the 
French Code général des impôts. As a general principle, hybrid schemes between associated companies (under 
the meaning of new Article 205 B, I 16° of the French Code général des impôts) originating a tax asymmetry 
effect (i.e., double deduction or deduction without inclusion) fall into those restrictions. As a result, interest paid 
by a French company to associated companies will not be deductible in France if (i) the same payment gives right 
to deduction in another jurisdiction (including if this results from a double tax residency of the debtor as provided 
by Article 205 D of the French Code général des impôts) or (ii) if said interest are nowhere included in the tax 
basis of the beneficiary. The tax asymmetry in this second instance (i.e., no inclusion) can result from (i) the 
difference in the qualification of the hybrid instrument used between the respective jurisdictions of the debtor and 
beneficiary, (ii) the difference in the analysis of which entity should get the allocation of the income (hybrid 
beneficiary or beneficiary with various establishments or attribution of the income to a non-taxable establishment), 
or (iii) the difference in the analysis of an hybrid debtor according to which payment is disregarded in the 
jurisdiction of the beneficiary. Although the aim of those provisions is primarily to cover schemes between 
associated entities, it also includes payments to third parties in case of a structured scheme i.e., an hybrid scheme 
with a third party which terms reflect the benefit of the tax asymmetry and where all or part of the tax gain is in 
fine reallocated to an associated company. Those new restrictions apply for fiscal years opened as from 1 January 
2020, save for certain provisions that will apply to fiscal years opened as from 1 January 2022. 
A general cap limits the deduction of the net financial charges incurred by a company or a tax group in accordance 
with Article 212 bis § II of the French Code général des impôts, as modified by the Finance Law for 2019. The 
cap applies at the company's level when the company is taxed on a stand-alone basis or at the tax group level 
when the company is a member of a tax consolidated group. The cap differs depending on various factual 
circumstances, namely (i) the net financial expenses of the company or tax consolidated group for a given fiscal 
year (i.e., difference between the financial expenses and the financial incomes acquired); (ii) their adjusted tax 
EBITDA for said fiscal year (corresponding to the taxable income before offset of carry forward tax losses and 
without taking into consideration net financial expenses and, to some extent, depreciation, provisions and capital 
gains/losses); (iii) the nature of the indebtedness (i.e., third party debt or intragroup debt appreciated between 
entities holding a stake of at least 50% or having de facto control); (iv) in case of intragroup debt, the average 
amount of related party debt exceeding 1.5 times the amount of its net equity where the company or the tax 
consolidated group will be regarded as thin-capitalized (i.e., "Thin-Capitalized Perimeter"); (v) the comparison 
between the total indebtedness of the company or the tax consolidated group with the one of the consolidated 
group, to which the company or tax consolidated group belongs (i.e., the "Indebtedness Safe Harbor"); and (vi) 
the comparison of the net equity ratio of the company or tax group over the assets compared to the one of the 
consolidated group to which the company or the tax group belongs (i.e., the "Financial Autonomy Safe 
Harbor"). As a principle, a company / tax consolidated group may deduct its net financial expenses within the 
limit of the higher between €3.0 million and 30% of the company / tax consolidated group's adjusted tax EBITDA. 
This general cap is increased by 75% of the portion of the net financial expenses which are non-deductible after 
application of the €3.0 million or 30% adjusted tax EBITDA limitation in three circumstances : (i) autonomous 
companies (i.e., companies which are not members of a consolidated group, have no establishment outside France 
and no associated company (appreciated between entities holding a stake of at least 25%); (ii) companies or tax 
consolidated groups belonging to a consolidated group which do not qualify as a Thin-Capitalized Perimeter and 
benefit from the Indebtedness Safe Harbor; and (iii) companies or tax consolidated groups belonging to a 
consolidated group which qualify as a Thin-Capitalized Perimeter but benefit from both the Indebtedness Safe 
Harbor and the Financial Autonomy Safe Harbor. A contrario, restrictive limitations may apply in case the 
company / tax consolidated group qualify as a Thin-Capitalized Perimeter (unless it benefits from the Indebtedness 
Safe Harbor) where the €3.0 million and 30% of the company / tax consolidated group's adjusted tax EBITDA is 
partially reduced to €1.0 million and 10% of the company / tax consolidated group's adjusted tax EBITDA for the 
portion of the net financial expenses corresponding to the intragroup debt in excess to the 1/1.5 debt to equity 
ratio. 
The limitation by the aforementioned tax rules of the Issuer's ability to deduct interest accrued on its indebtedness 
may increase its tax burden and therefore negatively impact its financial condition, results of operations and future 
cash flows.

--- Page 85 ---
82 
Financial transaction tax 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial transactions 
tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is still uncertain 
as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, 
transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be 
diminished. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 86 ---
83 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to Société Générale (the "Dealer" and, together with any other 
dealer(s) appointed pursuant to the Programme Agreement (as defined below) the "Dealers"). The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealer(s) 
are set out in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 9 July 2021 (such programme agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealer(s). Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the existing 
Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any other securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore 
transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered and that it will not offer, sell or deliver, 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche (the "distribution compliance period"), as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will 
have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, (iii) except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act and, accordingly, that neither it nor any of its affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of such Dealer 
or any of its affiliates) has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes and (iv) 
it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery 
of the Notes in the United States, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of any offering, an offer or sale of Notes from that offering 
within the United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Any person who subscribes or acquires Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus or delivery of the Notes, that it is subscribing or acquiring the Notes in 
compliance with Rule 903 of Regulation S in an "offshore transaction" as defined in Regulation S, or pursuant to 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 87 ---
84 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or  
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; and 
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and the expression an 
"offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and

--- Page 88 ---
85 
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France other than (i) to 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) and in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, or (ii) to a restricted circle 
of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs), provided that such investors are acting for their own account, in 
accordance with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, 
other than to investors as described in tems (i) and (ii) above, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or 
any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the Notes has not been submitted to the clearance procedures 
of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result 
in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules 
made under that Ordinance. 
People's Republic of China  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that other than to the qualified individuals or entities in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) which have been approved 
by the relevant PRC government authorities (including, but not limited to, the People's Bank of China, the China 
Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission and/or the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange) to subscribe for and purchase the Notes: 
(a)
neither the Base Prospectus, nor any advertisement or other offering material or information in 
connection with the Notes has been and will be registered, circulated, published or distributed in the 
PRC; and 
(b)
the Notes shall not be offered or sold, and will not be offered or sold to any investor for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, to any investor in the PRC, except in accordance with applicable PRC laws 
and regulations.  
The prospective investors in the PRC are responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory licences, 
approvals, verifications and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, any which may be required 
by the relevant PRC government authorities (including, but not limited to, the People's Bank of China, the China 
Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission and/or the State

--- Page 89 ---
86 
Administration of Foreign Exchange), and complying with all relevant PRC laws and regulations (including, but 
not limited to, all relevant securities laws and regulations, foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign investment 
regulations) at all times.  
The Republic of China (Taiwan) 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Taiwan, to investors other than "professional institutional investors" as defined under Article 4 of 
the Financial Consumer Protection Act, unless otherwise permitted by the laws and regulations of Taiwan. 
Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the Notes except by transfer to a 
professional institutional investor. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause 
such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent

--- Page 90 ---
87 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-
offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in 
a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 91 ---
88 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1.
AUTHORISATION 
No authorisation procedure is required of the Issuer by French law for the update of the Programme. 
However, to the extent that Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme may constitute obligations
under French law, the issue of such Notes have been authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer dated 9 February 2021 for a period of one (1) year up to a maximum amount of 
€2,500,000,000. 
2.
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Except as disclosed on page 105 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or 
have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or ALD Automotive.
3.
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE/MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE 
Except as disclosed in the paragraph entitled “Exceptional risks related to coronavirus” of the section of 
this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" on pages 11 and 12 which describes the adverse impact on 
the Issuer from the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2020 nor any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer and ALD Automotive since 31 March 2021. 
4.
AUDITORS 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés, 
members of the French compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes. 
5.
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof, as applicable) may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the offices of Société Générale Luxembourg at 11, avenue 
Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, Luxembourg for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of (a), (b), (c) and (h), these documents shall also be available for inspection in electronic 
form at https://www.aldautomotive.com/investors/information-and-publications/regulated-information
(in the case of (h) for a period of 10 years) or https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-
Ald/13952: 
(a)
the constitutive documents of the Issuer;
(b)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019; 
(c)
the First Quarter 2021 Results; 
(d)
the Agency Agreement;
(e)
the Deed of Covenant;
(f)
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(g)
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form); and
(h)
a copy of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 92 ---
89 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and, in respect of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms, as well as all documents incorporated by reference herein, shall also be available 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
6.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of business which could 
result in the Issuer's being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
7.
CLEARING OF THE NOTES 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium) and Clearstream (42 av. J.-F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg). The appropriate common 
code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
8.
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
9.
REFERENCE RATES 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR which is 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the EMMI is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may also be calculated by reference to SONIA 
or €STR, which are respectively provided by the Bank of England and the European Central Bank. 
Central banks, such as the Bank of England and the European Central Bank are exempt from the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The applicable Final Terms will specify the 
administrator of any other benchmark used as a reference under the Floating Rate Notes and whether or 
not such administrator appears on the above mentioned register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA. 
10.
CREDIT RATINGS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme has been rated BBB by S&P and BBB+ by Fitch 
in respect of Notes with a maturity of more than one year. 
The following is an explanation of the meaning of these ratings as provided by S&P and Fitch 
respectively: 
S&P – Long-Term Issue Credit Ratings: 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation. 
Ratings within this category may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or mins (-) sign to show 
relative strength with the rating category. 
Fitch – Long-Term Credit Ratings: 
'BBB' indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity.

--- Page 93 ---
90 
Ratings within this category may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or mins (-) sign to show 
relative strength with the rating category. 
11.
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500E7V019H9NP7427. 
12.
WEBSITE 
The Issuer's website is www.aldautomotive.com. The content of the website of the Issuer does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 94 ---
91 
i . 
ii
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ALD 
1-3 rue Eugène et Armand Peugeot Corosa 
92500 Rueil-Malmaison 
France 
DEALER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT and PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, Avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer  
as to English law and French law:
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP 
17, avenue Matignon 
CS 30027 
75378 Paris Cedex 8 
France 
To the Arranger and Dealer  
as to English law and French law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young et Autres
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris-la-Défense 1 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex  
France