--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
ALFA LAVAL TREASURY INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Kingdom of Sweden) 
Guaranteed by 
ALFA LAVAL AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Kingdom of Sweden) 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") Alfa Laval Treasury International 
AB (publ) (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Alfa Laval AB (publ) (the "Guarantor"). 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
"Central Bank"), as competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"), and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area 
("EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date 
hereof to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.  
The Issuer has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The Guarantor has been rated BBB+ by 
S&P. The Programme has been rated BBB+ by S&P. S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Ratings issued 
by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"), in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme by S&P.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
abilities of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in 
the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger 
SEB 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS 
HSBC 
ING 
NORDEA  
SEB  
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK AG 
9 November 2021

--- Page 3 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- iii - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms (as defined herein) for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme and declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche 
called the final terms (the "Final Terms") or, as the case may be, as supplemented, amended or 
replaced to the extend described in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Information Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" 
below that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, 
the issue, the offering and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; 
that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, the offering and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) not 
misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain or verify 
the foregoing. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document 
entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Dealer.

--- Page 4 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- iv - 
 
 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers have separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates have authorised the 
whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or 
accepts any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus, or any of the information provided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers do 
not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Notes. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other 
regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base 
Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes nor any Final Terms (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, or (b) 
constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise), and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor.

--- Page 5 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- v - 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling these Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes may  include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is

--- Page 6 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- vi - 
 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the "SFA") – 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).  
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under 
the Programme will not exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes 
(calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription 
and Sale")). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding and 
guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to 
a Member State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "SEK" or 
"Swedish Kronor" are to the lawful currency of Sweden, references to "DKK" or "Danish Kroner" 
are to the lawful currency of Denmark, references to "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People’s 
Republic of China, references to "JPY" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "NOK" 
or "Norwegian Kroner" are to the lawful currency of Norway. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and

--- Page 7 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- vii - 
 
 
registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which 
is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation. Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the 
UK CRA Regulation.  
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of CIBOR, 
EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each of The Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as administrator of CIBOR), 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) is included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union ("EU"), 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Suitability of Investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing

--- Page 8 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- viii - 
 
 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ..................................................................................................................... III 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................ 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 15 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 31 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................... 33 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 39 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 76 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......... 89 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 92 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ............................................................................................ 95 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 120 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 127

--- Page 10 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 10 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Alfa Laval Treasury International AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
("LEI"): 
549300JCAG8ICQAUC638 
Guarantor: 
Alfa Laval AB (publ) 
Guarantor LEI: 
549300UCKT2UK88AG251 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Arranger: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Standard Chartered Bank AG and Svenska Handelsbanken AB 
(publ), and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Ireland Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or 
(2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed to the 
extent described in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may

--- Page 11 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 11 - 
 
 
be, as supplemented, amended and/or restated to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market. The Programme 
also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or, in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s), and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
as described in the Dealer Agreement) aggregate principal 
amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches.  
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Bearer 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No 
single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of 
either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
(each as defined below), in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in

--- Page 12 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 12 - 
 
 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D 
Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either 
be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name 
of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s), subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations as described in Condition 4(a) 
(Status of the Notes). 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general and 
unconditional obligations of the Guarantor which will at all 
times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor as described in Condition 
4(b) (Guarantee of the Notes). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of not less than 365 days, subject, in relation to

--- Page 13 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 13 - 
 
 
specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount which shall not be less than par as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption or Purchase on 
Change of Control: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed or purchased before 
their stated maturity on a change of control (as described in 
Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put Option), to the extent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" and "Redemption 
or Purchase on Change of Control" above, early redemption will 
only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, as further described in Condition 7(i). 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire 
shares (or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by 
the Issuer or by any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank (or equivalent body) requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made free and clear of

--- Page 14 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 14 - 
 
 
withholding taxes of The Kingdom of Sweden unless the 
withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the 
case may be) the Guarantor will (subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding 
been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been rated BBB+ by S&P. The Guarantor has 
been rated BBB+ by S&P. The Programme has been rated BBB+ 
by S&P.  Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America (also herein referred to as "United 
States", "USA" or "U.S."), the EEA, Belgium, Singapore, the 
UK and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 15 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 15 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Notes, the business of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry or industries in which each of 
them operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus (including 
information contained in the documents incorporated by reference), including, in particular the risk 
factors described below. The risk factors are presented in categories and where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant 
category for such risk factor. The most material risk factor in a category is presented first under that 
category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when 
making an investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have 
a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline 
and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and 
their personal circumstances. 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor as separate entities 
The Issuer functions as the internal bank of the Group (as defined below) and is a subsidiary of the 
Guarantor. It concentrates on financing activities and most of its assets consist of loans to the 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries, and therefore, the Issuer is dependent on loan repayments or 
intercompany transfers of funds it receives from such entities to be able to service and repay the 
Notes. Accordingly, if the Guarantor or any other entities within the Group do not service in full such 
intercompany loans, this would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. The Issuer’s operations are carried out according to a centrally 
determined finance policy designed to minimise the liquidity, refinancing, currency, interest rate and 
credit risks to which the Group is exposed. In conducting its operations, the Issuer is exposed to 
various types of financial risks (see "Financial risks" below). 
Further, the Guarantor is a holding company and is dependent on receipt of sufficient income related 
to the operations of, and the ownership in, its consolidated subsidiaries (together with the Guarantor 
the "Group"), which are legally separate and distinct from the Guarantor and have no obligation to 
pay amounts due with respect to the Guarantor's obligations and commitments or to make funds 
available for such payments to enable the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee of the 
Notes. The ability of any operating company of the Group to make such payments to the Guarantor is 
subject to, among other things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions, the terms of each 
company's indebtedness and local law. 
Based on the above, the risk factors mentioned in this Base Prospectus and described as being relevant 
for the Group are relevant also for the Issuer and the Guarantor as separate entities.

--- Page 16 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 16 - 
 
 
Risks related to the Group's business that may affect the Issuer's and the Guarantor's abilities 
to fulfil their obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the Group’s operations 
The Group could be adversely affected by global economic and market conditions as well as political 
conditions in regions in which the Group operates   
The Group is a global provider of products in the areas of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling 
and offers its products and services in around 100 countries in the regions of the Nordics, Western 
Europe, Central & Eastern Europe, Asia, Latin America, North America and Africa & Oceania. As of 
31 December 2020, 78 per cent. of the Group’s orders received were attributable to Asia, North 
America and Western Europe. Sales to countries outside Sweden amounted to 97.6 per cent. of total 
sales and approximately 86 per cent. of the Group’s employees work outside Sweden. Consequently, 
the Group’s business and operating results are materially affected by global macroeconomic and 
financial market conditions, and could be adversely impacted by economic or financial crises, a global 
or regional economic slowdown or recession. In an overall economic downturn, the Group could be 
affected with a delay of six to twelve months depending on the business division. During such 
economic downturn – which could be characterised by higher unemployment rates, lower income, 
lower corporate profits and fewer investments – there is a risk that the demand for the Group’s 
products would decrease and thus have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s business and 
revenues. For example, due to recent changes in market fundamentals which have caused structural 
imbalances in specific parts of the Group’s Oil and gas business and parts of its Marine business, in 
December 2020, the Group announced a restructuring programme to adapt its organisation to new 
market conditions. The total restructuring cost amounts to SEK 945 million and approximately 600 
employees mainly in North America and Western Europe will be affected by the programme. 
Economic conditions may be affected by various events that are beyond the Group’s control, such as 
natural disasters, political instability, power outages, telecommunications failures and pandemics. For 
example, the outbreak of the coronavirus disease ("COVID-19") proved to have a large impact on the 
world economy and the international business climate and thereby on the Group. Lockdowns in many 
regions within countries or in entire countries during certain periods have limited the Group’s ability 
to visit potential customers and perform service on site for customers, and as a result of the volatility 
caused by the pandemic, the Group’s order intake declined by 10 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019. 
The future development of the COVID-19 situation remains uncertain and depends on the spread of 
the virus, the emergence of new strains and the response of the local authorities and the global 
community, including in respect of the efficacy of vaccines and the success of vaccination 
programmes. Accordingly, COVID-19 continues to present material uncertainty and risk and could 
have adverse effects on the Group’s revenues, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of 
operations. As such, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may accentuate most of the risks 
described in the risk factors below. 
Changes in the political situation in a region or country or political decisions affecting an industry or 
country could also materially affect the Group’s operations. This presents risk in terms of changes in 
foreign trade policy and trade barriers, as well as governments or international bodies imposing 
sanctions on countries, goods and services, or persons which may impede the Group’s ability to do 
business. Failure to comply with sanctions and export control could result in significant fines and 
penalties, denial of trade privileges, criminal proceedings and in turn, reputational damage for the 
Group. A negative development in political decisions or administrative or bureaucratic provisions put 
in place in one or more jurisdictions in which the Group or its customers operate, could lead to a 
reduction in the demand for the Group’s services, cancelled or changed customer agreements, 
difficulties in collecting receivables and a higher cost of doing business, all of which would 
negatively affect the business, the operating result and the financial position of the Group.

--- Page 17 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 17 - 
 
 
If the Group fails to develop, launch and market new products, respond to technological development 
or compete effectively, its business and revenues may suffer 
The markets for the Group’s products and services are characterised by technical developments, 
changes in industry standards, rapid changes of the requirements of customers, and the markets are 
competitive. The Group’s ability to respond to changing customer needs with new products and 
improved versions of existing products, and to identify new areas of application for existing products 
and key technologies, is therefore fundamental to its profitable growth, and being characterised by 
innovation and invention since it was founded in the 1880s, the Group is dependent on meeting such 
expectations and demands from its customers. Accordingly, the Group’s costs for research and 
development amounted to SEK 1,039 million in 2020, corresponding to 2.5 per cent. of its net sales.  
Further, for the Group to achieve profitable growth, it is crucial to identify new market demands and 
transform them into products faster than the Group's competitors. Competitors may find better and 
more cost-efficient ways to produce and distribute products and services. One of the challenges in this 
respect is to continuously develop innovative, sustainable products that consume less resources, which 
particularly is a focus within the Group’s Energy Division where heat transfer technology is critical in 
driving energy efficiency in a wide range of applications. Product development efforts also reflect 
national and regional legislation, including in the United States and the EU, on issues, such as 
emissions, noise, vibrations and recycling. There may even be an increased risk of competition in 
emerging markets where low-cost products are not affected to the same extent by similar regulation. 
The Group’s revenues and market share may suffer if it is unable to successfully introduce new 
products in a timely fashion or if new or enhanced products or services are introduced by its 
competitors that its customers find more advanced and/or better suited to their needs. There is also a 
risk that the money invested in researching and developing new technologies will, to a considerable 
extent, have been spent in vain if the technologies developed or the products derived therefrom are 
unsuccessful in the market. If the Group does not act swiftly and efficiently with regard to changing 
technology and fails to improve its existing products and to develop and introduce new products that 
are in line with technical advances and new industry standards, there is a risk that the Group may not 
be able to compete effectively and will lose customers and market share, in turn negatively affecting 
the Group’s results. 
The Group is exposed to price fluctuations and availability of certain raw materials in its production 
and reliance on suppliers 
The Group depends on deliveries of raw materials, such as aluminium, stainless steel, cast metal, 
copper and titanium for the manufacture of its products. Direct materials is the largest item in the cost 
of goods sold, accounting for a full 70 per cent. in 2020. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to the 
prices of such raw materials, some of which are volatile and subject to fluctuations arising from 
changes in supply and demand, economic conditions, labour costs, competition, government 
regulation and trade policies. Although the Group strives to secure long-term supply commitments 
and have fixed prices during six to twelve months as well as use derivatives for metals and electricity, 
the Group may have limited ability to control the timing and level of changes to prices that it pays for 
raw materials and the Group may be unable to increase its prices to absorb such increased costs. A 
delay or failure in the Group’s ability to pass on price increases to its customers could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, labour disputes 
(involving the Group’s employees or consultants as well as the employees or consultants of the 
Group’s partners), weather conditions affecting products or shipments, transportation disruptions or 
other factors beyond the Group’s control. In particular, the supply of titanium has occasionally been 
limited as there are only a limited number of possible suppliers. The loss of, or a substantial decrease 
in the availability of, materials from the Group’s suppliers, the loss of key suppliers, or a failure by 
suppliers to continue to supply the Group with raw materials, in sufficient quantities, in a timely

--- Page 18 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 18 - 
 
 
manner or on commercially reasonable terms could put pressure on the Group’s operating margins 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
Furthermore, with an increasingly global supply chain, the Group is subject to sustainability risks 
such as adverse effects on the environment, health and safety, human rights and business ethics in the 
Group’s business operations. The Group’s business principles build on the United Nations (the "UN") 
Global Compact, the OECD Guidelines for multinational enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles 
for Business and Human Rights and incorporate the UK Modern Slavery Act and there is a risk that 
deviations from the business principles occur by suppliers or that human rights of individuals linked 
to the Group are violated through, for example, child labour, forced labour or restrictions on freedom 
of association. Globalisation gives the Group new business opportunities for increased sales as well as 
lower costs for manufacturing the products, but when part of the supply chain is moved to countries 
with lower costs, the risk of failures in such ethical aspects of business operations increases. Any such 
failures in the supply chain could have an adverse impact on people, the environment and society, and 
in turn lead to brand damage, loss of customers and difficulties in recruiting and retaining employees 
for the Group. Moreover, since the Group manufactures products for customers with specific demands 
due to industry standards, for example marine, food and pharmaceutical customers, the Group uses 
metals that may originate from areas classified as "conflict areas". If conflict minerals were to be used 
in the production of any of the Group’s products due to a failure in the Group’s due diligence of its 
suppliers, it could damage the Group’s reputation and in turn have an adverse effect on its growth and 
profitability. 
The Group is subject to risks related to business interruptions and IT failures  
The Group has 39 major manufacturing units spread across Europe, Asia, the United States and Latin 
America. For its day-to-day operations, the Group is dependent on well-functioning business 
processes as it develops, manufactures and sells equipment and installations primarily in the areas of 
separation, heat transfer and fluid handling. If these processes do not function efficiently, it could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s overall business. Consequently, the Group is exposed to risks 
related to outages and disruptions in its key business processes, which may be caused by, among other 
things, data viruses, power outages, human or technical errors, sabotage, weather and nature-related 
events, pandemics or problems due to deficient care and maintenance. Each such risk could cause 
significant damage to equipment and severe interruptions in the Group’s productions leading to 
setbacks in its ability to manufacture and distribute its products. For example, one of the key business 
processes the Group is dependent on is a well-functioning information technology ("IT") 
infrastructure which is necessary to manufacture and sell products as well as to perform the Group’s 
services. The requirement of a well-functioning IT infrastructure has become more important in the 
last few years following the trend of increased digitalisation and the need to adjust to digital 
interaction due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as evidenced by the Group’s work on transforming its 
sales of service and spare parts as well as customer service in line with its strategy to make them more 
digitised and data based. Accordingly, IT attacks, errors and damage to IT systems, operational 
disruptions or defective or incorrect deliveries of IT services from the Group’s IT providers that lead 
to extensive disruption of its services would adversely affect the Group’s business and results.  
The Group’s insurance policies may provide insufficient protection 
The Group has insurance programmes with respect to, among other things, property, business 
interruption, liability (including product liability), transport, life and pensions. Although the Group 
strives to maintain an insurance coverage that entails an appropriate insurance protection, the Group is 
not fully insured against all possible risks and insurance coverage for all types of risks may not be 
available, at a reasonable cost or at all, and there is a risk that the insurance coverage obtained proves 
to be insufficient. Hence, if an accident were to occur causing damage in excess of the applicable 
insurance limits or not covered by insurance, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 19 - 
 
 
The Group may not be able to attract and retain key personnel or skilled employees 
The Group is a global company that offers products and solutions in the areas of heat transfer, 
separation and fluid handling. The Group’s production and services require qualified managers, 
engineers, technicians and staff with key skills with respect to, among other things, product 
development, manufacturing, sales and marketing, IT security, business development, strategy and 
project management. The Group’s future growth and ultimately its success depends on its ability to 
hire and retain qualified personnel with the level of expertise, knowledge of its products or industry 
necessary to conduct its operations. Given that the Group constantly needs to introduce new or 
enhanced products, it is important that it is able to attract people with sufficient expertise in its 
product areas, particularly its research and development organisations (see "If the Group fails to 
develop, launch and market new products, respond to technological development or compete 
effectively, its business and revenues may suffer" above). The competition for qualified staff within all 
of the areas mentioned above, especially with the relevant technical key skills, is tough, and there is 
therefore a risk that the Group will not be able to hire appropriate staff to achieve its goals. Also, 
certain aspects of the Group’s production involve risks for the Group’s employees as certain 
employees are working with dangerous machinery and equipment which requires the production sites 
to maintain a high level of safety procedures in order to avoid workplace accidents. Should such 
safety procedures prove inappropriate or insufficient, or if employees do not follow applicable safety 
instructions and procedures, it may result in health and safety risks and the risk of employees being 
injured or even killed, and in turn causing dissatisfaction among employees, adversely affecting 
productivity and the Group’s reputation as an employer. If the Group fails to attract and retain 
qualified staff, this could negatively impact the Group’s business by impairing its ability to 
successfully develop its products, to identify new business opportunities and to ultimately execute its 
strategy successfully. Accordingly, if the Group fails to attract and retain qualified staff, it could have 
an adverse effect on the development of the Group, its growth and profitability.  
Furthermore, to attract and retain appropriate staff, the Group may need to increase its overall levels 
of remuneration, which could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. In 2020, personnel 
costs totalled SEK 10,419 million. As intense competition for skilled employees may lead to 
increased remuneration levels and in turn adversely affect the Group’s results of operations, 
conversely, if the Group were to offer lower remuneration levels, that may lead to employees 
choosing to terminate their employment, this could result in a lack of resources and competence and 
would adversely affect the Group’s current and future operations. In addition, if the Group were to 
hire unsuitable staff, in permanent or temporary positions, or recruit such personnel as subcontractors, 
there is a risk that this could damage the Group’s reputation and have an adverse effect on the growth 
and profitability of the Group. 
Environmental risks  
The Group is active in around 100 countries and is subject to a variety of environmental risks. The 
Group affects the environment through its supply chain, in its operations, through the use of natural 
resources, and by generation of emissions, wastes and wastewater, in the distribution of, as well as, in 
the use and final disposal of its products. For example, the subsidiary Alfa Laval Corporate AB is 
involved in operational activities that are subject to an obligation to report and compulsory licensing 
pursuant to Swedish environmental legislation. The permits mainly relate to the manufacturing of heat 
exchangers in Lund and Ronneby and the manufacturing of separators in Tumba and Eskilstuna which 
affect the external environment through discharges into the air and water and through waste and noise. 
Although the Group monitors and measures its environmental performance and controls its use of 
chemical substances, and its larger sites are ISO 14001 certified, there is a risk that an incident may 
occur that causes significant environmental damage, and which may lead to long term environmental 
impact, negative impact on people, fines and reputational damage to the Group and there is a further 
risk that the use of hazardous chemicals leads to severe illness or has a serious negative impact on the 
environment or on society.

--- Page 20 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 20 - 
 
 
The Group may also incur costs relating to requirements under various local environmental 
legislation, e.g. to reduce emissions, to restore land at previously or currently owned industrial sites, 
to arrange more effective waste disposal or to obtain prolonged or new concessions. Furthermore, 
many of the laws and regulations relating to climate change provide for substantial civil and criminal 
fines for non-compliance which, if imposed, could result in material costs or liabilities.  
The degree to which environmental risks may affect the Group is uncertain, and presents a risk of 
subjecting the Group to (among other things) penalties, fines, loss of operating licences and lost 
revenues. Should any environmental risks as described above materialise, it would cause reputational 
harm to the Group, especially since the Group’s products, particularly within heat transfer, aim to 
reduce overall negative environmental impact. Any of these consequences could in turn risk having a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and results. 
Legal and compliance risks 
The Group is exposed to regulatory, compliance and governance risks 
The Group’s business is directly and indirectly affected by legislation, regulations and special 
requirements from authorities and other entities, such as insurance companies and industry 
organisations. The Group has a global market presence and is subject to complex regulatory 
environments in multiple jurisdictions, at a time of stricter legislation and increased enforcement 
activity and initiatives worldwide, especially within areas such as anti-bribery and anti-corruption, 
trade sanctions regulations, export controls, competition rules and data privacy. In addition, a main 
focus for the Group is to minimise accidents on sites and work-related illnesses which are present 
risks in the Group’s line of industry, also making the Group subject to a broad range of health and 
safety laws and regulations. The cost of complying with, and the liabilities and the potential sanctions 
imposed pursuant to breaches of, applicable health and safety laws and regulations could be 
significant on a Group level. Non-compliance could result in civil and criminal sanctions, loss or 
suspension of permits, temporary or permanent closure of operations, lawsuits and other claims by 
third parties (including liability for personal injury and property damage). Further, the Group faces the 
risk of fraud or other illegal acts by, amongst others, its employees or relevant business partners. 
Although the Group’s governance and compliance processes are designed to provide reasonable 
assurance of compliance and the Group strives for continuous improvements, there can be no 
assurance that the Group’s governance and compliance processes will prevent violations of applicable 
law or governance standards in its operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and other 
standards could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and operational results by subjecting it 
to, including but not limited to, fines, loss of operating licenses and reputational harm. 
There is a further risk that legislation, regulations and requirements issued by authorities and other 
applicable entities may change in the future, for example with regards to regulatory requirements, 
tariffs or trade barriers or other governmental policies in countries where the Group is operating and 
thus change the conditions for the Group’s business. New directives from the authorities may be 
issued with regards to requirements for specific manufacturing or practices, such as licensing 
according to environmental legislation (see also "Environmental risks" above). There is a risk that the 
Group does not manage to fulfil changed criteria for issuance of permits and authorisations. Such 
changed criteria may also lead to increased costs for the Group during a possible adjustment period to 
retain the required permissions, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s business and 
results. Non-compliance could also result in lower quality, lost income, delays, penalties, fines or 
reputational damage. If the Group does not fulfil these different requirements, there is a risk that this 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
The Group’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and the Group has notes listed on Euronext 
Dublin. By having securities listed, the Group is (among other things) subject to certain rules 
regarding financial reporting which requires the Group to ensure efficient internal control and 
financial reporting routines. Failing to maintain efficient internal control and financial reporting

--- Page 21 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 21 - 
 
 
routines may lead to investigations or sanctions by the authorities, which could have a negative effect 
on the Group’s business and reputation and the confidence of investors in the financial information 
reported by the Group. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
The Group is, and may continue to be, involved in legal proceedings. Many of these disputes relate to 
claims arising in the ordinary course of business including but not limited to product liability, 
intellectual property, antitrust, environmental issues, and the interpretation of sales, supplier, 
distribution and employment contracts. Such disputes and claims may be time-consuming, disrupt 
normal operations, involve large amounts, detrimentally affect customer relations and result in 
significant costs that the Group incurs with regards to compensation, litigation costs or penalties 
and/or faulty products or systems (including in relation to the replacement and/or repair of such 
products and/or systems). Products delivered by the Group may break down and cause damage to life 
and property, which is mainly a risk concerning high-speed separators due to the large forces that are 
involved when the bowl in the separator spins with a very high number of revolutions. Insurance 
programmes which the Group maintains include product liability, but may not provide sufficient 
protection (see "The Group’s insurance policies may provide insufficient protection" above). 
The Group was, as of 30 September 2021, named as a co-defendant in a total of 582 asbestos-related 
lawsuits with a total of approximately 582 plaintiffs. Separately, the Group’s net claims costs 
amounted to SEK 422 million as of 31 December 2020, which corresponded to 1 per cent. of its net 
sales. Further, the Group has approximately 17,000 employees and as such from time to time faces 
labour-related disputes with current or former employees in relation to various matters. Since the 
Group’s business is directly and indirectly affected by laws and regulations (for further information, 
see "The Group is exposed to regulatory, compliance and governance risks" above), it is also subject 
to regulatory oversight which may lead to regulatory investigations.  
In the event such disputes arise and the Group is held liable in damages or enters into a settlement 
agreement, there is a risk that claims will not be covered in full by the Group’s insurance. In addition, 
the outcome of complicated disputes may be difficult to predict. There is a risk that the outcome of 
one or more disputes and/or regulatory investigations may be unfavourable for the Group and have a 
negative effect on the Group in terms of liability for damages, fines and/or deteriorated reputation, 
which in turn may adversely affect the business and results of the Group. 
Risks related to intellectual property rights 
The Group owns or otherwise has rights to a large portfolio of intellectual property rights, relating to 
the products it manufactures and services it provides, which have been obtained over a period of 
years. Every year, the Group’s patent department handles a large number of internal reports on new 
inventions, of which approximately 35-70 lead to new patent applications. As at 31 December 2020, 
the Group owned more than 3,700 patents. Although the Group has a large number of patents and 
trademarks, there can be no assurance that the Group's intellectual property rights will not be 
challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that the Group will be able to detect unauthorised use or 
take appropriate and timely steps to establish and enforce its intellectual property rights. Further, there 
can be no assurance that third parties will not assert claims against the Group alleging infringement of 
their own intellectual property rights. The inability to protect intellectual property and the Group’s 
involvement in any intellectual property infringement litigation could have an adverse effect on the 
Group's business, operational results and financial position and performance, as well as reputation and 
brand. 
Information security risks and risk relating to the processing of personal data 
The Group relies on IT systems in its operations. The Group’s operations involve confidential, 
strategic and other sensitive information that is vulnerable to cyber security incidents such as data

--- Page 22 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 22 - 
 
 
breaches, intrusions, espionage, know-how and data privacy infringements and leakage. Examples of 
these areas include, amongst others, research and development, managed services, software 
development, product engineering, IT, human resources and finance operations. Any cyber security 
incident including unintended use, involving the Group’s operations, product development, services, 
its third party providers or installed product base, could cause harm to the Group and could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial condition and performance as 
well as reputation and brand. 
The Group is also exposed to the risk that personal data, which it processes could be wrongfully 
accessed, distributed or used, whether by employees or third parties, or otherwise lost, disclosed or 
processed in breach of data protection laws and regulations. Global privacy legislation, including the 
regulations and directives of the EU regulating data privacy and security, such as Regulation EU No 
2016/679 (the "General Data Protection Regulation") are rapidly expanding and creating a 
complex regulatory compliance environment. The requirements of the General Data Protection 
Regulation impose a higher compliance burden on organisations and the Group may incur increased 
costs to comply with and implement privacy-related and data protection measures. In addition, if the 
Group or any of the third-party service providers on which it relies fails to process, store or protect 
such data in a secure and lawful manner, or if any such theft or loss of personal data were otherwise 
to occur, the Group could face liability, including substantial fines, under data protection laws and 
regulations. This could also result in damage to the Group’s brand and reputation as well as the loss 
of existing or new business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, operational results and financial condition and performance. 
The Group may be required to pay additional taxes due to incorrect interpretation of, or changes in, 
tax regulations  
Due to the international nature of its business, the Group is subject to several tax laws and regulations 
in a large number of jurisdictions. In 2020, the Group’s total tax cost amounted to SEK 1,397 million, 
corresponding to a tax percentage of 28.1 per cent. The operations, including transactions between 
Group companies, are conducted in accordance with the Group's interpretation of applicable tax laws, 
tax treaties and regulations in each of the different countries involved as well as with the requirements 
of the relevant tax authorities. However, there is a risk that the Group's interpretation of applicable 
laws, tax treaties and regulations, or interpretation of relevant government agencies' decisions or of 
administrative case law, is incorrect, or that such regulations will be changed, potentially with 
retroactive effect. There is a risk that amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions, which may apply 
retroactively, may lead to increased tax expenses and a higher effective tax rate for the Group, which 
may in turn negatively affect its results and financial position. 
Financial risks 
Liquidity risk and refinancing risk  
The Group’s short-term liquidity need is covered through various measures. The Issuer is responsible 
for ensuring that the Group has a sufficient liquidity reserve (including cash and bank deposits, short-
term investments and unutilised committed credit facilities). As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s 
liquidity reserve amounted to SEK 17,507 million. Unforeseen cost increases and/or unforeseen 
income reductions may result in the Group’s liquidity reserve being insufficient, which could have 
significant consequences for the Group’s operations and results. 
The Group’s financing as of 30 September 2021 mainly consists of (i) an EUR 700 million (with a 
possibility to increase by EUR 200 million) senior credit facility (which has not been utilised), (ii) a 
commercial paper programme of SEK 2,000 million (of which SEK 500 million has been utilised) and 
(iii) corporate bonds of EUR 800 million in total.  
The Group strives to have a capital structure consisting of a variety of sources and loan maturities. 
Refinancing maturing loans may however become more difficult and/or more expensive, and there

--- Page 23 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 23 - 
 
 
can be no guarantee that the Group would be able to obtain external credit as the Group’s access to 
funding is dependent upon conditions in the banking or capital markets as well as the Group’s credit 
rating (which may change from time to time) and such access may decrease or become more 
expensive as a result of the Group's operational and financial condition or market conditions in 
general. If the Group is unable to obtain sufficient credit, either due to banking or capital markets 
conditions generally, or due to factors specific to its business, the Group may not have sufficient cash 
to develop new projects, fund acquisitions or meet ongoing financing needs, which in turn could 
materially and adversely affect the revenues, operating results, cash flows and financial condition of 
the Group.  
Currency risk  
Due to the Group’s international business activities and geographical spread, the Group is exposed to 
currency risks. Currency risk is divided into transaction exposure which relates to exchange rate 
fluctuations affecting the currency flows that arise due to business activities, and translation exposure 
which relates to the translation of the parent company’s subsidiaries’ statements on financial position 
from local currency to SEK. 
The Group’s local sales companies normally sell in domestic currency to local end customers and 
have their local cost base in local currency. Exports from production and logistics centres to other 
Group companies are invoiced in the exporting companies’ domestic currencies, except for Sweden, 
Denmark and the UK where the exports are denominated in EUR. During 2020, the Group’s sales to 
countries outside Sweden amounted to 97.6 per cent. of total sales. The Group is principally exposed 
to currency risk from potential changes in contracted and projected flows of payments and receipts. 
The most important foreign currencies are U.S.$, EUR, CNY, NOK, DKK and JPY. For example, as 
of 31 December 2020, if the currency rates between SEK and U.S.$ are changed by +/-10 per cent. 
(and no hedging measures are taken) it would affect the Group’s operating income by SEK +/-478 
million.  
A significant movement in currency rates, which is not covered by a corresponding hedging contract, 
or a material translation difference as described above, could have a negative impact on the Group. 
Further, in the cases where the Group has hedged currency exposures, the effectiveness of these 
hedging measures depends largely on the accuracy of its assumptions and forecasts and thus there is a 
risk that current or future hedging measures may not ensure the Group has sufficient protection 
against the negative effects of exchange rate fluctuations. Accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations, as 
well as incorrect assumptions or forecasts relating to hedging measures, present a highly significant 
risk to the Group’s financial position and results. 
Interest rate risk 
There is a risk that the Group’s net income is affected as a result of changes in the general interest rate 
level. Interest risk entails how changes in interest rates affect the net financial position of the Group, 
and how the value of financial instruments vary due to changes in market interest rates. As at 31 
December 2020, the Group’s total debt portfolio of SEK 9,168 million was split into loans with fixed 
interest of SEK 8,040 million and loans with floating interest rates of SEK 1,128 million. 
The Group attempts to manage interest-rate risk by matching fixed interest periods of financial assets 
and liabilities and through the use of derivative financial instruments such as interest-rate swaps. 
There is however a risk that such interest risk management will not be successful, and a significant 
interest rate exposure combined with an adverse movement of interest rates could have a negative 
impact on the Group's business, operational results and financial condition.

--- Page 24 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 24 - 
 
 
Credit and counterparty risk 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, i.e. the risk of losses due to failure to meet payment obligations 
by the Group's counterparties in financial agreements or by its customers. Such payment failures may 
incur disruption of the stability of the payment flows that the Group is dependent on. Various 
deficiencies in the assessment of the creditworthiness of new customers may lead to services being 
rendered and products sold without any payment to the Group, if the customer experiences problems 
with payments or withholds payments, for example during periods of economic uncertainty. In 2020, 
the Group had costs for bad debts in an amount of SEK 33 million. Although only one customer, 
Tetra Laval, represented more than one per cent. of the Group’s net sales, bad debts from a number of 
customers could, in aggregate, have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial position 
and results. The Group’s operations in certain jurisdictions, for example, in countries where banking 
and payment systems prove to be less mature and well-developed and more subject to disruptions, 
could be subject to potentially longer payment cycles, difficulties in obtaining payment of trade 
receivables, as well as increased risks of credit losses. Such events may adversely affect the Group’s 
cash flows and liquidity. 
 
The Group further actively monitors its exposure to credit risk on financial transactions, as the Group 
could incur losses as a result of non-payment by counterparties to the Group’s investments, bank 
deposits or derivative transactions.  Such institution’s, or any other counterparty’s non-performance of 
its obligations towards a company in the Group may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, 
operational results and financial condition. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in 
the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. If, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify 
that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may 
choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Exercise of an applicable Change of Control Put Option may affect the liquidity of Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the 
Change of Control Put Option is exercised, any trading market for the Notes in respect of which such

--- Page 25 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 25 - 
 
 
Change of Control Put Option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only 
be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower 
yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the Copenhagen interbank 
offered rate ("CIBOR"), the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the Norwegian interbank 
offered rate ("NIBOR") and the Stockholm interbank offered rate ("STIBOR")) are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a "benchmark".   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
"benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within 
the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires "benchmark" administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of 
a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could,

--- Page 26 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 26 - 
 
 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-
free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
In Norway, Norges Bank  in the beginning of 2018, after consultation with the financial industry, 
established a working group on alternative reference rates in NOK with the objective to adopt one (or 
more) new reference rates in NOK that reflect nearly risk-free interest rates, and that can be used as 
alternatives to NIBOR. In December 2020, the working group published its fallback solutions in the 
event of a cessation of NIBOR. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, including an interbank offered rate such as CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and/or STIBOR 
or other relevant reference rates, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or 
any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference 
to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative rate may be 
adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders or Couponholders 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances, the fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be based upon a 
determination to be made by an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time and in the event of a permanent discontinuation of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or any 
other relevant benchmark, the Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the 
Independent Adviser may be unable to determine a successor rate or alternative rate. In these 
circumstances, where CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or any other relevant benchmark has 
been discontinued, the Rate of Interest will revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the

--- Page 27 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 27 - 
 
 
benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a benchmark.  
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks related to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign 
the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice or the applications thereof after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their accountholders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Minimum Denomination 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not

--- Page 28 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 28 - 
 
 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time would not be able 
to sell the remainder of its holding and may not be able to receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) without first purchasing further Notes such that its 
holdings is equal to or more than the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes and, if applicable, the Talons and Coupons relating to them, 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall rank pari passu and without preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons 
relating to them shall, save for any exemptions, at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. 
However, as unsecured obligations, the Notes and, if applicable, the Talons and Coupons relating to 
them will, on winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, rank junior in priority to any secured obligations 
of the Issuer, and if the Issuer is insolvent a Noteholder may lose all or some of their investment. 
The Guarantor's obligations under the Deed of Guarantee 
The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and 
punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. The 
Guarantor's obligations under the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. However, as unsecured obligations, the obligations 
under the Deed of Guarantee will, on winding-up or liquidation of the Guarantor, rank junior in 
priority to any secured obligations of the Guarantor, and if the Guarantor is insolvent it may not be 
able to make any payments due to Noteholders under the Deed of Guarantee. 
Enforceability of judgments entered against Swedish entities  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a state which is not 
under the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and 
commercial matters (the "2012 Brussels Regulation"), (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 
22 December 2000 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and 
commercial matters (the "2000 Brussels Regulation"), or (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 
October 2007 (the "Lugano Convention"), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels 
Regulation and the 2000 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano 
Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without a retrial on 
its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, 
administrative tribunals or executive or other public authorities of Sweden). The UK left the EU on 31 
January 2020 at 11 pm (UK time) and the EU single market on 31 December 2020. As a result, an 
English court judgment entered against the Issuer or the Guarantor in relation to the Notes will neither 
be recognised nor be enforceable in Sweden (absent any replacement arrangements being put in place) 
and the Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the courts of Sweden. The UK has applied to 
join the Lugano Convention in its own right which is still subject to approval from the EU.

--- Page 29 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 29 - 
 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been made for 
the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, there is no assurance that such application will be 
accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will 
develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make payments (if any) 
under the Guarantee of the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Programme or the Notes.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 30 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 30 - 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by  third country  non-UK  credit  rating  agencies,  third  country  credit  ratings  can  
either  be: (a)  endorsed  by  a  UK registered  credit  rating  agency;  or  (b)  issued  by  a  third  
country  credit  rating  agency  that  is  certified  in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note 
this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the 
case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional  provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 31 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published, shall be deemed to be incorporated 
in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited unconsolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon) of the 
Issuer in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, which can be 
found at: 
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/swedish/foretagsobligationer/uk
o2-2003468980-v1-alfa-laval-treasury-international-ab-2020-annual-report.pdf;   
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/swedish/foretagsobligationer/uk
o2-2003464978-v1-alfa-laval-treasury-international-ab-2019-annual-report.pdf;  
2. 
the audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements (including the auditors' 
report thereon and notes thereto) of the Guarantor in respect of the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019 (set out on pages 72 to 155 and 66 to 147, respectively, of the 
2020 and 2019 annual reports of the Guarantor) and the section titled "Alternative 
performance measures and definitions" (set out on pages 158 and 150, respectively, of the 
2020 and 2019 annual reports of the Guarantor), which can be found at:  
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/english/annual-reports/annual-
report-2020x.pdf;  
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/english/annual-reports/annual-
report-2019x.pdf;  
3. 
the interim report of the Guarantor in respect of the period 1 January 2021 – 30 September 
2021 (save for the section headed "Outlook for the fourth quarter" on page 1), which can be 
found at: 
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/english/quarterly-
publications/2021/2021-q3-quarterly-report.pdf; and 
4. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectuses dated 27 
August 2014 (on pages 20 to 53) and dated 17 June 2019 (on pages 35 to 70) prepared by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme, which can be found at:  
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/english/corporate-bonds/alfa-
laval-emtn-base-prospectus.pdf; 
https://www.alfalaval.com/globalassets/documents/investors/english/corporate-bonds/alfa-
laval-emtn-base-prospectus-2019.pdf.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either deemed not relevant to investors or is otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the

--- Page 32 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 32 - 
 
 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 33 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme the Issuer and the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche 
of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the 
relevant Final Terms as completed by such Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 34 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer 
form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer 
form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
(each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form (each a 
"CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of 
the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to 
be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The common safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain 
other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in 
NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that 
debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 
December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
Whether or not any Global Notes in NGN form are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Note that the designation 
"Yes" in the relevant Final Terms means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the international central securities depositories ("ICSDs") as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Where the designation is specified as "No" in the relevant Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.   
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the 
Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.

--- Page 35 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 35 - 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent 
Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be 
made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a Global Note in NGN form, 
effectuated  to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) 
an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Bearer 
Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then 
the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 36 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 36 - 
 
 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms ; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global 
Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete or (in the context of a Tranche of Notes for 
which a Drawdown Prospectus have been prepared) supplement, amend or replace those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in 
global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be in the form of either 
individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in

--- Page 37 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 37 - 
 
 
registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Global Registered Note will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
depositary or, if the Global Registered Notes are to be held under the NSS (as defined below), a 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee for such common depositary or, if the Global Registered Notes 
are to be held under the NSS, a common safekeeper, as the case may be, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Global Registered Notes will be exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international 
debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has 
assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs 
had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new 
structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. 
The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt 
securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 
September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
Whether or not the Global Registered Notes are intended to be held under the NSS, and therefore in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Note 
that the designation "Yes" in the relevant Final Terms means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Where the designation is specified as "No" in 
the relevant Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then 
the Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in 
respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or 
more Global Registered Notes each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 38 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 38 - 
 
 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on 
behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is 
required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the 
names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be 
registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any Noteholder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those 
terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 39 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 39 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Alfa Laval Treasury International AB (publ) (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
2,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes") guaranteed by Alfa Laval 
AB (publ) (the "Guarantor"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 
9 November 2021 (as supplemented or amended from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression 
includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), 
the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, 
the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to 
the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an 
"Agent" is to any one of them). 
(d) 
Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 9 November 2021 
(as supplemented or amended from time to time, the "Deed of Guarantee") entered into by 
the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 9 
November 2021 (as supplemented or amended from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") 
entered into by the Issuer. 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which 
are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 40 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 40 - 
 
 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions include summaries of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant; such Conditions are subject to 
the detailed provisions contained in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Deed of Guarantee, as applicable. The Noteholders and Couponholders (each term as defined 
below) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for 
inspection or collection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) 
may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying 
Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(ii) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (a) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is acknowledged or recognised 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (a) nor (b) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 7(i)(ii) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate,

--- Page 41 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 41 - 
 
 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(iv); 
"Benchmark Events" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on 
or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(A); or 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(A); or 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; or 
(g) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on 
or by a specified date, no longer be representative of its relevant underlying market 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (g)(A); or 
(h) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 42 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 42 - 
 
 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre, a TARGET Settlement 
Day. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall 
have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall 
be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is 
a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"Floating Rate Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is 
the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 43 - 
 
 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of The Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (or 
any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are 
provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor); 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of 
time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360x(Y2- Y1)]+ [30x(M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1)
360

--- Page 44 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 44 - 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360x(Y2- Y1)]+ [30x(M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360x(Y2- Y1)]+ [30x(M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1)
360
 
where:

--- Page 45 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 45 - 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of the euro and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person which takes 
over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a 
number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor); 
"euro" or "€" mean the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 
974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 46 - 
 
 
"Group" means the Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the 
Deed of Guarantee; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 7(i); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which TARGET2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(c) 
if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the second Copenhagen business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; or 
(d) 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the second Stockholm business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Convention and an interval of a 
number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the

--- Page 47 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 47 - 
 
 
Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the Floating 
Rate Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Guarantor: 
(a) 
whose total assets or net sales (on an unconsolidated basis) represents not less than 5 
per cent. of the total assets or the total net sales of the Group, all as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited financial statements of such Subsidiary and the 
then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (or any other Person 
which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates 
for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to 
Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) 
(Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 48 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 48 - 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Change of Control Put)" means, in respect of any Note, 
its principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put)" has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
“Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Permitted Security Interests" means: 
(a) 
Security Interests on the Property of an entity existing at the time such Property was 
acquired by a member of the Group (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of 
assets or otherwise) or existing at the time such entity became a Subsidiary; provided, 
however; that such Security Interests (i) are not created, incurred or assumed in 
connection with, or contemplation of, such Property or entity being acquired by a

--- Page 49 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 49 - 
 
 
member of the Group and (ii) do not extend to any other Property of a member of the 
Group; and 
(b) 
Security Interests imposed or required by statute or operation of law (but not through 
any act or omission to act on the part of any member of the Group); 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in 
the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Property" of any Person means all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed 
property (including any related contractual rights) owned by such Person whether or not 
included in the most recent consolidated balance sheet of such Person under International 
Financial Reporting Standards. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Optional Redemption (Change of Control) Amount, the 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks"means four major banks selected by the Issuer or the Screen Rate 
Determination Agent, if applicable, in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but

--- Page 50 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 50 - 
 
 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at 
the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by 
any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which 
is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities 
market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any 
date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in

--- Page 51 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 51 - 
 
 
respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment 
under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Residual Call Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Screen Rate Determination Agent" means a leading investment bank as selected by the 
Issuer which is an active market participant in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR); 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of 
any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities 
which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007;

--- Page 52 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 52 - 
 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are 
not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to 
Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions (including, without 
limitation, any purchase moneys pursuant to Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put 
Option); 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other 
amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant or the Deed of 
Guarantee shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant or the Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, as amended and/or 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a 
Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case 
of Bearer Notes, "Noteholder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Couponholder" 
means the holder of the related interest coupons ("Coupons"), if any.

--- Page 53 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 53 - 
 
 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include 
a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples 
of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued 
to each holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate 
will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. 
In the case of Registered Notes, "Noteholder" means the person in whose name such 
Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint 
holding, the first named thereof). 
(e) 
Ownership: Any Noteholder or Couponholder shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case 
of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for 
so treating such Noteholder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition 
of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, 
at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the 
title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of 
transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the 
principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes 
held by a Noteholder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like 
principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Noteholder at its 
Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the 
request and risk of any such relevant Noteholder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if 
overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Noteholder. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or 
other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 54 - 
 
 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of 
Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by 
the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations 
will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a 
copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable 
by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general 
and unconditional obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest except for any Permitted Security Interests upon the 
whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without 
(a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) 
providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount: The amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount (if applicable).

--- Page 55 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 55 - 
 
 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the

--- Page 56 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 56 - 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in the case of 
(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Issuer or the Screen Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, will 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time and provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent, who will 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and if fewer than two such 
quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA 
Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be

--- Page 57 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 57 - 
 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: Subject to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent 
will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together with the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to

--- Page 58 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 58 - 
 
 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes.  
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(ii)) and (in 
either case) an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(iv)). An Independent 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(i) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, any other party specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 7(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 7(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread (as 
provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 7(i)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(i)(ii), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread 
may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 7(i) and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Time or Relevant Screen Page) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 59 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 59 - 
 
 
Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread  (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(i)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
(v) 
Notices, etc: The Issuer will notify the Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders and 
Couponholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this 
Condition 7(i). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under the provisions of this Condition 7(i), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply unless and 
until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Agent or any other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest (as applicable), in each case pursuant to this Condition 7(i), prior to such 
Interest Determination Date, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for 
the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination 
Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(c) will 
(if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 7(i)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(i). 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 60 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 60 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices),  (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if immediately before giving such notice: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the 
Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation)/the Guarantee of the Notes as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to

--- Page 61 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 61 - 
 
 
pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantee 
of the Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately 
before the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the 
Guarantee of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment as referred to above. Upon the expiry of 
any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) will be either, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) if Make 
Whole Redemption Price is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Make Whole Redemption Price or (ii) the specified percentage (being no less than 
100 per cent.) of the nominal amount of the Notes as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Note(s) to be 
redeemed or (ii) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage and rounded to three decimal 
places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), as reported to the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Notes (if such Notes were to remain outstanding until their original Maturity Date) on 
the Reference Date is equal to (a) the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of 
the Reference Bond, and (b) the Redemption Margin (if any); or

--- Page 62 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 62 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Note(s) to 
be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption), discounted to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year 
consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the 
number of days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin (if 
any), 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer): 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of 
the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on 
such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the 
basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
"Conventional Gilts"; "Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (3rd edition, 16 March 2005, as supplemented, 
amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an 
annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis 
as the relevant Dealer(s) may approve; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be (a) the security specified in the applicable Final Terms provided 
that if the Determination Agent advises the Issuer that, at the time at which the relevant Make 
Whole Redemption Price is to be determined, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the 
relevant security specified is not appropriate for such purpose, such other central bank or 
government security as the Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer and 
with the advice of Reference Government Bond Dealers, determine to be appropriate; or (b) if 
DA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date (Call), (a) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of 
redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations (or, if there are two highest and/or two lowest quotations, excluding just one of 
such highest quotations and/or one of such lowest quotations, as the case may be), (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four, but more than one, such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations or (c) if only one such

--- Page 63 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 63 - 
 
 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Bond 
Dealer Quotation so obtained; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date (Call). The Reference 
Bond Rate will be calculated on the Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed 
in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the relevant Noteholder redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued up 
to (but excluding) such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders)), the relevant Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The

--- Page 64 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 64 - 
 
 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option 
Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of 
the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for all purposes. 
(f) 
Change of Control Put Option: If the Change of Control Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, 
either of the following events shall occur (each, as applicable, a "Change of Control Put 
Event"): 
(i) 
a Change of Control occurs and, if at the start of the Change of Control Period, the 
Guarantor is rated by any Rating Agency, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs within such Change of Control Period; or 
(ii) 
a Change of Control occurs and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the 
Guarantor is not rated by any Rating Agency, 
then each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control Put Option") (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer 
gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons) or Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the purchase of that Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put), at its principal amount, or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) accrued interest up to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Change of Control Put). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of 
Control Put Option contained in this Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put Option). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the Noteholder must deposit any applicable 
Note, together with, in the case of Bearer Notes, each unmatured Coupon relating thereto (if 
any), to the account of any Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer within the period (the 
"Put Period") of 45 days after the day on which the Change of Control Put Event Notice is 
given, together with a duly signed and completed Put Option Notice in the form (for the time 
being current and substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement) obtainable from 
the specified office of any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent to whom a Note has been so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. 
Subject to the deposit of any such Notes to the account of a Paying Agent for the account of 
the Issuer as described above, the Issuer shall redeem, purchase or procure the purchase of the 
Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as

--- Page 65 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 65 - 
 
 
provided above on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put). No Note, once so 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put), any such 
Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on or 
prior to the end of the Put Period, payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld 
or refused on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put), the relevant 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold 
such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put Option), the depositor 
of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for all 
purposes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put Option): 
"Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor) that any person or persons acting in 
concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the "Relevant 
Person(s)"), at any time directly or indirectly come(s) to own or acquire(s) either (A) more 
than 30 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Guarantor; or (B) such number of 
the shares in the capital of the Guarantor as carries more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights 
normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Guarantor; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier 
of (A) the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the 
date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), if any, and 
(ii) ending on the date which is the 120th day after the date of the first public announcement 
of the relevant Change of Control (such 120th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided 
that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Guarantor, if a Rating Agency publicly 
announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to 
the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating 
of the Guarantor under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of 
the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control 
Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 90 
days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency; 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, and, in each case, 
their respective successors or affiliates; 
a "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor by 
any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-
/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (iii) if such 
rating previously assigned to the Guarantor by any Rating Agency was below an investment 
grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from 
BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents); and 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto 
relating to any specific and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall

--- Page 66 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 66 - 
 
 
mean that such potential Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated 
by the Guarantor, any such actual or potential bidder or any such designated advisor to be 
intended to occur, within 120 days of the date of such announcement or statement). 
(g) 
Issuer Residual Call: If the Issuer Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued (other than 
as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final 
terms) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at the 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due 
and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
9(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count 
Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with Bearer 
Notes shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in Specified Currency 
(or, if the Specified Currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or

--- Page 67 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 67 - 
 
 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (i) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able 
to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the 
payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
(e) 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become 
void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment,

--- Page 68 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 68 - 
 
 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the 
Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender 
of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put Option), Condition 9(g) 
(Issuer Residual Call) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in 
respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York 
City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the 
due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes) is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in the 
Specified Currency (or, if the Specified Currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in the 
Specified Currency (or, if the Specified Currency is euro, any other account to which euro

--- Page 69 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 69 - 
 
 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated (i) (in the case of payments of 
principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the 
day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment 
only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A holder of a 
Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay 
in payment resulting from the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown 
as the Noteholder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's 
Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record 
Date"). 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result 
in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Noteholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or

--- Page 70 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 70 - 
 
 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that such 
Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on 
the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Sweden, references in these Conditions to the 
Kingdom of Sweden shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such 
other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
five days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 15 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of 
the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer, Guarantor or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Material Subsidiary by reason of an event of default (howsoever described); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due or (as the 
case may be) within any originally applicable grace period any amount payable by it 
under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; or 
(iv) 
any Security Interest given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
for any Indebtedness becomes enforceable by reason of default; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and/or (iv) 
above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or 
is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made by the Issuer, Guarantor or a Material 
Subsidiary) in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or

--- Page 71 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 71 - 
 
 
any Material Subsidiary (other than in relation to a solvent liquidation of a Material 
Subsidiary), or (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or 
declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc: (i) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (other than 
in relation to a solvent liquidation of a Material Subsidiary) or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on a substantial part of its 
business or operations (either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries). For the purpose 
of this Condition 13(e) (Winding up etc), a "substantial part of its business or operations" shall 
mean all or part of the business or operations of the relevant company (as the circumstances 
may require) which in each case represents over 50 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of 
the Group, calculated on the basis of the then most recent publicly available consolidated 
accounts of the Group (whether audited or unaudited); or 
(f) 
Analogous event: any event occurs in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary (as applicable) which under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (e) above; or 
(g) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, 
exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations 
under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons 
and the Deed of Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the Kingdom of Sweden, is 
not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee; 
or 
(i) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not 
to be) in full force and effect, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Noteholders thereof to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest 
(if any) without further action or formality. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer 
Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless 
the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate 
Relevant Date.

--- Page 72 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 72 - 
 
 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, 
the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws 
and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a 
successor fiscal agent, registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar;  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).  
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to their interests, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and the Guarantor (acting 
together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the

--- Page 73 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 73 - 
 
 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, 
however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not 
less than two thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one third of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any 
such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or 
not. 
In addition, (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders and hold not less than two 
thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding, or (ii) a consent given by 
way of electronic consent given through the relevant clearing systems (in a form satisfactory 
to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders and hold not less than two thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant 
may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is 
made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a 
single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents 
of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall (i) be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register or, (ii) if such notification as required by (i) above is not 
practicable, be published in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, in the case of (i) 
above, on the fourth day after the date of mailing or, in the case of (ii) above, on the date of 
first publication.

--- Page 74 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 74 - 
 
 
(c) 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first 
currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment 
into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim 
or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or 
(c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose 
to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all 
United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are 
the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will 
not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 22(b) (English 
courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking, to the extent allowed 
by law, (a) proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with 
jurisdiction or (b) concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 75 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 75 - 
 
 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to Alfa Laval Limited at 7 Doman Road, Camberley, Surrey, GU 15 3DN, 
United Kingdom, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such 
other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the 
Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 76 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 76 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law

--- Page 77 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 77 - 
 
 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the "SFA") - 
[Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)].]1 
Final Terms dated [] 
ALFA LAVAL TREASURY INTERNATIONAL AB (publ) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 549300JCAG8ICQAUC638 
Guaranteed by Alfa Laval AB (publ) 
under the EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated ] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date: Terms used herein shall be deemed to be 
defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus 
[27 August 2014/17 June 2019] which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus dated 9 
November 2021. The Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated []] [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, together with the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing at https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/bonds/.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
                                                     
1  
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 78 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 78 - 
 
 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]2 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub- paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Alfa Laval Treasury International AB (pub1) 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Alfa Laval AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 24 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about []]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from []] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess 
thereof up to and including []. No Notes in 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination of above []] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent)) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
                                                     
2  
For all notes not issued under the Prospectus Regulation, all Prospectus Regulation related language should be removed and 
replaced with this statement.

--- Page 79 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 79 - 
 
 
relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] 
month 
[] 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Issuer Residual Call Option] 
[See paragraph [17/18/19/20] below)] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] [respectively] 
obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear] on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] 
(Amend accordingly in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 80 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 80 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30E/360 / 30E/360(ISDA) / Eurobond Basis / 
30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[]/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/No Adjustment] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] month [] [CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[][] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 81 - 
 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation]  
(Specify for each short or long interest period) 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30E/360/ 30E/360(ISDA) / Eurobond Basis / 
30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Eurobond Basis / 
30/360 / Actual/360 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]]/[in the 
period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Spens 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 82 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 82 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[DA Selected Bond/Insert applicable Reference 
Bond] 
(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
(d) 
Reference Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[] per Calculation Amount  
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Put): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Change 
of Control Put) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax): 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 83 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 83 - 
 
 
23. 
Early Termination Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates on [] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note] 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
26. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes (if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made)/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 84 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 84 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Alfa Laval Treasury International AB (publ): 
By: 
 .............................................. 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of Alfa Laval AB (publ): 
By: 
 .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 85 - 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
[Application [is expected to be / has been] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes to 
be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market] with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"): [] 
S&P is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation").] [Not Applicable] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus under the heading 
"Use of Proceeds" / []] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus - if 
proceeds are not to be applied for the general corporate 
purposes of the Group, please disclose use here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to

--- Page 86 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 86 - 
 
 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests)] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies ("ANNA") or alternatively sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
CFI: 
[[See/[], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies ("ANNA") or alternatively sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will

--- Page 87 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 87 - 
 
 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common Safekeeper]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilising Manager(s): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 88 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 88 - 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction.)

--- Page 89 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 89 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the 
case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary 
or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global 
Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global 
Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a common depositary or a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, for so long as such Tranche is represented by a Global Note or 
Global Registered Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in 
relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to 
which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global 
Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. 
For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of payments 
due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor will be discharged by 
payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes or Global Registered Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is 
a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note 
Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in 
full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to 
the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding 
liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or 
interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the 
payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the principal amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by such Global Note will be 
reduced accordingly.

--- Page 90 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 90 - 
 
 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the 
currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may 
be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the 
person shown as the Noteholder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing 
system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record 
Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for 
which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders)  or Condition 9(f) (Change of Control Put Option) the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to 
the Fiscal Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. For as long as the Notes 
are represented by either a Global Note or a Global Registered Note, and such Global Note or Global 
Registered Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the option of the 
Noteholders provided for in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) and Condition 
9(f) (Change of Control Put Option) may be exercised by an Accountholder giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instructions by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper for them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) of the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
the Issuer shall procure that the portion of the principal amount of the relevant Global Note or Global 
Registered Note so redeemed shall be noted in a schedule thereto, entered in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or entered in the Register, as applicable. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will not be 
selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered 
Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are), or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices 
to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication to the relevant 
Accountholders rather than as required in Condition 19 (Notices) and, in any case, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the 
date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Electronic Consent: While any Note is represented by either a Global Note or a Global Registered 
Note, and such Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or

--- Page 91 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 91 - 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, then approval of a resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less 
than two thirds of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as 
an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders whether or not they participated in such electronic 
consent. 
Interest Calculation: While any Note is represented by either a Global Note or a Global Registered 
Note, interest payable to Noteholders will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes evidenced by such Global Note or Global Registered Note, 
as applicable, and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 92 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 92 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied for the general corporate purposes of the 
Group, including repayment of debt. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 93 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act for an 
indefinite period. The Issuer was registered on 3 September 1991 under corporate organisation 
number 556432-2484. The registered office of the Issuer is located at P.O. Box 73, SE-221 00 Lund, 
Sweden. The Issuer's telephone number in Sweden is +46 (0) 46-36 70 00 and the website is 
https://www.alfalaval.com/. 
Ownership 
The Issuer is a member of the Alfa Laval Group (the "Group" or "Alfa Laval"), of which the 
Guarantor is the parent company. The Issuer is indirectly wholly-owned by the Guarantor, through the 
Guarantor's direct subsidiary - Alfa Laval Holding AB, Alfa Laval Holding AB's direct subsidiary - 
Alfa Laval NV and Alfa Laval NV’s direct subsidiary - Alfa Laval Corporate AB (the latter being the 
direct parent company of the Issuer). 
According to the Articles of Association of the Issuer, there shall be no less than 20,000 and no more 
than 80,000 shares in the Issuer. As at 30 September 2021, there were 50,000 shares in the Issuer. 
Each share represents one vote at the General Meeting. According to the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, its share capital is to be no lower than SEK 2,000,000 and no higher than SEK 8,000,000. As 
at 30 September 2021, the share capital of the Issuer was SEK 5,000,000. 
Business 
The Issuer acts as the internal bank for the Group. The business of the Issuer comprises the direct or 
indirect owning and managing of assets, liquidity management for the Group, borrowing of money for 
the financing of the operations of the Group and transactions with foreign currencies and financial 
instruments, including derivatives. The Issuer also handles the trade finance activities of the Group. 
The Issuer carries out its business in its own name, but under a commissionaire agreement with the 
principal company - Alfa Laval Corporate AB. This means that the results, assets, liabilities, 
contingent liabilities and employees of the Issuer are accounted for in the financial statements of Alfa 
Laval Corporate AB. Under Swedish law, Alfa Laval Corporate AB will not become a party to an 
agreement entered into by the Issuer and a third party, and generally such third party will not acquire 
any rights against Alfa Laval Corporate AB through its agreement with the Issuer.  
Board of Directors and Management 
The Board of Directors consist of five members. 
Jan Allde (Chairman) 
Mr Allde was appointed to the board in 2018. He is the Chief Financial Officer of the Group. 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2018. Former positions include: several international positions in ABB 
during the years 1991 to 2017, most recently as the Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
for Americas. Education: BSc, Business Administration & Finance.

--- Page 94 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 94 - 
 
 
Henrik Welch (Board member and Managing Director) 
Mr Welch was appointed to the board in 2019. He is Vice President, Group Treasurer of the Group. 
Employed by Alfa Laval since January 2019. Former positions include: Vice President, Head of 
Group Treasury at SSAB and a similar position at Vestas Wind System. Education: MBA in General 
Management & Finance, Graduate Diploma in Business Administration and BSc in Business 
Administration & Commercial Law. 
Dag Olsson (Board member) 
Mr Olsson was appointed to the board in 1997. He is Controller of the Group. Education: BSc in 
Business Administration and Finance. 
Emma Adlerton (Board member) 
Ms. Adlerton was appointed to the board in 2015. She is Vice President & Group General Counsel. 
Education: Master of Laws. 
Fredrik Fihnn (Board Member)  
Mr Fihnn was appointed to the board in 2019.  
The business address of each of the board members and the members of the management, is P.O. Box 
73, SE-221 00 Lund, Sweden.  
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflict of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the board and the members of the management and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 95 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 95 - 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction 
The Guarantor is a public limited liability company incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act 
for an indefinite period. The Guarantor was registered on 27 March 2000 under corporate registration 
number 556587-8054. The Guarantor is the indirect parent company of the Issuer, and the parent 
company of the Group. The registered office of the Guarantor is located at P.O. Box 73, SE-221 00 
Lund, Sweden. The Guarantor's telephone number in Sweden is +46 (0) 46-36 65 00. The information 
in this section “Description of the Guarantor” has, unless otherwise stated, been sourced from the 
Guarantor’s unaudited financial report for the interim financial period ended 30 September 2021, the 
Guarantor’s annual audited financial reports in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 and the Guarantor’s website, https://www.alfalaval.com/. 
History 
The history of Alfa Laval dates back to 1883, when the company, AB Separator was founded by 
Gustav de Laval and Oscar Lamm. In 1963, the company changed its name from AB Separator to 
Alfa-Laval AB. The name "Alfa" derives from the conal metal discs, "alfa discs", used by the 
company to increase the capacity of separators, and the name "Laval" derives from the founder of the 
company. Alfa Laval was acquired by Tetra Pak in 1991. In 2000, the investment company, Industri 
Kapital acquired Alfa Laval with the intention to further develop Alfa Laval's global leadership within 
its key technologies and to list the shares publicly within a five-year period. The shares of the 
Guarantor were listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm on 17 May 2002, and have remained listed 
since that date. 
Ownership 
According to the Articles of Association of the Guarantor, there shall be no less than 298,000,000 and 
no more than 1,192,000,000 shares in the Guarantor. There is only one class of shares in the 
Guarantor. As at 30 September 2021, there were 419,456,315 outstanding shares in the Guarantor. 
Each share represents one vote at the General Meeting. 
The Guarantor had 43,274 shareholders as of 30 September 2021. The table below sets out the ten 
largest shareholders of the Guarantor as of 30 September 2021. 
 
Name 
 
Shareholding 
Tetra Laval International S.A. ................................................................................................................................  
29.1 per cent. 
Alecta Pensionsförsäkring ......................................................................................................................................  
5.5 per cent. 
Swedbank Robur Fonder ........................................................................................................................................  
2.6 per cent. 
AMF - Försäkring och Fonder ................................................................................................................................  
2.3 per cent. 
CBNY Norges Bank ...............................................................................................................................................  
1.9 per cent. 
SEB Investment Management ................................................................................................................................  
1.7 per cent. 
Handelsbanken Fonder ...........................................................................................................................................  
1.2 per cent. 
HSBC .....................................................................................................................................................................  
0.9 per cent. 
Folksam ..................................................................................................................................................................  
0.9 per cent.  
Första AP-Fonden ..................................................................................................................................................  
0.9 per cent. 
According to the Articles of Association of the Guarantor, its share capital is to be no lower than SEK 
745,000,000 and no higher than SEK 2,980,000,000. As at 30 September 2021, the issued share 
capital of the Guarantor was SEK 1,116,719,930.

--- Page 96 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 96 - 
 
 
The Guarantor is not aware of any shareholders' agreements or other arrangements between 
shareholders of the Guarantor.  
Business concept and operations 
Alfa Laval is a global provider of products in the areas of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling. 
With these three key technologies as its base, Alfa Laval aims to help enhance the productivity and 
competitiveness of its customers in various industries throughout the world. 
Alfa Laval has established three industry-based sales divisions: Food & Water, Energy and Marine, 
which are supported by Global Sales & Service and by Operations, the Group’s shared supply 
organisation with responsibility for procurement, manufacturing and distribution.  
The three key technologies 
Heat transfer 
Heating and cooling are basic needs for both the individual and most industrial processes. Alfa Laval 
has been active in the field of heat transfer since 1931, when it started to supply pasteurising 
equipment for the dairy industry. Today, there are a large number of industries in which heat transfer 
solutions are required for heating, cooling, ventilation, evaporation and/or condensation. Since all of 
this can be achieved efficiently using a heat exchanger, heat transfer products from Alfa Laval are 
now found in numerous areas – everything from food production and petrochemicals to the creation of 
a pleasant indoor climate or hot tap water in private households, to name only a few examples.  
Efficiency 
Heat exchangers transfer heat or cooling, often from one liquid to another. The main product in Alfa 
Laval’s offering – the compact plate heat exchanger – is more efficient than alternative technologies, 
allowing it to play a crucial role in boosting the overall efficiency of the customer’s manufacturing 
process. Energy efficiency reduces not only a customer’s costs but also the impact on the 
environment. Plate heat exchangers are made up of a series of plates assembled closely to each other. 
Between these plates run two channels containing media at different temperatures – often liquids. 
These flow on either side of the thin plates and in opposite directions to each other, resulting in a 
transfer of heating or cooling. 
A complete offering 
There are different types of plate heat exchangers – gasketed, brazed, fusion-bonded, semi-welded 
and welded – each designed to withstand different pressure and temperature levels. With a broad 
product portfolio, Alfa Laval offers efficient, compact products, that are easy to service and maintain 
for nearly all industries worldwide. Within heat transfer, Alfa Laval’s offering also includes air heat 
exchangers, spiral heat exchangers, tubular heat exchangers, heaters and boilers. 
Competition 
Alfa Laval's main competitors are Kelvion (Germany), Hisaka (Japan), SPX Flow/APV (USA), Swep 
(USA), Kangrim (Korea), SAACKE (Germany), Miura (Japan), Heatmaster (Netherlands), Osaka 
(Japan) and Danfoss A/S (Denmark). 
Separation  
Separation is the technology that represents the origin of Alfa Laval. The business began in 1883, 
based solely on separation, and this technology remains a core feature for Alfa Laval to this day. With

--- Page 97 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 97 - 
 
 
precision and a high degree of reliability, liquids, solid particles and gases are separated from one 
another, which is a requirement in a large number of industries.  
High-speed separators and decanter centrifuges 
Alfa Laval’s separation products are dominated by high-speed separators and decanter centrifuges, 
which both use centrifugal force. Separators have high rotation speeds, are generally mounted 
vertically and can separate small particles from liquids and gases. Decanter centrifuges are normally 
mounted horizontally, operate at lower speeds and are used to separate larger particles from liquids. 
They are used, for example, in the dewatering of sludge in wastewater treatment plants. Other 
separation products include membrane filters, which are the established solution for separating very 
small particles, and belt filter presses, which are used for mechanical dewatering, mainly of municipal 
wastewater.  
Separators and decanter centrifuges play a crucial role in numerous industrial processes, such as:  
 
food, pharmaceutical, bioengineering, chemical and petrochemical processes;  
 
extraction and production of crude oil, and treatment and recovery of drilling mud;  
 
handling and treatment of fuel and lubricants aboard vessels and at diesel/gas power plants; 
and 
 
dewatering of sludge and treatment of process water in private and municipal facilities.  
Competition 
Alfa Laval's main competitors in the separator market are GEA (Germany), Mitsubishi Kakoki Kaisha 
(Japan), Pieralisi (Italy) and SPX Flow/Seital (USA). Alfa Lava's main competitors in the decanter 
market are GEA (Germany), Guinard/Andritz (France, Austria), Flottweg (Germany) and Pieralisi 
(Italy). 
Fluid handling 
The transportation and regulation of fluids in an efficient and safe manner is crucial to many 
industries. Alfa Laval focuses on fluid handling products, such as pumps and valves, for industries 
with stringent hygiene requirements and on pumping systems for the marine industry and the offshore 
market. 
Efficient and precise 
Alfa Laval’s pumps, valves and installation material are used in production processes with strict 
hygiene requirements, such as the production of beverages, dairy products, food and pharmaceuticals.  
Pumps drive the flow of liquids, while valves are used to guide the flow by opening and closing. For 
hygienic applications, Alfa Laval mainly offers centrifugal, liquid ring and rotary lobe pumps. The 
most common type of valves include control valves, constant-pressure valves, butterfly valves and 
diaphragm valves. Alfa Laval’s offering also includes hygienic tank equipment ranging from mixers 
to cleaning equipment. Mixers can be used to mix both high and low-viscosity fluids, such as milk, 
wine, juice, yoghurt, desserts and fruit drinks. 
For the marine sector, Alfa Laval offers submerged, hydraulic pumping systems for product and 
chemical tankers. These systems enable safe and flexible load handling, which results in less time in 
port and fewer journeys without commercial loads. For the offshore industry, Alfa Laval’s offering 
includes pumping systems for collecting sea water for various onboard applications, water injection in 
drill holes and fire extinguishing, which contributes to safe and efficient operations.

--- Page 98 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 98 - 
 
 
Competition 
Alfa Laval's main competitors in the fluid handling market are GEA (Germany), Dockweiler 
Edelstahl (Germany), SPX FLOW/APV (USA), Fristam (Germany), Kieselman GmbH (Germany), 
MARFLEX (Netherlands), Baradiani Valves (Italy) and SULZER (Switzerland). 
Breakdown of net sales for key technologies* 
The table below sets out a breakdown of net sales for Alfa Laval's key technologies. 
Consolidated 
Net Sales 
 
Third quarter 
Jan-Dec 
Last 12 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
months** 
Own products within: 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
   Separation ........................................................... 
1,743 
1,614 
7,116 
7,127 
   Heat transfer ....................................................... 
4,102 
4,076 
16,439 
15,931 
   Fluid handling..................................................... 
2,383 
2,097 
9,156 
9,038 
   Marine environmental ......................................... 
997 
1,138 
5,170 
4,067 
   Other ................................................................... 
0 
1 
1 
0 
Associated products ............................................... 
331 
317 
1,338 
1,311 
Services ........................................................................................
719 
485 
2,248 
2,440 
Total 
10,275 
9,728 
41,468 
39,914 
_______________ 
*  The split of own products within separation, heat transfer and fluid handling is a reflection of the current three main technologies. 
Marine environmental is a growing new product area basically outside the main technologies. Other is own products outside these four 
areas, Associated products are mainly purchased products that complement Alfa Laval's product offering. Services cover all sorts of 
service, service agreements etc. 
** As per 30 September 2021. 
Organisational structure and operations of the Group 
The Guarantor is the parent of the Group. The Guarantor has numerous subsidiaries in Sweden and in 
other countries. The Issuer is indirectly wholly-owned by the Guarantor, through the Guarantor's 
direct subsidiary - Alfa Laval Holding AB, Alfa Laval Holding AB's direct subsidiary - Alfa Laval 
NV and Alfa Laval NV’s direct subsidiary - Alfa Laval Corporate AB (the latter being the direct 
parent company of the Issuer).  
Alfa Laval has established three industry-based sales divisions: Food & Water, Energy and Marine, 
which are supported by Operations, the Group’s shared supply organisation with responsibility for 
procurement, manufacturing and distribution. Each of the sales divisions have a number of business 
units. These units have full profit and loss responsibility and are responsible for driving the global 
business for a defined group of products, covering everything from product development to 
marketing, sales and service. 
Food & Water 
The Food & Water division has five technology-based business units: High-Speed Separators, Food 
Heat Transfer, Food Systems, Decanters and Hygienic Fluid Handling. The division targets customers 
in industries such as food, pharmaceuticals, biotech, vegetable oils, breweries, dairy and personal care 
products. It also focuses on public and industrial water treatment as well as wastewater and waste 
treatment.  
The division’s business comprises sales of components, configured products and projects. This means 
that in addition to direct customer sales, the division also reaches end customers via system builders, 
contractors, retailers, agents and distributors. Furthermore, Alfa Laval’s three key technologies are all

--- Page 99 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 99 - 
 
 
included in the division’s offering. This encompasses different types of heat transfer and separation 
products as well as fluid handling equipment such as pumps and valves. 
The major end markets are dairy (24 per cent.), brewery (7 per cent.), edible oil (11 per cent.), pharma 
and biotech (10 per cent.), ethanol, starch and sugar (9 per cent.), protein (6 per cent.) and water and 
waste management (11 per cent.).3  
High-Speed Separators 
The offering includes high-speed separators for breweries, diaries and vegetable oil refineries as well 
as for applications in pharmaceuticals, biotech and ethanol, starch and sugar. 
Food Heat Transfer 
The Food Heat Transfer unit provides gasketed, tubular, brazed, welded and scraped-surface heat 
exchangers – to name a few examples – to a wide range of industries such as food, breweries, dairies, 
pharmaceuticals, ethanol, starch and sugar. 
Food Systems 
This unit integrates Alfa Laval’s core technologies into process solutions for the food sector, 
especially targeting breweries, vegetable oils, meat and fish processing, fruit and vegetable processing 
as well as fermentation and starch and sugar processing. 
Decanters 
The offering includes decanter centrifuges, presses, filters and membranes as components or modules 
for food or life science applications as well as waste management such as dewatering of sludge in 
municipal wastewater treatment plants, or water treatment for industrial wastewater. 
Hygienic Fluid Handling 
This unit provides component sales of pumps, valves, installation material and tank equipment for 
hygienic applications in the food and pharmaceutical industry. The table on the next page sets out 
certain key figures for the Food & Water division. 
                                                     
3 Share of division’s order intake.

--- Page 100 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 100 - 
 
 
 
Key figures – Food & Water 
 
Third quarter 
Jan-Dec 
Last 12 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
months** 
Consolidated 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
Orders received...................................................... 
4,241 
3,083 
13,814 
16,248 
Order backlog* ...................................................... 
7,044 
5,170 
5,056 
7,044 
Net sales ................................................................ 
3,678 
3,291 
13,414  
14,016 
Operating income*** ............................................ 
699 
638 
2,371 
2,572 
Operating margin**** ........................................... 
19.0% 
19.4%  
17.7%  
18.4%  
Depreciation and amortisation ............................... 
93 
81 
384 
382 
Investments***** .................................................. 
46 
83 
295 
326 
Assets* .................................................................. 
11,172 
11,896 
11,226 
11,172 
Liabilities* ............................................................. 
4,990 
5,250 
5,184 
4,990 
Number of employees* .......................................... 
6,537 
6,235 
6,215 
6,537 
 _______________  
Notes: 
* 
At the end of the period.  
** 
As per 30 September 2021. 
*** 
In management accounts. 
**** 
Operating income in relation to net sales.  
***** 
Excluding new leases. 
Energy 
The Energy division has four technology-based business units: Brazed & Fusion Bonded Heat 
Exchangers, Energy Separation, Gasketed Plate Heat Exchangers and Welded Heat Exchangers. The 
division targets customers in markets such as: oil and gas extraction, oil and gas processing and 
transport, refineries, petrochemicals and power generation. The division also works with construction-
related applications, such as heating, ventilation and cooling, and has an offering for customers in the 
mining and metal industries and lighter industries, to name a few examples. Energy efficiency is a 
focus area in which the division helps its customers to reduce their energy consumption, which is 
beneficial both from a financial and environmental point of view. 
The Energy division’s business comprises sales of components, configured products and projects. 
This means that in addition to direct customer sales, the division also reaches customers via system 
builders, contractors, retailers, agents and distributors. Heat transfer is the main technology offered, 
comprising everything from gasketed plate heat exchangers for gentler applications to different types 
of welded heat exchangers for more demanding applications. Separation technology is the other main 
technology offered in respect of both high-speed separators and decanter centrifuges. 
The major end markets are heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("HVAC") (27 per cent.), oil & 
gas (13 per cent.), petrochemicals (13 per cent.), manufacturing (13 per cent.), refinery (8 per cent.), 
power (7 per cent.), inorganic chemicals (6 per cent.) and refrigeration (7 per cent.).4 
Brazed & Fusion Bonded Heat Exchangers 
A majority of the business targets HVAC applications – meaning that the unit, to a large extent, is 
exposed to the construction industry as well as to public investments in district heating. This unit is 
largely driven by energy efficiency, transformation from fossil heating and new sustainable 
refrigerants. A part of the business is involved in engine or industrial applications, such as engine 
cooling for off-road vehicles or pleasure boats as well as cooling and cleaning of liquids in light 
manufacturing. 
 
                                                     
4 Share of division’s order intake.

--- Page 101 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 101 - 
 
 
Energy Separation 
This business unit delivers separation solutions for the process industry and circular economy. It 
focuses on purification and recycling of industrial process flows and residual streams, production of 
green chemicals and bio-fuels. The main technologies offered are high-speed separators, decanter 
centrifuges, evaporation solutions and fresh water generators.  
Gasketed Plate Heat Exchangers 
While this business unit is responsible for supporting all three divisions and thus has an extremely 
wide product range, its focus in the Energy division is on supplying gasketed plate heat exchangers 
for HVAC, cooling, engine cooling, chemical processing, oil production and power generation. 
Welded Heat Exchangers 
This business unit is responsible for all types of welded heat exchangers including compact plate heat 
exchangers, spirals, plate-and-shell, wet-surface air coolers, Packinox, shell-and-tube as well as air 
heat exchangers for demanding process applications with high pressures and temperatures in the 
refinery, petrochemical, gas processing, pulp, paper and mining industries. 
The table below sets out certain key figures for the Energy division. 
 
Key figures – Energy 
 
Third quarter 
Jan-Dec 
Last 12 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
months** 
Consolidated 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
Orders received...................................................... 
3,659 
2,716 
11,952 
13,073 
Order backlog* ...................................................... 
5,969 
5,301 
4,740 
5,969 
Net sales ................................................................ 
3,146 
2,922 
12,187 
12,074 
Operating income*** ............................................ 
479 
454 
1,882 
1,780 
Operating margin**** ........................................... 
15.2% 
15.5% 
15.4% 
14.7% 
Depreciation and amortisation ............................... 
115 
104 
452 
444 
Investments***** .................................................. 
118 
134 
352 
375 
Assets* .................................................................. 
13,028 
14,107 
12,726 
13,028 
Liabilities* ............................................................. 
5,431 
5,748 
5,574 
5,431 
Number of employees* .......................................... 
5,135 
5,113 
5,111 
5,135 
 _______________  
Notes: 
* 
At the end of the period.  
** 
As per 30 September 2021. 
*** 
In management accounts. 
**** 
Operating income in relation to net sales.  
***** 
Excluding new leases. 
Marine 
The Marine division has four technology-based business units: Pumping Systems, Boiler Systems, 
Gas Systems and Marine Separation & Heat Transfer Equipment. The division’s customers include 
shipowners, ship yards, manufacturers of diesel and gas engines and companies that specialise in 
offshore extraction of oil and gas. The division’s sales force targets customers directly. Its customers 
are well defined and limited in number – so a direct approach is possible with a limited sales force. 
The division’s offering includes heat transfer equipment, high-speed separators and pumping systems 
as well as different environmental products such as ballast water treatment systems and also digital 
services.

--- Page 102 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 102 - 
 
 
The major end markets are shipbuilding and maritime transport (76 per cent.), offshore oil & gas (15 
per cent.) and engine power (8 per cent.).5 
Pumping Systems 
This unit supplies cargo pumping systems for product and chemical tankers and pumping systems for 
utilities and safety applications on board offshore platforms. 
Boilers Systems  
This unit supplies boilers, heat recovery systems, gas combustion units and thermal fluid systems 
primarily for the marine sector but also for engine-generated bower and industrial applications on 
land.  
Gas Systems 
This unit supplies inert gas systems and exhaust gas scrubbers to customers in the marine industry. 
Marine Separation & Heat Transfer Equipment 
High-speed separators, heat exchangers, ballast water treatment systems and filters are some of the 
products that this unit offers to the marine industry and diesel and gas-engine manufacturers. 
The table below sets out certain key figures for the Marine division. 
 
Key figures – Marine 
 
Third quarter 
Jan-Dec 
Last 12 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
Months** 
Consolidated 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
Orders received...................................................... 
3,780 
3,136 
14,067 
14,018 
Order backlog* ...................................................... 
9,927 
10,198 
9,173 
9,927 
Net sales ................................................................ 
3,451 
3,515 
15,867 
13,824 
Operating income*** ............................................ 
558 
570 
2,758 
2,386 
Operating margin**** ........................................... 
16.2% 
16.2% 
17.4% 
17.3% 
Depreciation and amortisation ............................... 
221 
199 
814 
821 
Investments***** .................................................. 
88 
32 
137 
183 
Assets* .................................................................. 
28,283 
24,870 
24,086 
28,283 
Liabilities* ............................................................. 
6,621 
7,291 
6,695 
6,621 
Number of employees* .......................................... 
4,882 
4,558 
4,489 
4,882 
 _______________  
Notes: 
* 
At the end of the period.  
** 
As per 30 September 2021. 
*** 
In management accounts. 
**** 
Operating income in relation to net sales.  
***** 
Excluding new leases. 
Operations 
The Operations division is a Group-wide organisation that handles the Group’s manufacturing-related 
procurement and production as well as logistics and distribution. The Operations divisions ensures, on 
a global basis, that anything sold by the three divisions, including everything from heat exchangers 
and separators to pumps, valves and membranes, is produced and delivered in line with customers' 
requests.  
 
                                                     
5 Share of division’s order intake.

--- Page 103 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 103 - 
 
 
Manufacturing 
Alfa Laval’s production structure is based on its three key technologies and organised to provide the 
most even load and hence the best capacity utilisation possible across its production units. Separators, 
for example, are sold within all divisions and are therefore ultimately found in a number of different 
application areas and processes. But the technological foundation is essentially the same, which 
makes it possible to consolidate production to shared units – regardless of whether the individual 
separators are for the marine sector or food processing. In other words, Alfa Laval’s production 
structure is based on technology, not the end market. At year-end 2020, Alfa Laval had 39 major 
manufacturing units, spread across Europe, Asia, the United States and Latin America. During 2019, 
Operations experienced rapid fluctuations in order intake and deliveries. On top of this, the 
organisation continued to implement selective capacity expansions in certain areas while efforts to 
concentrate certain manufacturing to fewer sites were completed. In 2020, two major production 
facilities were closed: one in Denmark and another in India. A distribution unit in Mumbai was 
consolidated with a production facility in Pune, India. During this year, Alfa Laval also moved to an 
entirely new factory in Qingdao, China, which is the largest and a state-of-the-art factory for 
manufacturing of products such as boilers.  
From a short-term perspective – that is, in the day-to-day work – the focus during 2020 was on 
sustainability, lead times, quality, productivity and cost. From a long-term perspective, considerable 
time was devoted to strengthening the manufacturing process by ensuring the right competence is in 
place, investing in new production technologies, assessing opportunities related to automation, 
digitisation and 3D printing, while ensuring that the results also lead to improvements from a health, 
safety and environmental perspective. 
Procurement 
The procurement organisation handles all of Alfa Laval’s needs for direct as well as indirect 
materials, for all factories and distribution centres. The largest item in the cost of goods sold is direct 
materials, accounting for a full 70 per cent., and any improvements possible within this area are 
therefore extremely valuable. The organisation handles procurement of a variety of goods and raw 
materials, such as aluminium, stainless steel, titanium, cast metal, forged iron, electrical equipment 
and fasteners, to name a few examples. It is also responsible for the purchase of goods outside the 
manufacturing process, such as software, consulting services, hardware, telecommunications and 
company cars.  
When it comes to procurement, there are many parameters to take into consideration. Cost is a factor, 
but it is one of many. It must be weighed against quality, dependability, delivery capacity and 
reliability and at the same time, the supplier needs to meet Alfa Laval’s business principles 
concerning environment, health and safety. Alfa Laval has a platform for auditing suppliers, which 
simplifies assessments so that comparable results are obtained.  
Alfa Laval’s shared supply chain is a strength. Alfa Laval can consolidate the demand for metals and 
other products/goods for all production units, achieve economies of scale and gain leverage in 
negotiations right from the start. At the same time, the right work method can generate considerable 
savings. Training and process development are carried out on an ongoing basis to ensure a uniform 
and structured work method, regardless of where in the world the buyer is located. This includes 
incorporating an ever-larger portion of the total procurement volumes into global contracts, which 
reduces the number of suppliers, reduces costs and minimises complexity. 
Procurement also manages the development of existing and new suppliers to optimise Alfa Laval’s 
current value chains and future needs through cooperative projects and product development. These 
factors must be weighed against the supplier’s technical ability, quality, dependability, delivery 
capacity and reliability and at the same time, the supplier needs to meet Alfa Laval’s business 
principles concerning environment, health and safety.

--- Page 104 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 104 - 
 
 
Distribution and logistics 
Logistics and the distribution of components, spare parts and new products include everything from 
order handling and inventory management to stock picking, delivery and invoicing. It is not enough 
for a product to be of high quality and in line with specifications as it must also reach the recipient at 
the right time, in a secure way and with as little impact on the environment as possible. Alfa Laval has 
eight distribution centres, spread over Europe, Asia and North America. They process over 1.2 million 
order lines every year. Distribution and logistics is also responsible for Alfa Laval’s overall transport 
needs. Consolidating transportation needs provides economies of scale, from both a cost and quality 
perspective, however, cost is only one parameter that must be considered. The environment is another 
important component. Alfa Laval actively works to reduce the Group’s freight-related CO2 emissions. 
In 2020, Alfa Laval continued to implement a new transportation management system according to 
plan, which will enable customers to better track their deliveries from Alfa Laval. During 2020, Alfa 
Laval’s deliveries to most end markets increased considerably, particularly towards the end of the 
year. Despite its high volumes, Alfa Laval kept the share of air freight in line with 2019. At the end of 
2020, 68 per cent. of freight had been shipped by road, 24 per cent. by sea and 6 per cent. by air. 
Vision and business concept 
Alfa Laval’s vision and drivers are to “help create better everyday conditions for people” by offering 
efficient and environmentally responsible products and solutions in the areas of heat transfer, 
separation and fluid handling.  The vision is at the core of Alfa Laval’s efforts to realise its business 
concept: “To optimise the performance of its customers’ processes, time and time again”. This is 
achieved by helping customers to become more productive and competitive through the delivery of 
high-quality products and solutions in the three key technologies: heat transfer, separation and fluid 
handling. 
Strategic priorities 
In order to achieve its vision, implement its business concept and attain its growth, profitability and 
capital utilisation goals, Alfa Laval has established a number of strategic priorities that encompass 
customer collaboration, a focus on products and working to further strengthen the aftermarket. 
Customers 
Alfa Laval endeavours to optimise its customers’ processes. Naturally, the Group’s products play a 
key role in this, however, customers tend to weigh other criteria as well when they evaluate their 
overall experience with a supplier. By meeting the customer’s expectations and needs, from the initial 
contact through the sales process to delivery and even in the aftermarket, the conditions are created 
for a positive customer experience, making it more likely that Alfa Laval will become their first 
choice for their next procurement. Alfa Laval works on a broad scale to simplify customer 
collaboration. One aspect of this involves an organisational structure created to ensure short decision-
making paths and thus faster customer contacts. Another involves the establishment of three 
standardised business models to address customers’ differing needs, challenges and purchasing 
processes. 
1. 
Standard – sale of standardised components through channels and online, with a focus on easy 
accessibility and lead times. 
2. 
Configured – standardised components with standard configuration formats for adaptation to 
specific applications, capacities, etc. 
3. 
Project – customised systems and solutions for customers with specific requirements.

--- Page 105 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 105 - 
 
 
There are also other ways to make things easier for customers. Alfa Laval therefore works actively to 
improve and develop its digital platforms, including everything from its website and e-commerce 
platforms to marketing initiatives and social media. The goal is to reach the customer early in the 
decision-making process, help them find Alfa Laval’s website, make it easier for them to find what 
they need there and even offer them a way of configuring, as well as ordering, products online. 
Purchasing patterns change and it is essential for Alfa Laval to keep up. 
Products 
Alfa Laval’s product offering in the three key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid 
handling serves as the foundation for achieving the Group’s goal for profitable and organic growth. 
The efficiency and quality of these products are considered, and expected to remain, key criteria for 
customers who want to improve their competitiveness while reducing their energy consumption and 
environmental impact. To ensure that Alfa Laval’s product offering is constantly one step ahead of its 
competitors, the Group invests approximately 2.5 per cent. of its sales in research and development. 
This level reflects an intensification of the Group’s development efforts in order to increase the 
number of products launched during the coming years. This may include everything from brand new 
products to improved versions of existing ones. Another important aspect of development work is 
identifying new areas of application for existing products. When it comes to products, Alfa Laval has 
turned up the pace by introducing more focused activities to ensure that the time from concept to 
product launch is substantially shortened. This is an overall change that affects all product groups, but 
heat exchangers and high-speed separators are two examples where the focus is on new, differentiated 
platforms for various areas of application.  
At the same time, the consolidation of production to fewer units in Europe, the United States and Asia 
continued under the Footprint programme with the aim to strengthen Alfa Laval’s products and 
competitiveness over time. 
While the focus is mainly on organic growth, the Group’s product offering can naturally also be 
strengthened and expanded through acquisitions – primarily of supplementary products in the three 
key areas, but also of products that are new to the Group and complement the offering in application 
areas where Alfa Laval is already represented. 
Service 
The aftermarket – meaning service and spare parts – is a significant part of the Alfa Laval’s business. 
It involves local activity with a global presence comprising more than 100 service centres worldwide. 
Alfa Laval’s products have a long service life, which forms the foundation for a large installed base 
that, to varying degrees and with varying frequency, requires both spare parts and service. Thus, the 
installed base has inherent revenue potential that the Group aims to capitalise on through various 
reinforced activities. These may comprise an expansion of additional service centres or the 
introduction of further automation or standardisation of service execution. Alfa Laval has a 
comprehensive aftermarket portfolio and can tailor its offering to the individual customer. The work 
to further refine this packaging of aftermarket products will continue, including elements of 
digitisation. At the same time, this focus on service goes hand-in-hand with the other two strategies – 
being swift in dialogue and collaboration with the customer and supporting the offering of high-
quality products with an equally high-quality offering of spare parts and service. 
An initiative that can be used to illustrate new manners of working is the Marine division’s global 
service organisation – International Marine Service. It offers constant support and service to marine 
customers, regardless of where in the world they are located. The structure is based on six service 
hubs that cover three regions, with seamless transfers over time zones. Coordinators and service 
technicians at these service hubs can provide technical advice remotely. This organisation also 
includes service engineers positioned at various ports around the world who are ready to mobilise.

--- Page 106 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 106 - 
 
 
Sustainability work 
Business principles 
Alfa Laval’s four business principles represent the foundation of the Group’s sustainability work. 
They are aimed at continuously improving Alfa Laval’s social, environmental and ethical work as 
well as its transparency. Alfa Laval’s business principles incorporate the “Protect, Respect and 
Remedy” framework introduced in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights as well 
as the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. The Group also supports the UN’s Sustainable 
Development Goals. 
Social responsibility – respect for human rights is fundamental 
Carrying out the due diligence and providing good working conditions is an essential part of this 
principle. One of Alfa Laval’s foremost priorities is to prevent the occurrence of workplace accidents. 
The Group has a vision of a workplace that is free from accidents and work-related illnesses. It also 
has a zero tolerance towards child and forced labour. 
Business integrity – high ethical standards guide the Group’s conduct 
Alfa Laval conducts its business with honesty, integrity and respect for others. The foundation for this 
principle is that Alfa Laval is to comply with the laws in effect where the Group operates. The 
principle covers areas such as anti-bribery and anti-corruption (ABAC) efforts. In 2020, 100 per cent. 
of management employees and 86 per cent. of the white-collar employees were trained in anti-
corruption. During 2020, Alfa Laval focused on a stronger business integrity culture and increased 
transparency, and the updated whistleblowing system was a key component of such initiatives.  
The environment – the Group optimises the use of natural resources 
It is important that Alfa Laval’s production and service operations continuously enhance the 
efficiency of their energy and water use. The Group makes significant contributions to reducing the 
environmental impact of industrial processes. In 2020, many of the Group’s environmental targets for 
the year were achieved. For example, Alfa Laval has, compared to 2015, reduced its carbon emissions 
by 15 per cent, and its water consumption in water scarce areas by 10 per cent. The new target is to 
become carbon neutral by 2030 across the value chain. 
Transparency – the Group’s commitment to open dialogue builds trust 
Alfa Laval believes in open communication but is careful not to reveal commercially valuable 
information. The Group’s ambition is to build trust through open dialogue with various stakeholders, 
for example, by addressing the opportunities and challenges within the area of sustainability.  
Sustainability as an integrated part of the products and solutions 
Alfa Laval offers a wide spectrum of solutions that can contribute to clean water, produce fresh water 
and cut total water consumption such as, heat exchangers that desalinate salt water, decanter 
centrifuges that treat biological wastewater and dewater sludge as well as membranes that can filter 
out the smallest impurities. Alfa Laval also offers products and systems that can contribute to more 
efficient water usage in a wide range of industries, such as breweries. 
Furthermore, the Group’s main product, the compact plate heat exchanger, is more efficient than 
alternative technologies, allowing it to play a crucial role in boosting the overall efficiency of the 
customer’s manufacturing process, leading to lower costs and a reduced environmental impact. They 
can also be used for waste-heat recovery purposes, enabling substantial energy savings. Every year,

--- Page 107 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 107 - 
 
 
Alfa Laval heat exchangers installed in energy efficiency applications save 50 gigawatt, which 
corresponds to the energy needed to heat up 10 million homes in Europe. 
For marine customers, Alfa Laval offers a number of solutions that reduce the impact on environment, 
such as systems for treating ballast water, lowering the sulphur content of ships’ exhaust, cleaning 
crank-case gases and bilge water. 
Contributing to the UN’s Global Goals 
The UN has adopted 17 Sustainable Development Goals for 2030, known as the Global Goals, that 
world leaders have pledged to achieve. Alfa Laval’s business contributes to the achievement of 15 of 
these Global Goals. Brief descriptions of how Alfa Laval contributes to the achievement of these 15 
goals are provided below.  
Zero hunger 
Alfa Laval’s products and solutions improve shelf life, reduce waste and make food production 
hygienic and safe. 
Good health and well-being 
Alfa Laval delivers efficient, hygienic equipment improving sustainable performance in the 
pharmaceutical industry. 
Quality education 
Alfa Laval is committed to ensure quality education in its own business. The Group also supports 
charities and volunteering projects related to school education around the globe.  
Gender equality 
Diversity and inclusion are key priorities for Alfa Laval and the aim is to increase the proportion of 
female employees and managers year-on-year.  
Clean water and sanitation 
Alfa Laval offers a wide range of technologies to treat wastewater and generate fresh water. These 
solutions contribute to improved access to clean and fresh water across the globe.  
Affordable and clean energy 
Alfa Laval’s products are involved throughout the renewable energy production process, from heating 
and cooling to mixing and separation.  
Decent work and economic growth 
Alfa Laval’s business principles require decent working conditions. Working conditions and safety 
are highly prioritised areas both in Alfa Laval’s own operations and in the demands Alfa Laval sets on 
its suppliers.  
Industry, innovation and infrastructure 
Alfa Laval invests heavily in research and development; has historically launched 30-40 new products 
per year; and has over 3,700 patents.

--- Page 108 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 108 - 
 
 
Sustainable cities and communities 
Alfa Laval provides solutions for energy efficient district heating and cooling often using waste heat 
as well as thermal storage solutions.  
Responsible consumption and production 
Alfa Laval’s ambition is to make every new product more efficient than its predecessor in a life cycle 
perspective. Many of the products contribute to turning waste into value in different type of 
production processes. 
Climate action 
Alfa Laval works to minimise climate impact across the value chain. The portfolio of diverse products 
improve energy efficiency which, in turn, lowers the consumption of fossil fuels and thus reduces 
carbon emissions. 
Life below water 
Alfa Laval offers a whole range of products in the areas of energy and environment which contribute 
to reducing marine pollution and protecting marine biodiversity. 
Life on land 
Alfa Laval provides a cooling solution that protects the world’s largest seed collection to provide a 
backup if a natural catastrophe, environmental damage or war would deplete the Earth’s crop 
diversity.  
Peace, justice and strong institutions 
Alfa Laval has a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption. The Group’s programme builds 
on the six steps outlined in the UK Bribery Act and is based on a “prevent, detect and correct” 
methodology.  
Partnerships for the goals 
Alfa Laval has been a signatory of the UN Global Compact since 2011. It actively engages with 
stakeholders across its entire value chain to develop common solutions and create shared value. 
Research and development 
Alfa Laval’s goal is to offer products and process solutions that can enhance the efficiency of 
customers’ processes and thereby increase their competitiveness. In a world increasingly focused on 
competition, Alfa Laval wants to be customers’ first choice. To maintain this position, continuous 
investments in research and development are necessary to ensure that the Group’s products and 
solutions are both efficient and state of the art.  
Alfa Laval’s growth rate and the tempo of its product launches are constantly accelerating, and major 
initiatives have been undertaken in the last few years. The most important of these were the launch of 
two new platforms for separators and heat exchangers and the development and implementation of 
several digital solutions.  
Life cycle analyses can help Alfa Laval define and implement methods that also take environmental 
aspects into consideration during the development and design of key technologies. The ambition is 
that every new product, in addition to being more efficient, should have a smaller impact on the

--- Page 109 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 109 - 
 
 
environment than the product it replaces. However, it is not only about the product’s own life cycle, 
as it is also about developing a product or solution that can help make the customer’s processes more 
resource efficient. 
Alfa Laval has increased its rate of product launches over the past few years. Taking into account 
product improvements, upgrades and entirely new products, Alfa Laval launches approximately 100 
products annually, which is the equivalent of around two products per week. The focus is on 
delivering products and services that can provide improvements for the customer, whether in terms of 
energy efficiency or the ability to digitally monitor product performance.  
Competence centres for tomorrow’s solutions 
During the last few years, Alfa Laval has established international competence and test centres in 
different key areas. In 2020, the Hygienic Fluid Handling business unit opened a major technology-
specific application and test centre in Kolding, Denmark.  
In addition to competence centres, Alfa Laval has different product based business centres. Each 
centre focuses on a specific product portfolio, such as compact heat exchangers, fluid handling 
products or boilers. These centres are responsible for research and development as well as further 
developing existing product platforms. They are also responsible for product strategies, pricing, sales 
tools and training as well as follow-up and evaluation of product launches.  
Investments 
The costs for research and development amounted to SEK 1,039 million in 2020, corresponding to 2.5 
per cent. of net sales. Excluding currency effects and acquisition/divestment of business, the costs for 
research and development decreased by 2.4 per cent. compared to 2019. 
Patent protection 
When new products, designs or functions are ready, Alfa Laval’s patent department steps in. The new 
products must be protected to ensure that the Group's investments generate revenues. The patent 
department works actively to protect and defend Alfa Laval’s technologies and products around the 
world. Every year, the patent department handles a large number of internal reports on new 
inventions, of which approximately 35-70 lead to new patent applications. The patent department also 
deals with trademark registrations and investigations as well as monitoring and handling patent 
infringements. As at 31 December 2020, Alfa Laval held a total of more than 3,700 patents, registered 
in Sweden as well as in other countries. 
Continuously developing the operations  
For Alfa Laval, working with development is about much more than the concept of research and 
development. Development is continuous and permeates all areas of the operations. Work related to 
the supply chain is handled by Operations Development. This organisation makes sustainable 
improvements across the entire chain, from procurement and production to distribution and logistics, 
which encompasses further developing the procurement process and investigating, developing and 
evaluating new production technology within the framework of Industry 4.0. During 2020, a pilot 
project was established for additive manufacturing – 3D printing of product components. 
Operations Development has employees at major production facilities spread across the globe. The 
goal of their work is to find solutions that strengthen Alfa Laval’s competitiveness and the unit 
manages hundreds of projects every year. Another unit that also works with development is Corporate 
Development. They work according to a strategic, long-term view of technical development in 
possible future growth areas and new market concepts. They also support long-term activities carried

--- Page 110 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 110 - 
 
 
out in Alfa Laval’s various functions, and investigate and analyse different possibilities when it comes 
to new technologies or areas that could present future challenges or opportunities. 
Acquisitions and divestments 
During 2021 
On 4 October 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it had acquired the Norwegian system manufacturer, 
LiftUP. LiftUP is a market leader in removing waste from fish farms to reduce their impact on the 
marine environment. The acquisition is part of Alfa Laval’s strategy of building up an attractive 
aquaculture product portfolio and creating an expanded and sustainable growth platform for the 
future. LiftUP will become part of the Pumping Systems business unit in the Marine Division.  
On 8 July 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it had acquired a minority stake in Marine Performance 
Systems B.V., a Dutch maritime technology company that is developing an air lubrication system to 
distribute air bubbles under the hulls of vessels generating significant fuel savings as a result.  
On 29 June 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it had agreed on a joint venture with Wallenius, called 
AlfaWall. The joint venture company will develop an innovative technology to use wind as 
propulsion on large vessels with the ambition to dramatically reduce the fuel consumption.  
On 1 June 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it had completed the acquisition of StormGeo, a global 
leader in weather intelligence and advanced data science solutions. The acquisition is part of Alfa 
Laval’s strategy to support the marine industry’s efforts to make operations more efficient and also 
enhances Alfa Laval’s knowledge within digital services. StormGeo’s total sales in 2020 amounted to 
SEK 699 million. StormGeo will become part of the Alfa Laval Marine Division.  
On 15 March 2021, Alfa Laval became a partner in the Power-to-X consortium by acquiring 2.9 per 
cent. of the shares in the Swedish company, Liquid Wind for SEK 4 million. The company develops 
electro-fuel facilities to produce renewable clean fuels. 
On 25 February 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it is part of the next phase of development for a 
sustainable energy storage solution by participating in the new issue of shares in Malta Inc of SEK 81 
million, which has increased its ownership to 20.5 per cent. Malta Inc is developing a completely new 
energy storage solution that will facilitate the shift towards renewable energy. 
On 18 February 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it has become a partner in an innovation project to 
develop pumping technology for more sustainable fish farming together with its joint venture partner, 
a Norwegian fish farming company, Lingalaks, by acquiring a 50 per cent. share in the joint venture, 
Stadion Laks AS in Norway for SEK 4 million. 
On 12 January 2021, Alfa Laval announced that it had acquired Sandymount, a US-based beverage 
technology company with a unique and patented membrane technology to concentrate beer. 
Sandymount will be integrated into the Food Systems business unit in the Food & Water division.  
During 2020 
On 28 August 2020, Alfa Laval divested the operations and net assets of DSO Fluid Handling Inc in 
the U.S.  
On 1 July 2020, Alfa Laval acquired a smaller operation, WCR Benelux BV, based in the Netherlands 
for SEK 10 million.

--- Page 111 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 111 - 
 
 
During 2019 
On 31 December 2019, the last remaining Greenhouse operation shell-and-tube Sarasota, also known 
as Alfa Laval Champ, was sold to Thermal Solutions Manufacturing.  
On 30 April 2019, Alfa Laval announced that it had completed the divestment of its air heat 
exchanger business, related to commercial/industrial air heat exchangers. The business, previously 
placed in the Greenhouse division, is as at 1 May 2019 part of the LU-VE Group. The product group 
commercial/industrial air heat exchangers represented a major part of the Greenhouse division and 
reported revenues in 2018 of about SEK 1.1 billion. 
On 18 December 2018, Alfa Laval announced that it had signed an agreement to acquire certain 
technologies and activities from Airec – a Malmö, Sweden-based innovation company with patented 
technology for dimple asymmetric heat exchangers. The new company has been integrated into the 
Brazed & Fusion Bonded Heat Exchangers unit of the Energy division. The acquired technology 
represented untapped opportunities in combination with Alfa Laval’s existing heat transfer know-
how, manufacturing footprint and global market presence. The transaction was closed on 2 January 
2019. Airec had sales of SEK 14 million between July 2017 and June 2018.  
During 2018 
On 20 December 2018, Alfa Laval announced that it had acquired 13 per cent. of the shares in the 
newly created technology company Malta Inc for SEK 72 million. The company has developed an 
innovative energy storage solution to substantially grow the implementation of renewable energy. 
On 4 April 2018, Alfa Laval announced that it had signed an agreement to sell its commercial tubular 
heat exchanger business, which at the time was part of the Greenhouse division, to the BITZER 
Group. This business had been part of the Greenhouse division since 2016 and reported revenues of 
about SEK 120 million in 2017. 
On 27 March 2019, Alfa Laval announced that it had signed an agreement to sell its heat exchangers 
systems business, which at the time was part of the Greenhouse division, to NIBE Group. The heat 
exchanger systems business had been part of the Greenhouse division since 2016 and reported 
revenues of SEK 300 million in 2017. 
During 2017 
On 19 May 2017, Alfa Laval acquired the remaining 16.67 per cent. of the shares in its subsidiary 
Chang San Engineering Co Ltd in South Korea for SEK 58 million, which made it a fully owned 
subsidiary. The shareholding in the company was part of the acquisition of Frank Mohn AS in 2014.  
Related party transactions 
Tetra Pak within the Tetra Laval Group is Alfa Laval’s single largest customer with 4.7 per cent. of 
net sales during 2020 (5.4 per cent. during 2019). In April 2021, Tetra Pak entered into a purchasing 
agreement with Alfa Laval that governs the distribution, research and development, market and sales 
information, use of trademarks and intellectual property. The following areas shall be agreed upon 
from time to time between representatives of the parties: products that are subject to the agreement, 
prices and discounts of such products, geographical markets and product areas where Tetra Pak is 
Alfa Laval’s preferred distributor, the right of Tetra Pak to affix its trademarks to Alfa Laval products, 
sales goals for Tetra Pak in defined geographical markets, products and technologies that are the focus 
of joint research and development and the ownership rights of the research and development result 
and use of market and sales information. The agreement aims at the applications within liquid food 
where Tetra Pak has a natural market presence through the deliveries of packaging equipment and 
packaging material.

--- Page 112 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 112 - 
 
 
The agreement has a 12-month period of notice. The prices Tetra Pak receives are not lower than the 
prices Alfa Laval would obtain when selling to a comparable third party. The prices are fixed on a 
calendar year basis.  
Alfa Laval rents premises to DeLaval in Russia. The total rent income for this amounts to SEK 1 
million.  
The Board of Directors for Alfa Laval AB (publ) has two representatives from Tetra Laval - Jörn 
Rausing and Finn Rausing.  
As per the respective year-ends, Alfa Laval has the following balance items against companies within 
the Tetra Laval Group (Tetra Pak and DeLaval). 
Consolidated 
Receivables on/ payables to 
related parties 
 
2020 
2019 
 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
Receivables: .....................................................................................................................................  
 
 
Accounts receivable ..............................................................................................................................
159 
185 
Liabilities: 
 
 
Accounts payable..............................................................................................................................  
0 
- 
Other liabilities .....................................................................................................................................
19 
6 
 
 
 
As per the respective year-ends, Alfa Laval had the following transactions with companies within the 
Tetra Laval Group (Tetra Pak and DeLaval). 
Consolidated 
Revenues/expenses from 
related parties 
 
2020 
2019 
 
SEK millions 
SEK millions 
Net sales ...............................................................................................................................................
1,968 
2,533 
Other operating income ........................................................................................................................
1 
2 
Employees 
During 2020, Alfa Laval had an average number of 17,160 employees, the majority located in China 
(3,354), Sweden (2,392), Denmark (1,763), USA (1,563), India (1,292) and Norway (1,092). The 
table on the next page shows the average number of employees by region for the financial years 2019 
and 2020.

--- Page 113 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 113 - 
 
 
 
Board of Directors and Group management 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors consists of nine members and three employee representatives.  
Dennis Jönsson (Chairman) 
Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2020. Former positions include: President and CEO of Tetra 
Pak. Education: BSc. Econ from Stockholm University. 
Henrik Lange (Board member) 
Board member since 2018. Other appointments: Board member of Velux A/S, IPCO AB, Thomas 
Concrete AB, Traction AB and the German-Swedish Chamber of Commerce. Former positions 
include: President and CEO of Gunnebo AB, senior positions within the SKF Group, including 
Industry Division Manager and CFO, and CEO of Johnson Pump AB. Education: BSc. Econ. from the 
Gothenburg School of Business, Economics and Law. 
Finn Rausing (Board member) 
Board member since 2000. Other appointments: Board member of the Tetra Laval Group, De Laval 
Holding AB, EQT AB, Swede Ship Marine AB and Excillium AB. Education: B.L. MBA from 
INSEAD. 
Jörn Rausing (Board member) 
Board member since 2000. Other appointments: Head of Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A) in the 
Tetra Laval Group and Board Member of the Tetra Laval Group, Ocado Ltd. and De Laval Holding 
AB. Education: BSc. Econ. 
 
 
Average number of employees - by region 
Number 
17,387 
18,000 
S63 ;::::::::::::::; 161 
15,000 
12,000 
9 ,000 
6,000 
3 ,000 
o .__ __ _ 
■ 
Nordic 
■ 
North America 
:, 
5 ,928 
688 
2.861 
2019 
Westem Europe 
Latin America 
17,160 
563;::::~:::;::::::; 154 
5,959 
7 23 
2.743 
5 361 
2020 
Central & Eastem Europe 
■ 
Asia 
■ 
Other

--- Page 114 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 114 - 
 
 
Ulf Wiinberg (Board member) 
Board member since 2013. Other appointments: President of X-Vas Inc., Chairman of the Board of 
Hansa Biopharma AB and Sigrid Therapeutics and Board member of UCB Pharma and Agenus Inc. 
Former positions include: CEO of H. Lundbeck A/S, Director of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, 
EMEA/Canada & BioPharma, and a number of other senior positions in Wyeth. 
Heléne Mellquist (Board member) 
Board member since 2019. Other appointments: CEO of Volvo Penta and Board member of Thule 
Group AB. Former positions include: CEO of Rederi AB Transatlantic and a number of senior 
positions at Volvo Trucks, Volvo Buses and Volvo Penta. Education: Diploma in International 
Economy from the University of Gothenburg, Executive Program Stockholm School of Economics. 
Maria Moræus Hanssen (Board member) 
Board member since 2019. Other appointments: Chairman at Oslobygg KF and Waterfront AS and 
Board member of Schlumberger limited and Scatec ASA. Former positions include: COO, Vice 
President/CEO of Wintershall Dea Holding GmbH and President and CEO of DEA Deutsche Erdoel 
AG. Held several executive positions in ENGIE SA, Aker ASA, Statoil ASA (now Equinor ASA) and 
Norsk Hydro ASA. Education: Master of Science in Petroleum Engineering from NTNU – Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science in Petroleum Economics and 
Management from Institute du Petrole at the IFP School in Paris.  
Ray Mauritsson (Board member) 
Board member since 2020. Other appointments: President and CEO, Axis AB. Former positions 
include: Several leading positions in Axis Communications AB and Tac (now part of Schneider 
Electric). Education: MSc. Engineering Physics, Lund University Faculty of Engineering. Executive 
MBA, Lund University School of Economics.  
Lillian Fossum Biner (Board member) 
Board member since 2021. Other appointments: Board member of L E Lundbergföretagen AB, Scania 
AB, Carlsberg Group A/S, Givaudan SA and a-connect AG. Former positions include: CFO at Axel 
Johnson AB and Senior Vice President and Head of HR and Organizational Development for 
Electrolux Group. Education: BSc. Econ. Stockholm School of Economics 
Bror Garcia Lantz (Employee representative) 
Employee representative since 2012. Employed by Alfa Laval since 1990. Employee representative 
for the Swedish Union of Clerical and Technical Employees in Industry (Unionen). 
Henrik Nielsen (Employee representative) 
Employee representative since 2015. Employed by Alfa Laval since 1994. Employee representative 
for the Swedish Metal Workers' Union (IF Metall). 
Johan Ranhög (Employee representative) 
Employee representative since 2021. Employed by Alfa Laval since 2016. Employee representative 
for the Swedish Confederation of Professional Associations (SACO).

--- Page 115 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 115 - 
 
 
Group management 
Tom Erixon (President and CEO) 
CEO since 1 March 2016. Other appointments: Board member of Boliden AB. Former positions 
include: President and CEO of OVAKO AB and President of Sandvik Coromant. Education: MA Law 
from the University of Lund in Sweden and MBA Business from IESE in Spain. 
Jan Allde (CFO) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2018. CFO since 2018. Former positions include: Several international 
positions in ABB, most recently as the Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer for Americas. 
Education: BSc, Business Administration & Finance, Stockholm University, Sweden. 
Mikael Tydén (President, Operations division) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 1995. President of the Operations division since 2017. Former 
positions include: Head of global manufacturing and supply of separators, decanters, hygienic fluid 
handling equipment and air heat exchangers. Education: Ms. Mech. Eng. 
Thomas Møller (President, Energy division) 
President of the Energy Division since 2021. Former positions include: President Business Unit 
Decanters, Water & Waste Segment Manager and Market Unit Power Manager. Education: BSc. Eng.  
Nish Patel (President, Food & Water division) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 1984. President of the Food & Water division since 2017. Former 
positions include: Executive Vice President in charge of the Western Europe and North America 
Regions, and Head of India and the UK, all at Alfa Laval. Education: BSc. Eng. 
Sameer Kalra (President, Marine division) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2011. President of the Marine division since 2019. Other 
appointments: Member of the investment committee of Maj Invest Equity Southeast Asia II K/S. 
Former positions include: President of Business Unit Pumping Systems and Global Head of the 
Marine & Offshore Systems Segment in Alfa Laval, and also several international management 
positions in Aalborg Industries. Education: Master of Business Administration - University of 
Chicago, USA, and Graduate Marine Engineer - Directorate of Marine Engineering and Training 
India. 
Joakim Vilson (Senior Vice President, Global Sales & Service) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 1990. Former positions include: Executive Vice President in charge of 
the Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, Middle East and Africa Regions, Head of Mid Europe 
Region and Head of the Process Industry segment, all at Alfa Laval. Education: BSc. Eng. 
Pascale Gimenez (Senior Vice President, Human Resources) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2018. Former positions include: HR Director within Sandvik and 
Senior Vice President-HR & Organization EMEA at Electrolux. Education: Master in Marketing from 
ESSEC Business School and Agricultural Engineer ISAB from Institut Supérieur Agricole de 
Beauvais.

--- Page 116 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 116 - 
 
 
Emma Adlerton (General Counsel & Secretary to the Board of Directors) 
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2008. Former positions include: Senior legal counsel in the Alfa Laval 
Group and attorney at law. Education: Master Laws (LL.M), Lund University. 
The business address of each of the board members and the members of the management is P.O. Box 
73, SE-221 00 Lund, Sweden.  
Jörn Rausing and Finn Rausing are board members of Tetra Laval Group, which is a part of Tetra 
Laval International S.A., being the largest shareholder of the Guarantor with 29.1 per cent. of the 
shares and the votes in the Guarantor (as at 30 September 2021). This constitutes a potential conflict 
of interest between their duties to the Guarantor as members of the board and their private interests or 
other duties. Dennis Jönsson, chairman of the board, has also not been assessed to be independent of 
the Guarantor’s major shareholders. Aside from this, the Guarantor is not aware of any potential 
conflict of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of the members of the board and the members 
of the management and their private interests or other duties. 
To protect the minority shareholders from any abuse of control by the major shareholders, six out of 
nine members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor are independent of the Guarantor’s major 
shareholders. Furthermore, all members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor are independent of 
the Guarantor and its management. The minority shareholders of the Guarantor are also protected 
from abuse by the shareholders with large shareholdings through the minority shareholder protection 
provisions of the Swedish Companies Act, pursuant to which the minority shareholders under certain 
circumstances can block certain kinds of shareholder resolutions, concerning inter alia amendments to 
a company’s articles of association. Also, as a general rule under the Swedish Companies Act, all 
shares in a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden must be treated equally 
in the decision-making of the company. Shareholder resolutions where shareholders are not treated 
equally and where no permitted exception to this principle of equality is applicable can be contested 
by any shareholder in the company. Further, shareholder resolutions made with the aim of giving a 
shareholder an undue advantage in relation to the company or the other shareholders of the company 
can be contested by any other shareholder in the company. Furthermore, according to the Swedish 
Companies Act, (1) a shareholder is not allowed to take part in the decision making relating to (a) 
legal claims against the shareholder, (b) the discharge of responsibility for damages or any other 
obligation in relation to the company and (c) legal claims or discharge referred to in (a) or (b) which 
relates to any other person, if the shareholder has a material interest which could be contrary to that of 
the company, (2) a board member is not allowed to take part in the handling of matters relating to 
agreements between the company and (a) the board member, (b) a third party in which the board 
member has a material interest which could be contrary to the interest of the company, and (c) a legal 
person which the board member, alone or in conjunction with another person, is allowed to represent 
unless the legal person is a member of the same group as the company. The provisions in (2)(a)-(c) 
above do not apply where the board member, directly or indirectly, owns all shares in the company. 
Committees 
Alfa Laval has a Remuneration Committee and an Audit Committee. These committees report to the 
Board of Directors of the Guarantor. Committee members are appointed from among the board 
members of the Guarantor for a period of one year. 
Audit Committee 
Among other duties, the Audit Committee is tasked with ensuring compliance with the principles for 
financial reporting and internal control. The Audit Committee formulates guidelines for the 
Guarantor's financial reporting and follow-up, and has the right to determine the focus of the internal 
audit. The Audit Committee also examines the procedures for reporting and financial controls, as well 
as the work, qualifications and independence of the external auditors.

--- Page 117 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 117 - 
 
 
Members are appointed annually at the Board of Directors' statutory meeting. In 2021, the Audit 
Committee comprises Henrik Lange (Chairman), Heléne Mellquist and Dennis Jönsson.  
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is involved in recruitment, appointments, and matters pertaining to 
other conditions of employment relating to the President and CEO or members of Group management. 
The Remuneration Committee's assignment is to prepare the guidelines for remuneration to senior 
executives to be resolved on by the annual general meeting of the Guarantor and to submit proposals 
to the Board of Directors of the Guarantor regarding salary and employment terms for the President 
and CEO. In addition, the Remuneration Committee addresses matters regarding salary and 
employment terms for senior executives who report directly to the President and CEO. 
The Remuneration Committee is appointed annually at the Board of Directors' statutory meeting. In 
2021, the Remuneration Committee comprises Dennis Jönsson (Chairman), Jörn Rausing and Ulf 
Wiinberg.

--- Page 118 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 118 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to 
which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Kingdom of Sweden Taxation 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a "Non-resident Holder" means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not 
a resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than their 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Under Swedish tax law, payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder of Notes will not 
be subject to Swedish income tax unless such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or 
business through a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the payment of principal or interest 
is attributable. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-
resident Holder of Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject 
to Swedish income tax unless the Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business in 
Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the capital gain is attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains 
taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the 
classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have 
been resident in Sweden or have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This 
liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a "Resident Holder" means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a 
resident of Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
In general, payment of any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a 
Resident Holder of Notes will be subject to Swedish income tax. A Resident Holder of Notes will also 
be subject to Swedish income tax on any capital gain on the sale of Notes. Redemption of Notes is 
treated as a sale of Notes. Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident 
Holder of Notes. However, preliminary income tax is withheld on payments of interest to individuals 
and estates of deceased individuals.

--- Page 119 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 119 - 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has since ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced,  apply to certain dealings 
in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Noteholders are advised 
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Sweden) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes  that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  
However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.   Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 120 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), BNP Paribas, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Nordea Bank Abp, 
Standard Chartered Bank AG and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 9 November 2021 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers. If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that 
Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the 
method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations 
of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses 
of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) 
in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.  In 
addition in the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes outside the United States.  The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers reserve the right to 
reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason.  This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer to any person in the United States.  Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person. or to any other person within the United 
States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited.  The Notes 
and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may 
not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States.  The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes will only be 
offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 121 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 121 - 
 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 122 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 122 - 
 
 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 123 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 123 - 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Kingdom of Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any 
draft or definite document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in the Kingdom of Sweden 
except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation or the Act on Supplementary Rules to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (Sw. lagen (2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU:s prospektförordning) or 
any other Swedish enactment. Neither the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has examined, approved or registered this 
Base Prospectus or will examine, approve or register this Base Prospectus. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State 
of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the

--- Page 124 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 124 - 
 
 
Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or 
resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time 
to time, the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA.

--- Page 125 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 125 - 
 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each future Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
None of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and

--- Page 126 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 126 - 
 
 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described 
in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 127 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the 
Issuer passed on 25 October 2021 and resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor 
passed on 25 October 2021. The giving of the Guarantee of the Notes has been authorised by 
a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor passed on 25 October 2021. Each of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and 
the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may 
have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor and its 
subsidiaries.  
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer nor any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Issuer. Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Guarantor or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries and since 30 September 2021 there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Guarantor 
or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries.  
Auditors 
4. 
The unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. Staffan Landén, a 
partner at Ernst & Young AB, was responsible for the audit. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor have been audited without 
qualification for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  Staffan 
Landén and Karoline Tedevall, partners at Ernst & Young AB, were responsible for the audit. 
Staffan Landén and Karoline Tedevall are authorised public accountants, and members of 
FAR (the Swedish institute for authorised public accountants). 
Listing Agent 
5. 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may 
entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third 
parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with, where applicable, English translations 
thereof) 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from

--- Page 128 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 128 - 
 
 
https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/bonds/, for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the certificate of registration and the articles of association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the certificate of registration and the articles of association of the Guarantor; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and 
definitive form); and  
(g) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any future base prospectuses, supplements, 
information memoranda, Drawdown Prospectus and Final Terms to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Material Contracts 
7. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other member of the Group is party to any material 
contracts outside the ordinary course of their business which could result in them being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to their ability to make payments under any 
Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification 
Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the 
relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, 
the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche 
of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield of such Tranche of 
Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue 
date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. The yield indicated will 
be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the relevant issue date of the Notes and will not be 
an indication of future yield.

--- Page 129 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 129 - 
 
 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Code of the Issuer is 549300JCAG8ICQAUC638 and of the 
Guarantor is 549300UCKT2UK88AG251. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.

--- Page 130 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 130 - 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Alfa Laval Treasury International AB (publ) 
Rudeboksvägen 1 
PO Box 73 
SE-221 00 Lund 
Sweden 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Alfa Laval AB (publ) 
Rudeboksvägen 1 
PO Box 73 
SE-221 00 Lund 
Sweden 
ARRANGER 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungstradgardsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
REGISTRAR, FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue JF. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor  
as to Swedish law: 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
PO Box 4291 
203 14 Malmö 
Sweden 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 131 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 131 - 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
Ernst & Young AB 
PO Box 7850 
103 99 Stockholm 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 132 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 132 - 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€ vi, 45 
2000 Brussels Regulation ............................. 28 
2012 Brussels Regulation ............................. 28 
30/360 ........................................................... 43 
30E/360 ......................................................... 44 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................ 44 
Accountholder ............................................... 89 
Accrual Yield ................................................ 40 
Actual/360 ..................................................... 43 
Actual/365 ..................................................... 43 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................ 43 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................................. 43 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 43 
Additional Business Centre(s) ...................... 40 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ...................... 40 
Adjustment Spread ........................................ 40 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 39 
Agent ............................................................. 39 
Agents ........................................................... 39 
Alfa Laval ..................................................... 93 
Alternative Rate ............................................ 40 
an offer of Notes to the public ............ 122, 124 
ANNA ........................................................... 86 
Base Prospectus ........................................ 1, 77 
Bearer Notes.................................................. 39 
Belgian Consumer ....................................... 124 
Benchmark Amendments ........................ 41, 59 
Benchmark Events ........................................ 41 
Broken Amount ............................................. 41 
business day .................................................. 53 
Business Day ................................................. 41 
Business Day Convention ............................. 42 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 42 
Calculation Amount ...................................... 42 
Calculation Period ......................................... 43 
Central Bank ................................................... 1 
CGN .............................................................. 11 
Change of Control ......................................... 65 
Change of Control Period ............................. 65 
Change of Control Put Event ........................ 64 
Change of Control Put Event Notice............. 64 
Change of Control Put Option ...................... 64 
CIBOR .................................................... 25, 43 
Classic Global Note ...................................... 11 
Clearing System Business Day ..................... 90 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ....................... 11, 34 
CNY ............................................................... vi 
Code .............................................................. 43 
Commission’s Proposal .............................. 119 
Conditions ......................................... iii, 39, 77 
Coupon .......................................................... 52 
Coupon Sheet ................................................ 43 
Couponholder ............................................... 52 
COVID-19 .................................................... 16 
CRA Regulation ....................................... 1, 85 
D1 ........................................................... 44, 45 
D2 ........................................................... 44, 45 
DA Selected Bond ........................................ 62 
Danish Kroner ................................................ vi 
Day Count Fraction....................................... 43 
Dealer Agreement ....................................... 120 
Dealers ........................................................ 120 
Deed of Covenant ......................................... 39 
Deed of Guarantee ........................................ 39 
Definitive Notes ............................................ 35 
Determination Agent .................................... 62 
Dispute .......................................................... 74 
distributor .................................................. v, 76 
DKK............................................................... vi 
dollars ............................................................ vi 
Drawdown Prospectus ................................... iii 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ................. 45 
Early Termination Amount ........................... 45 
ECB .............................................................. 34 
EEA .......................................................... 1, 76 
ESMA ............................................................. 1 
EU ................................................................. vii 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ......................... vii 
EUR ............................................................... vi 
EURIBOR ............................................... 25, 45 
euro .......................................................... vi, 45 
Eurobond Basis ............................................. 44 
Euroclear ................................................. 11, 34 
Euronext Dublin ................................. 1, 45, 85 
Eurosystem ................................................... 34 
EUWA ...................................................... 1, 76 
Extraordinary Resolution .............................. 45 
FCA .............................................................. 25 
FIEA ........................................................... 123 
Final Redemption Amount ........................... 45 
Final Terms .............................................. iii, 39 
first currency ................................................. 74 
First Interest Payment Date .......................... 45 
first Person .................................................... 51 
Fiscal Agent .................................................. 39 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................. 45 
Floating Rate Convention ............................. 42 
Following Business Day Convention ........... 42 
foreign financial institutions ....................... 119 
foreign passthru payments .......................... 119 
FSMA ....................................................... v, 76 
General Data Protection Regulation ............. 22 
Global Note ................................................... 34 
Global Registered Note................................. 37

--- Page 133 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 133 - 
 
 
Gross Redemption Yield ............................... 62 
Group ................................................ 15, 46, 93 
Guarantee ...................................................... 46 
Guarantee of the Notes .................................. 46 
Guarantor .................................................. 1, 39 
HVAC ......................................................... 100 
ICSDs ............................................................ 34 
IGAs ............................................................ 119 
Indebtedness .................................................. 46 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 46 
Individual Note Certificates .......................... 36 
Initial Longstop Date .................................... 65 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............... v, 76 
Interest Amount ............................................ 46 
Interest Commencement Date ....................... 46 
Interest Determination Date .......................... 46 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 46 
Interest Period ............................................... 47 
Investor’s Currency ....................................... 29 
ISDA ............................................................. 47 
ISDA Definitions .......................................... 47 
Issue Date ...................................................... 47 
Issuer ......................................................... 1, 39 
IT 18 
JPY ................................................................. vi 
LEI ................................................................ 10 
Lugano Convention ....................................... 28 
M1 ........................................................... 44, 45 
M2 ........................................................... 44, 45 
Margin ........................................................... 47 
MAS ............................................................ 124 
Material Subsidiary ....................................... 47 
Maturity Date ................................................ 47 
Maximum Redemption Amount ................... 47 
Member State ................................................. vi 
MiFID II .................................................... 1, 76 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................. v 
Minimum Redemption Amount .................... 47 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................. 42 
New Global Note .......................................... 11 
New Safekeeping Structure ..................... 12, 37 
NGN ........................................................ 11, 34 
NIBOR .................................................... 25, 47 
No Adjustment .............................................. 42 
NOK ............................................................... vi 
Non-resident Holder .................................... 118 
Norwegian Kroner ......................................... vi 
Note Certificate ............................................. 53 
Noteholder......................................... 47, 52, 53 
Notes ......................................................... 1, 39 
NSS ......................................................... 12, 37 
offer ..................................................... 121, 123 
Official List ............................................... 1, 85 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............ 47 
Optional Redemption Amount (Change of 
Control Put) .............................................. 48 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ............. 48 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ................. 48 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control 
Put)............................................................ 48 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .................. 48 
participating Member State ......................... 119 
Paying Agents ............................................... 39 
Payment Business Day ................................. 48 
Permanent Global Note................................. 34 
Permitted Security Interests .......................... 48 
Person ........................................................... 48 
Potential Change of Control Announcement 65 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............ 42 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................... v, 76 
Principal Financial Centre ............................ 49 
Proceedings ................................................... 74 
Programme ................................................ 1, 39 
Property ........................................................ 49 
Prospectus Regulation .............................. 1, 77 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 49 
Put Option Receipt ........................................ 49 
Put Period ..................................................... 64 
Quotation Time ............................................. 62 
Rate of Interest .............................................. 49 
Rating Agency .............................................. 65 
Rating Downgrade ........................................ 65 
Record Date ............................................ 69, 90 
Redemption Amount ..................................... 49 
Redemption Margin ...................................... 62 
Reference Banks ........................................... 49 
Reference Bond ............................................ 62 
Reference Bond Price ................................... 62 
Reference Bond Rate .................................... 63 
Reference Date.............................................. 63 
Reference Government Bond Dealer ............ 63 
Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations ................................................. 63 
Reference Price ............................................. 49 
Reference Rate .............................................. 49 
Registered Notes ..................................... 36, 39 
Registrar ........................................................ 39 
Regular Date ................................................. 50 
Regular Period .............................................. 49 
Relevant Coupons ......................................... 67 
Relevant Date ............................................... 50 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 50 
Relevant Indebtedness .................................. 50 
Relevant Nominating Body .......................... 50 
Relevant Person(s) ........................................ 65 
Relevant Screen Page ................................... 50 
Relevant Time ............................................... 50 
Remaining Term Interest .............................. 63 
Reserved Matter ............................................ 50

--- Page 134 ---
0017972-0000153 UKO2: 2003353011.20 
- 134 - 
 
 
Resident Holder .......................................... 118 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount ..... 51 
retail investor ...................................... 121, 123 
S&P ........................................................... 1, 85 
Screen Rate Determination Agent................. 51 
second currency ............................................ 74 
second Person................................................ 51 
Securities Act .................................................. 1 
Security Interest ............................................ 51 
SEK ................................................................ vi 
Series ............................................................. 39 
SFA ........................................................ vi, 124 
Specified Currency ........................................ 51 
Specified Denomination(s) ........................... 51 
Specified Office ............................................ 51 
Specified Period ............................................ 51 
STIBOR .................................................. 25, 51 
Subsidiary ..................................................... 51 
sub-unit ................................................... 55, 57 
Successor Rate .............................................. 51 
Swedish Kronor ............................................. vi 
Talon ............................................................. 51 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................. 52 
TARGET2 .................................................... 51 
TEFRA C Rules ............................................ 34 
TEFRA D Rules ............................................ 34 
Temporary Global Note ................................ 34 
Tranche ......................................................... 39 
Transfer Agents ............................................ 39 
Treaty ............................................................ 52 
U.S. dollars .................................................... vi 
U.S.$ .............................................................. vi 
UK ............................................................ 1, 76 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ......................... 25 
UK CRA Regulation ....................................... 1 
UK distributor ............................................... 77 
UK MiFIR ..................................................... 77 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ..... v, 77 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .............................. v, 76 
UK Prospectus Regulation .............................. v 
UN ................................................................ 18 
Y1 ........................................................... 44, 45 
Y2 ........................................................... 44, 45 
Zero Coupon Note ........................................ 52