--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer applies 
to the Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) attached to this electronic transmission and you are therefore 
advised to read this disclaimer carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached Base 
Prospectus. In accessing the attached Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and 
conditions, including any modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us 
as a result of such access. 
Confirmation of Your Representation: By accessing this Base Prospectus you have confirmed to Joint Stock 
Company “ALFA-BANK” (the “Arranger” and the “Dealer”) and Alfa Bond Issuance plc (the “Issuer”) that (i) 
you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (ii) you are either (a) not a U.S. person (within the 
meaning of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), or acting 
for the account or benefit of any U.S. person, and that the electronic mail address you have given to us is not 
located in the United States, its territories and possessions, or (b) a person that is “Qualified Institutional Buyer” 
within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a “QIB”) and a qualified purchaser (a “QP”), as defined 
in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”) in reliance on the 
exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) thereunder, (iii) you consent to delivery by electronic transmission, (iv) 
you will not transmit the attached Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or 
in writing, any of its contents to any other person except with the consent of the Arranger and the Dealer, and (v) 
you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any legal, taxation or other economic 
considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe for or purchase of any of the Notes. 
You are reminded that the attached Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Base Prospectus, 
electronically or otherwise, to any other person and in particular to any U.S. person or to any U.S. address. Failure 
to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other 
jurisdictions. 
Restrictions: NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF 
SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS 
UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
ANY NOTES TO BE ISSUED HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT 
(1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE 
HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QIB WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A THAT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS THAT ARE ALSO QPS, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, IF AVAILABLE, OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Under no circumstances shall this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful. 
This Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the UK. The 
communication of this Base Prospectus is only being made to those persons falling within Article 19(5) or 
Article 49 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, or to other persons 
to whom this Base Prospectus may otherwise be distributed without contravention of sections 21 or 238 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, or any person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made. This 
communication is being directed only at persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments

--- Page 2 ---
and any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates will be engaged in only with such 
persons. No other person should rely on it. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via 
this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the 
Arranger nor the Dealer, any person who controls any of the Arranger or the Dealer, Alfa Bank, the Issuer, any 
director, officer, employee or agent of any of them, or any affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or 
responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic 
format and the hard copy version available to you on request from any of the Arranger or the Dealer.

--- Page 3 ---
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes 
to be issued by, but with limited recourse to, 
 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc 
for the purpose of financing loans to 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
Under the programme for the issuance of loan participation notes (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the 
“Base Prospectus”), Alfa Bond Issuance plc (the “Issuer”), a public company with limited liability, established under the laws 
of Ireland, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue loan 
participation notes (the “Notes”) on the terms set out herein, as completed by final terms (each such final terms, the “Final 
Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Series (as defined below) (the “Series Prospectus”) setting out the specific 
terms of each issue (in the case of a Senior Series (as defined below)) or in a Series Prospectus only (in the case of a Subordinated 
Series (as defined below)). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The Notes will be issued in Series (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme”) and the sole purpose of issuing each Series will be to finance either a senior loan (a “Senior Loan”) or a 
subordinated loan (a “Subordinated Loan” and, together with a Senior Loan, the “Loans” and each a “Loan”) to Joint Stock 
Company “ALFA-BANK” (“Alfa Bank”), established under the laws of the Russian Federation (“Russia”), as borrower, on 
the terms of either: (i) in relation to a Senior Loan, the facility agreement (as amended and restated) between the Issuer and 
Alfa Bank dated 17 April 2013 (as may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time) (the “Facility Agreement”), 
as amended and supplemented by a loan supplement to be entered into in respect of each Loan on or before each issue date (the 
“Issue Date”) of the relevant Series (each a “Loan Supplement” and, together with the Facility Agreement, the “Senior Loan 
Agreement”), or (ii) in relation to a Subordinated Loan, a subordinated loan agreement between the Issuer and Alfa Bank, to 
be entered into on or before the Issue Date of the relevant Series (the “Subordinated Loan Agreement”). In this Base 
Prospectus, “Loan Agreement” shall mean either (i) a Senior Loan Agreement (in respect of a Senior Loan) or (ii) a 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (in respect of a Subordinated Loan), as applicable. The relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus 
(in respect of a Senior Series (as defined below)) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series (as defined 
below)) in respect of the issue of any Series of Notes will specify whether a Loan being financed by such Series of Notes is a 
Senior Loan (such Series of Notes being a “Senior Series”) or a Subordinated Loan (such Series of Notes being a 
“Subordinated Series”). Subject as provided in the Trust Deed (as defined herein) the Issuer will (a) charge, in favour of BNY 
Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”), by way of a first fixed charge as security for its payment 
obligations in respect of each Series of Notes and under the Trust Deed, certain of its rights and interests under the relevant 
Loan Agreement and the relevant Account (as defined in the relevant Loan Agreement), but excluding any Reserved Rights (as 
defined in the Trust Deed), and (b) assign, in favour of the Trustee, certain of its other rights under the relevant Loan Agreement 
including rights in respect of any Loan Assignment (as defined below) but excluding any Reserved Rights, in each case for the 
benefit of the holders of the corresponding Series of Notes (the “Noteholders”), all as more fully described under “Overview 
of the Programme”. 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in respect of a Series 
of Notes, the obligation of the Issuer to make any such payment constitutes an obligation only to account to the Noteholders, 
on each date upon which such amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are due in respect of such Series 
of Notes, for an amount equivalent to all principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) actually received and retained (net 
of tax and all other deductions whatsoever) from Alfa Bank by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Loan 
Agreement, less any amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights. The Issuer will have no other financial obligation under the 
Notes. Noteholders will be deemed to have accepted and agreed that they will be relying solely on the credit and financial 
standing of Alfa Bank in respect of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. SEE “RISK FACTORS” BEGINNING 
ON PAGE 10. 
The Notes and the corresponding loans have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the 
“Securities Act”), and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (“U.S. Persons”) (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, “Regulation S”). The issuer 
has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”). 
The Notes may be offered and sold (i) within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”), as defined in Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”), and in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by, Rule 144A (the 
“Rule 144A notes”) that are also qualified purchasers (“QPs”), as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act 
in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) thereunder and (ii) to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in

--- Page 4 ---
reliance on Regulation S (the “Regulation S Notes”). Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Rule 144A 
notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a 
description of these and certain further restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Under Russian law, the Notes are securities of a foreign issuer. The Notes are not eligible for initial offering and public 
circulation in the Russian Federation. Neither the issue of the Notes nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Notes has been, 
or is intended to be, registered with the Central Bank of Russia (the “CBR”). The information provided in this Base Prospectus 
is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Notes in the Russian Federation or to 
or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). 
The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. For unlisted Notes the Final Terms do not constitute Final Terms 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or 
Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not 
such Notes will be listed on Euronext Dublin (or any other stock exchange) and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
(or any other market). Any reference in this Base Prospectus to listing shall be interpreted as listing and admission to trading 
on the Regulated Market. 
Notes of each Series that are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of, and in accordance with Regulation S, will 
initially be represented by interests in a global unrestricted Note in registered form (each a “Regulation S Global Note”), 
without interest coupons, which will be, unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect 
of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), deposited with a common depositary for, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of, Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), on its Issue Date. Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note will be shown 
on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through records maintained by, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Notes of 
each Series sold to QIBs that are also QPs, as referred to in, and subject to the transfer restrictions described in, “Subscription 
and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”, will initially be represented by interests in one or more global restricted Notes in 
registered form (each a “Rule 144A Global Note” and together with any Regulation S Global Notes, the “Global Notes”), 
without interest coupons, which will, unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of 
a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), be deposited with a custodian for, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) on its Issue Date. Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Note will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its 
participants. See “Summary of the Provisions Relating to the Notes in Global Form”. Individual definitive Notes in registered 
form will only be available in certain limited circumstances as described herein. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the Dealer (as defined 
below) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. The minimum specified denomination of any Notes 
issued under the Programme shall be EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes), 
provided that (i) interests in the Rule 144A Notes shall be held in amounts of not less than U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and (ii) Notes with a maturity of less than 365 days shall be held in amounts of not less than EUR300,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
Alfa Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 December 2021

--- Page 5 ---
i 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus references to the “Alfa Banking Group” mean ABH Financial Limited (“ABH Financial”) 
and its consolidated subsidiaries, and references to the “Alfa Bank Group” mean Alfa Bank and its consolidated 
subsidiaries. 
Each of the Issuer and Alfa Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of each of the Issuer and Alfa Bank, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. Alfa Bank’s full 
legal name is Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” and its brand name is “Alfa Bank”. Alfa Bank’s registered office 
is located at 27 Kalanchevskaya Street, 107078 Moscow, Russia and its principal place of business is 9 Mashi 
Poryvaevoy Street, 107078 Moscow, Russia. The Issuer’s legal name is Alfa Bond Issuance plc, and it is established 
as a public company with limited liability in Ireland under Companies Acts 1963-2005, as amended, under number 
410510 and its registered address is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
In addition, Alfa Bank, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus contains all 
information with respect to Alfa Bank, the Loans and the Notes that is material in the context of the issue and offering 
of the Notes; (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus with regard to Alfa Bank are in every material 
respect true and accurate and not misleading; (iii) the opinions, expectations and intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus with regard to Alfa Bank are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances 
and are based on reasonable assumptions; (iv) there are no other facts in relation to Alfa Bank, the Loans or the Notes 
the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes, make any statement in this Base 
Prospectus misleading in any material respect; and (v) all reasonable enquiries have been made by Alfa Bank to 
ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
Each of Alfa Bank and the Issuer has derived certain information in this Base Prospectus, including certain information 
concerning the Russian banking market and its competitors, which in each case may include estimates or 
approximations, from publicly available sources and information, including annual reports, industry publications, 
market research, press releases, filings under various securities laws and official data published by certain Russian 
government agencies, such as the CBR and the Federal State Statistics Service of Russia (“RosStat”). Each of Alfa 
Bank and the Issuer has accurately reproduced such information. As far as each of Alfa Bank and the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from the relevant publicly available sources and information, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the 
Trustee, the Permanent Dealer or the Arranger (each as defined under “Overview of the Programme”) to subscribe for 
or purchase any of the Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the Trustee, the 
Permanent Dealer and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Further 
information with regard to restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and the distribution of this Base Prospectus is 
set out under “Subscription and Sale”. 
No person is authorised to provide any information or make any representation not contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any information or representation not contained in this Base Prospectus and any information or representation so 
contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the Trustee, the 
Permanent Dealer or the Arranger. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at any time does not imply that the information 
contained in it is correct as at any time subsequent to its date. Any website referred to in this document does not form 
part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central 
Bank”). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offer, sale or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances 
create any implication that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or Alfa Bank since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the Trustee, the Permanent Dealer or the Arranger or any of the respective 
representatives is making any representation to any offeree or purchaser of the Notes regarding the legality of an 
investment by such offeree or purchaser under relevant legal investment or similar laws. Each investor should consult 
with its own advisers as to the legal, tax, business, financial and related aspects of purchase of the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers must comply with all laws that apply to them in any place in which they buy, offer or sell any 
Notes or possess this Base Prospectus. Any consents or approvals that are needed in order to purchase any Notes must 
be obtained. Alfa Bank, the Issuer, the Permanent Dealer and the Arranger are not responsible for compliance with 
these legal requirements. The appropriate characterisation of any Notes under various legal investment restrictions, 
and thus the ability of investors subject to these restrictions to purchase such Notes, is subject to significant

--- Page 6 ---
ii 
 
 
interpretative uncertainties. No representation or warranty is made as to whether or the extent to which any Notes 
constitute a legal investment for investors whose investment authority is subject to legal restrictions. Such investors 
should consult their legal advisers regarding such matters. 
Notes of each Series are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Notes of each Series are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes of each Series has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes of each Series is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes of each Series to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes of each Series (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes of each Series (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes of each Series has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes of each Series is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes of each Series to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes of each Series (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes of each Series (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
This Base Prospectus is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom, (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”), (iii) high net worth entities and (iv) other persons to whom it may 
lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred 
to as “relevant persons”). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, 
purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a 
relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer will, in the event 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation 
to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus or information contained therein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, to sell, exchange 
or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does 
not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian 
securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended for any persons in the Russian Federation 
who are not “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 51.2 of the Federal Law No. 39-FZ “On the Securities 
Market” dated 22 April 1996, as amended (the “Russian QIs”) and must not be distributed or circulated into Russia

--- Page 7 ---
iii 
 
 
or made available in Russia to any persons who are not Russian QIs, unless and to the extent they are otherwise 
permitted to access such information under Russian law. The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Russia 
and are not intended for “placement” or “circulation” in Russia (each as defined in Russian securities laws) unless and 
to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Notes. Any investment in 
Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated 
by the Central Bank. 
Where the Issuer wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that the Notes are issued 
in accordance with an exemption granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 of Ireland, as amended. 
Benchmarks Regulation - interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable on the Notes are calculated by reference to, inter alia, LIBOR or EURIBOR, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of LIBOR, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited, is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, the European Money Markets 
Institute, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as Alfa Bank is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by the Arranger or the Permanent Dealer as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, and nothing contained in this document is, or 
shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation, whether as to the past or the future. The Arranger and the 
Permanent Dealer assume no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each person contemplating making an investment in any Notes issued under this Base Programme from time to time 
must make its own investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of Alfa Bank and the Issuer, and its own 
determination of the suitability of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and 
experience and any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS OR SERIES 
PROSPECTUS (IN RESPECT OF A SENIOR SERIES) OR SERIES PROSPECTUS ONLY (IN RESPECT 
OF A SUBORDINATED SERIES) (THE “STABILISING MANAGER(S)”) (OR PERSON ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF THE STABILISING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, THERE IS NO 
ASSURANCE THAT SUCH STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
ANY 
STABILISING 
MANAGER) 
WILL 
UNDERTAKE 
STABILISATION 
ACTION. 
ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF A SERIES OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, 
MAY BE ENDED AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF SUCH SERIES OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF 
ALLOTMENT OF SUCH SERIES OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT 
SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
ANY STABILISING ACTION MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISING 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 8 ---
iv 
 
 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any state 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the Notes or the accuracy or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. 
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Neither the Issuer nor Alfa Bank is required to file periodic reports under Section 13 or 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). For so long as each the Issuer or Alfa Bank is not a reporting company 
under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the 
Issuer or Alfa Bank, as the case may be, will, upon request, furnish to each holder or beneficial owner of Notes that 
are “restricted securities” (within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act) and to each prospective 
purchaser thereof designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon request of such holder, beneficial owner or 
prospective purchaser, in connection with a transfer or proposed transfer of any such Notes pursuant to Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act or otherwise, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 9 ---
v 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................... 10 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS ...................................................................................... 52 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................... 53 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ....................................... 54 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................... 58 
OVERVIEW OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP ..................................................................... 59 
CAPITALISATION OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP .......................................................... 62 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................... 63 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP ................... 65 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ....................................................................................................... 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP ................................................................. 96 
MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................ 121 
OWNERSHIP .............................................................................................................................. 132 
RISK MANAGEMENT .............................................................................................................. 133 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION .................................................. 155 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ..................................................................................... 162 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY ............................................................................................................. 164 
SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OTHER RATIOS OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP....... 166 
THE ISSUER .............................................................................................................................. 167 
THE BANKING SECTOR AND BANKING REGULATION IN THE RUSSIAN 
FEDERATION ................................................................................................................ 169 
THE FACILITY AGREEMENT ................................................................................................ 191 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................ 230 
SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM .... 245 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................... 252 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................ 255 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................... 268 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................... 270 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................ 273 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 283 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .................................................................................. F-1

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview contains basic information about the Notes and the Loans and should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the information set forth under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” and “the Facility Agreement” appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The following overview does 
not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this document 
and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series). Words 
and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
summary. The Issuer and Alfa Bank may agree with any Dealer that the Notes may be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, in which event a Series Prospectus or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available that will describe the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes. 
Each transaction will be structured as a Loan by the Issuer to Alfa Bank of a sum equivalent to the gross proceeds 
of an issue of a Series of Notes. The Issuer will issue the Notes to Noteholders for the sole purpose of funding such 
Loan. Each Series of Notes will be constituted by the trust deed dated 17 April 2013 between the Issuer and the 
Trustee as may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, as further supplemented and amended in 
respect of such Series of Notes by a Supplemental Trust Deed (together, the “Trust Deed”), each entered into 
between the Issuer and the Trustee (as defined below). Pursuant to the Trust Deed the Issuer will (i) charge to the 
Trustee by way of a first fixed charge as security for a Series of Notes (a) all rights to principal, interest and other 
amounts payable by Alfa Bank under the relevant Loan Agreement, (b) the right to receive all sums which may be 
payable by Alfa Bank under any claim, award or judgment relating to the relevant Loan Agreement and (c) all 
rights, title and interest in and to all sums of money now or in the future deposited in an account established for 
the relevant Series of Notes with the Principal Paying Agent in the name of the Issuer (the “Account”) including 
interest from time to time earned thereon and (ii) assign certain of its rights under the relevant Loan Agreement 
(but excluding any Reserved Rights (as defined in the Trust Deed)), to the Trustee for the benefit of the holders of 
the corresponding Series of Notes. Alfa Bank will be obliged under the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement to 
make payments in respect of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) to the Issuer to the Account. The 
Issuer will agree in the Trust Deed not to make or consent to any amendment to or any modification or waiver of, 
or authorise any breach or proposed breach of, the terms of any Loan Agreement, unless the Trustee has given its 
prior written consent. The Issuer will further agree to act at all times in accordance with any instructions of the 
Trustee from time to time with respect to each Loan Agreement. Any material amendments, modifications, waivers 
or authorisations made with the Trustee’s consent shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with, and as 
more fully described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 14. Notice” and shall be binding on the Noteholders. 
Formal notice of the security interests created by any Trust Deed will be given to Alfa Bank and the Principal 
Paying Agent who will each be required to acknowledge the same. 
The Issuer will have no other financial obligations under the relevant Series of Notes and no other assets of the 
Issuer (including the Issuer’s rights with respect to any Loan relating to any other Series of Notes) will be available 
to such Noteholders. Accordingly, all payments to be made by the Issuer under each Series of Notes will be made 
only from and to the extent of such sums received and retained (net of tax) or recovered by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Trustee from the assets securing such Series. Noteholders shall look solely to such sums for payments 
to be made by the Issuer under such Notes, the obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of such Notes 
will be limited to such sums and Noteholders will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other 
assets in respect thereof. In the event that the amount due and payable by the Issuer under such Notes exceeds the 
sums so received or recovered, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding such sums shall 
be extinguished, and Noteholders may take no further action to recover such amounts.

--- Page 11 ---
2 
 
 
Set out below is a diagrammatic representation of the structure. 
 
Notes to be issued under the Programme 
Issuer: 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
54930015QM0G7XTNYR27 
Alfa Bank: 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK”. 
Legal Entity Identifier of Alfa Bank: 
253400QWEQNERA6RJS29 
Description: 
Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes 
 
pursuant to which the Issuer may issue Notes. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) in aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any one time. Alfa Bank may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
herein). In this respect, for the purpose of calculating the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding, Notes issued at a premium 
shall be treated as having been issued at the amount of their net 
proceeds received by the Issuer. 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer: 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK”. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer, on Alfa 
Bank’s instructions, may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional Dealers either in respect of one or more Series of Notes 
or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above 
as Permanent Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” 
are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in 
respect of one or more Series of Notes. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, unless it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect 
of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series) that another principal paying agent is 
appointed in respect of that Series. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Principal Paying Agent” are to The Bank of New 
York Mellon or such alternative principal paying agent or agents, as 
the case may be. 
Paying Agents: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or The Bank of New 
York Mellon, New York Branch unless it is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or 
Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series) that 
another paying agent is appointed in respect of that Series. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Paying Agents” are to The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or The Bank of New

--- Page 12 ---
3 
 
 
York Mellon, New York Branch or such alternative paying agent, as 
the case may be. 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, unless 
it is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in 
respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series) that an alternative registrar is appointed in 
respect of that Series. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Registrar” are to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch or such alternative Registrar, as the case may 
be. 
Transfer Agents: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or, in relation to 
Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
New York Branch, unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series 
Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series) that another 
transfer agent is appointed in respect of that Series. References in 
this Base Prospectus to “Transfer Agent” are to The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch and the Bank of New York Mellon, 
New York Branch or such alternative transfer agent(s), as the case 
may be. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch unless it is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a 
Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series) that another calculation agent is appointed in 
respect of that Series. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Calculation Agent” are to The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch or such alternative calculation agent, as the case may be. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch may be appointed 
as Calculation Agent in respect of any Series of Notes and 
corresponding Loan by agreement with each of the Issuer and Alfa 
Bank. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch is treated as 
having agreed to act as Calculation Agent in respect of a Series and 
corresponding Loan if it has received the Final Terms and/or the 
Series Prospectus (as the case may be) and Loan Supplement or 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (in draft or final form) naming it as 
Calculation Agent no later than five business days before the Issue 
Date or, if earlier, the first date on which it is required to make any 
calculation or determination, provided that it has not notified the 
Issuer that it does not wish to be so appointed within two business 
days of such receipt. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. The specific terms of each Series will be set out in the 
Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or 
Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series). 
Issue Price of Notes: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Status: 
Each Series of Notes will constitute the obligation of the Issuer to 
apply an amount equal to the proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
solely for financing the corresponding Loan and to account to the 
Noteholders for amounts equivalent to sums of principal, interest 
and additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the 
account of the Issuer pursuant to the corresponding Loan, all as 
more fully described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 1.

--- Page 13 ---
4 
 
 
Status”. 
Security: 
The Issuer’s payment obligations in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be secured by a first fixed charge on: 
(a) 
all of the Issuer’s rights to principal, interest and other 
amounts paid and payable under the relevant Loan 
Agreement and its right to receive all sums paid and payable 
under any claim, award or judgment relating to such Loan 
Agreement (save for any Reserved Rights (as defined in the 
Trust Deed)); and 
(b) 
all the rights, title and interest in and to all sums of money 
held from time to time in an account for the particular Series 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in 
respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in 
respect of a Subordinated Series), together with the debt 
represented thereby (including interest from time to time) 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Assignment of Rights: 
The Issuer will assign its rights under the relevant Loan Agreement 
(save for any Reserved Rights and those rights charged above), to 
the Trustee upon the closing of the offering of the corresponding 
Series of Notes. 
Form: 
Each Series of Notes will be issued in registered form. The 
Regulation S Notes and the Rule 144A Notes will be represented by 
the Regulation S Global Note and the Rule 144A Global Note, 
respectively, in each case without interest coupons. The Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for certificated notes in the definitive 
form (the “Definitive Notes”) in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Global Notes. 
Clearing Systems: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only 
(in respect of a Subordinated Series), DTC (in the case of Notes sold 
pursuant to Rule 144A), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(in the case of Notes sold pursuant to Regulation S) and such other 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, Alfa Bank, 
the Paying Agents, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only 
(in respect of a Subordinated Series), on or before the issue date for 
each Series, the Rule 144A Global Notes will be deposited with a 
custodian for DTC and the Regulation S Global Notes will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series 
Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), the Rule 144A 
Notes will be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, and the 
Regulation S Notes will be registered in the name of a nominee of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other applicable 
clearing system. Global Notes may also be deposited with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the Paying Agents, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer(s). Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of a 
nominee or nominees for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer, Alfa Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) provided that such

--- Page 14 ---
5 
 
 
currency is accepted by the relevant clearing system. 
Currency Exchange Option: 
Each Noteholder of a Note issued in Russian Roubles in respect of 
which, pursuant to Condition 7.7 (Currency Exchange Option), a 
Currency Exchange Option has been specified (a “Russian Rouble 
Note”) has the option to make an irrevocable election, pursuant to 
Condition 7.7 (Currency Exchange Option), to receive a 
forthcoming payment of principal or interest in US dollars. In 
respect of any Russian Rouble Notes for which a Noteholder has 
made such an irrevocable election to receive a payment in US 
dollars, the Principal Paying Agent will, subject to its having 
received the Exchange Amount (as defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) pursuant to and subject to Condition 7.7 
(Currency Exchange Option), purchase the required US dollars, 
using the Exchange Amount received in accordance with the Loan 
Agreement, at a purchase price calculated on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”) and make payments of interest and principal in US 
dollars. The Principal Paying Agent will not be liable to any person 
for any losses resulting from application by the Principal Paying 
Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. See Condition 7.7 
(Currency Exchange Option). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer, Alfa 
Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). Where the Issuer wishes to issue 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that the 
Notes are issued in full compliance with the conditions set out in 
Notice BSD C 01/02 dated 12 November 2002, as amended, issued 
by the Central Bank pursuant to section 8(2) of the Central Bank 
Act of 1971, as amended, of Ireland, including that the Notes 
comply with, inter alia, the following criteria: 
(a) 
at the time of issue, the Notes must be backed by assets to at 
least 100 per cent. of the value of the Notes issued; 
(b) 
at the time of issue, the Notes must be rated at least 
investment grade by one or more recognised rating agencies; 
(c) 
the Notes must be issued and transferable in minimum 
denominations of EUR300,000 or the foreign currency 
equivalent; 
(d) 
the Notes carry the title “Commercial Paper” (unless 
constituted under the laws of a country other than Ireland 
and, under those laws, the commercial paper carries a 
different title in which case it must carry such title) and must 
identify the Issuer by name; 
(e) 
it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Notes and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and the 
initial investor in the Notes that they are issued in accordance 
with an exemption granted by the Central Bank under 
Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act of 1971, inserted by 
Section 31 of the Central Bank Act of 1989, as amended by 
Section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act of 1997, each amended 
by the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of 
Ireland Act 2004; and 
(f) 
it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Notes and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and the 
initial investor in the Notes that the investment does not have 
the status of a bank deposit, is not within the scope of the 
Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank and

--- Page 15 ---
6 
 
 
that the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank arising 
from the issue of the Notes. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior 
Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated 
Series), save that unless otherwise permitted by then current laws 
and regulations: (i) Notes which have a maturity of less than one 
year will have a minimum denomination of EUR300,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) or higher integral multiples of 
EUR1,000; (ii) the Rule 144A Notes will have a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the issue date of the relevant Notes) or higher integral 
multiples of U.S.$1,000 and (iii) the minimum denomination of any 
Notes shall in any event be EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Rate of Interest: 
The Notes may be issued on a fixed rate or a floating rate basis. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in 
respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series and corresponding Loan as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(b) 
by reference to LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, EURIBOR or any 
alternative Benchmark as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate may differ from time to time or be constant for any 
Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus 
only (in respect of a Subordinated Series). 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior 
Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated 
Series) will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act of 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of the greater 
of EUR300,000 or GBP100,000 (or their equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Issuer’s Restrictions and Covenants: 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, 
without the consent of the Trustee, inter alia, incur any other 
indebtedness for borrowed moneys, or enter into other transactions 
or engage in any business (other than transactions contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus or the Trust Deed), declare any dividends or 
have any subsidiaries. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 4. 
Restrictive Covenants”. Furthermore, the Issuer will agree in the 
Trust Deed not to make or consent to any amendment or

--- Page 16 ---
7 
 
 
modification or waiver of, or authorise any breach or proposed 
breach of the terms of the corresponding Loan Agreement unless the 
Trustee has given consent. 
Redemption by the Issuer at the Option of 
Alfa Bank: 
The Issuer will redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at 100 per 
cent. of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid 
interest and all additional amounts, if any, if Alfa Bank elects to 
repay any Loan (i) in the event it is required to pay additional 
amounts on account of Russian or Irish withholding taxes in respect 
of certain payments under the corresponding Loan or payments 
under the corresponding Notes or (ii) in the event that Alfa Bank is 
required to pay additional amounts on account of certain costs 
incurred by the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement. 
Mandatory Redemption: 
In limited circumstances, as more fully described in the relevant 
Loan Agreement, the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes or, at any time, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, upon 
giving notice to the Trustee, at the principal amount thereof, together 
with accrued and unpaid interest and all additional amounts, if any, 
to the date of redemption in the event that it becomes unlawful for (i) 
the Issuer to allow the relevant Notes to remain outstanding or (ii) 
the Issuer or Alfa Bank to allow the relevant Loan to remain 
outstanding under the relevant Loan Agreement. In either case, the 
Loan would be repaid in whole, but not in part. 
Relevant Events: 
In the case of a Relevant Event (as defined in the Trust Deed), the 
Trustee may, subject as provided in the Trust Deed, enforce the 
security created in the Trust Deed in favour of the Noteholders. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest to be made by the Issuer in 
respect of each Series of Notes will be made in full without set-off 
or counterclaim and free and clear of and without deduction for or on 
account of all taxes, which are or will be imposed, assessed, charged, 
levied, collected, demanded, withheld or claimed by Ireland, or any 
taxing authority thereof or therein, other than as required by law. If 
any such taxes, duties and other charges are payable, the sum payable 
by Alfa Bank to the Issuer under the relevant Loan Agreement will 
(subject to certain exceptions) be required to be increased to the 
extent necessary to ensure that the Noteholders receive the net sum 
which they would have received free from any liability in respect of 
any such deduction or withholding had no such deduction or 
withholding been made or required to be made. The sole obligation 
of the Issuer in this respect will be to pay to the Noteholders sums 
equivalent to the sums received net from Alfa Bank, after accounting 
for any such deduction or withholding pursuant to the relevant Loan 
Agreement. 
Further Issues: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes of any Series 
on the same terms as existing Notes and such further Notes shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such existing Notes of the 
same Series even if further Notes have original issue discount for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes and even if doing so may adversely 
affect the value of the original Notes. In the event of such further 
issuance, the relevant Loan will be correspondingly increased.

--- Page 17 ---
8 
 
 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for each Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Regulated Market. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under this Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a 
Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series). 
Credit ratings assigned to the Notes do not necessarily mean that 
they are a suitable investment. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. Similar ratings on different types of notes do not 
necessarily mean the same thing. The ratings do not address the 
likelihood that the principal on the Notes will be prepaid, paid on an 
expected final payment date or paid on any particular date before 
the legal final maturity date of the Notes. The ratings do not address 
the marketability of the Notes or any market price. Any change in 
the credit ratings of the Notes or Alfa Bank could adversely affect 
the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to pay for the 
Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed 
independently from any other rating should be analysed 
independently from any other rating. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes are subject to selling restrictions in the United Kingdom, 
the United States, Ireland, Russia and other jurisdictions where the 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered or this Base Prospectus may 
be distributed. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
ERISA Considerations: 
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be regarded for 
United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended (“ERISA”) purposes as equity interests in a separate 
entity whose sole asset(s) are the Loan. Accordingly, the Notes (or 
any interest therein) may not be acquired by any Benefit Plan 
Investor (as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA. Each purchaser 
and/or holder of Notes (or any interest therein) and each transferee 
therefore will be deemed to have made certain representations as to 
its status under ERISA. Potential purchasers should read the 
sections entitled “Certain ERISA Considerations” and “Transfer 
Restrictions”.  
The Senior Loan corresponding to a Series of Notes 
Lender: 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc. 
Borrower: 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK”. 
Security and Ranking: 
No Senior Loan will be secured by any collateral. Obligations under 
the Senior Loan will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated financial indebtedness of Alfa Bank.

--- Page 18 ---
9 
 
 
Interest Basis: 
Interest will be payable on a fixed or floating rate basis as specified 
in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
Redemption at the Option of Alfa Bank: 
Each Senior Loan may be prepaid at Alfa Bank’s option in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date in the case of Floating 
Rate Loans or, at any time, in the case of Fixed Rate Loans at the 
principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest 
and additional amounts, if any, for certain tax reasons or by reason 
of certain increased costs. 
Mandatory Repayments: 
In the event that it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or Alfa Bank to 
fund any Senior Loan or allow such Senior Loan to remain 
outstanding under the relevant Senior Loan Agreement or allow the 
corresponding Series of Notes to remain outstanding, Alfa Bank 
may be required to repay the corresponding Senior Loan in full. 
Certain Restrictions and Covenants: 
The Issuer will have the benefit of certain covenants by Alfa Bank, 
all as more fully described in the relevant Senior Loan Agreement. 
Events of Default: 
In the case of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Senior 
Loan Agreement), the Trustee may, subject as provided in the Trust 
Deed, cause the Issuer to declare all amounts payable under the 
relevant Senior Loan Agreement to be due and payable. 
Use of Proceeds of the Notes and Senior 
Loans: 
The Issuer will apply the gross proceeds of the offering of each Series 
of Notes to fund the corresponding Senior Loan to Alfa Bank. In 
connection with the receipt of such Senior Loan, Alfa Bank will pay 
a facility fee, as set out in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series). Alfa Bank intends to use 
the proceeds from the Senior Loan for general corporate purposes. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest under each Senior Loan will 
be made in full without set-off or counterclaim and free and clear 
and without deduction for or on account of all taxes which are or 
will be imposed, assessed, charged, levied, collected, demanded, 
withheld or claimed by Russia or Ireland, other than as required by 
law. If any such taxes, duties or other charges are payable in respect 
of a Series of Notes, the sum payable by Alfa Bank under the 
corresponding Senior Loan will (subject to certain conditions) be 
required to be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that the 
Issuer receives and retains the net sum which it would have received 
and retained free from any liability in respect of any such deduction 
or withholding had no such deduction or withholding been made or 
required to be made. 
Governing Law: 
Each Senior Loan and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with it will be governed and construed by English 
law. 
The Subordinated Loan corresponding to a Series of Notes 
Lender: 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc. 
Borrower: 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK”. 
Terms: 
The terms of any Subordinated Loan will be as set out in the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and as agreed with the CBR. A 
Series Prospectus containing the form of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement will be published for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of any Subordinated Series to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 19 ---
10 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should consider carefully, among 
other things, the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making 
any investment decision with respect to the Notes. The risks highlighted below could have a material adverse effect 
on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects which, in turn, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to service its payment obligations under any 
Loan Agreement and, as a result, the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. In addition, the value 
of the Notes could decline due to any of these risks, and prospective investors may lose some or all of their 
investment. 
The risks and uncertainties discussed below are those that the Issuer and Alfa Bank believe are material, but these 
risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones, that the Issuer and the Alfa Banking Group face. Additional risks 
and uncertainties that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and Alfa Bank consider immaterial or of 
which they are unaware may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer and/or the Alfa Banking Group’s operating 
results and financial condition or result in other events that could lead to a decline in the value of the Notes. 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and as such its ability to make payments will depend on Alfa Bank’s ability 
to service its payment obligations under a Loan Agreement. The Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the risks highlighted below. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ALFA BANKING GROUP’S BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 
The deteriorating conditions of the Russian economy, the instability of the Russian banking sector and 
commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, liquidity and 
financial condition 
The majority of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and customers are located in, or have businesses related to, 
Russia. As a result, the Alfa Banking Group is substantially affected by the state of the Russian economy, which 
is, to a significant degree, dependent on exports of key commodities, such as oil, gas, iron ore and other raw 
materials, imports of significant amounts of consumer and other goods and access to international sources of 
financing. 
The conditions and outlook for the Russian economy deteriorated significantly during 2014 and continued to 
worsen in 2015 and 2016. According to Rosstat, the Russian economy returned to growth in real gross domestic 
product (“GDP”) terms in 2018 with GDP growing by 2.5 per cent. and expanding by 1.3 per cent. in 2019. In 
2020, Russia’s GDP contracted by 3.1 per cent. due to the 2019 novel coronavirus (“Covid-19”) pandemic. 
Inflation was 3.0 per cent. in 2019 and 4.9 per cent. in 2020. The Rouble experienced significant depreciation 
against the U.S. dollar in 2014, 2015 and early 2016. The Rouble / U.S.$ exchange rate remains volatile, and as at 
31 December 2019 amounted to RUB 61.91 per U.S.$1.00, as at 31 December 2020 amounted to RUB 73.88 per 
U.S.$1.00 and as at 30 June 2021 amounted to RUB 72.37 per U.S.$1.00. The deterioration and fluctuations in 
these and other key economic indicators were the result of a combination of macroeconomic and geopolitical 
factors, including:  
 
a significant decline in the price of Brent Crude oil during 2014, 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. The 
price of Brent Crude oil fell from U.S.$112.36 per barrel on 30 June 2014 to U.S.$55.27 per barrel on 
31 December 2014 and continued to decline throughout 2015 reaching U.S.$37.28 per barrel on 
31 December 2015, subsequently increasing throughout 2016 and 2017. The price of Brent Crude oil was 
U.S.$68.68 per barrel on 31 December 2019, U.S.$51.41 per barrel on 31 December 2020 and 
U.S.$75.08 per barrel on 30 June 2021 averaging U.S.$50 per barrel in December 2020 and U.S.$75 per 
barrel in July 2021 according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency, and continues to be volatile and 
unstable as discussed below; 
 
economic sanctions which the U.S. and the EU (as well as other nations, such as Australia, Canada, Japan 
and Switzerland) have imposed against Russian individuals and legal entities in connection with Crimea’s 
accession to the Russian Federation and the armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine have significantly 
interrupted international business relationships and seriously reduced the ability of Russian companies to 
access the international capital markets. The armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian 
army and local militia has destabilized the region and put further pressure on international relations 
between Russia and Western countries, including the United States and the EU, and has also led to the 
expansion of sanction programmes in respect of Russian legal entities and individuals (see “—Non-
compliance with OFAC and EU sanctions programmes, an expansion of these programmes or a 
significant expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings with any parties subject to sanctions could 
adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s financial condition”);

--- Page 20 ---
11 
 
 
negative investor sentiment towards investing in Russia that resulted in higher net capital outflows as 
investments decreased and Russian and non-Russian investors sought out other geographies in which to 
hold capital and make investments. According to the CBR, such outflows increased significantly in 2014 
and reached U.S.$151.5 billion, an increase of 148 per cent. from 2013. Net capital outflows amounted 
to U.S.$57.5 billion in 2015 as compared to U.S.$19.2 billion in 2016, U.S.$31.1 billion in 2017, 
U.S.$67.5 billion in 2018, U.S.$22.1 billion in 2019, U.S.$47.8 billion in 2020 and U.S.$ 28.2 billion in 
the first half of 2021; 
 
a 24.4 per cent. decrease in Russia’s international reserves from U.S.$509 billion on 31 December 2013 
to U.S.$385 billion on 31 December 2014, as significant resources were deployed in an effort to support 
the value of the Rouble along with other government initiatives to bolster the economy and support the 
Russian banking sector. The level of international reserves has since stabilised and increased, reaching 
U.S.$554.4 billion as at 1 January 2020, U.S.$597.4 billion as at 1 January 2021 and U.S.$ 599.6 billion 
on 30 July 2021. 
 
a global economic downturn caused by the Covid-19 outbreak (see “—The outbreak of Covid-19 may 
have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects”). 
In 2020, the Russian economy experienced additional pressure caused by a decrease in oil prices as a result of 
Russia and OPEC failing to reach an agreement over proposed oil production cuts, as well as falling demand for 
oil triggered by the significant slowdown of business activity and a deteriorating global macroeconomic outlook 
caused by the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic. In early March 2020, the price of Brent Crude fell from U.S.$45.3 
per barrel on 6 March 2020 to U.S.$33.3 per barrel on 12 March 2020. This drop in oil prices caused volatility in 
the global financial markets and caused the Rouble to fall in value. See “—The instability of the global economy 
and financial markets could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, liquidity and 
financial condition”.  
Negative developments affecting the Russian economy in 2014 to 2016 have had a substantial impact on the 
Russian banking sector. The resulting higher interest rates have had a negative impact on the banking sector’s 
profitability, and have adversely affected Russian consumer and corporate creditworthiness. In 2019-2020, the 
CBR proceeded to reduce gradually its key interest rate which led to a significant decrease in funding costs and 
continues to adjust the key interest rate depending on prevailing market conditions and the trajectory of the Russian 
economy. Amid increasing inflation in Russia in the first half of 2021, the CBR gradually increased the key interest 
rate from 4.25 per cent. as at 19 March 2021 to 8.5 per cent. as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The turbulence 
and the increased risk profile of the Russian banking sector has led some foreign financial institutions to limit or 
eliminate their exposure to the Russian banking sector. While the banking sector has to some extent stabilised over 
the past few years (prior to the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic), any renewed instability may negatively affect the 
ability of Russian banks, including Alfa Bank, to access further funding and liquidity for their various business 
needs, including, among other things, market instruments used for hedging purposes and trade finance operations. 
See “—The Alfa Banking Group could be negatively affected by the instability of the Russian banking sector and 
deterioration of the commercial soundness and/or the perceived soundness of other financial institutions, which 
could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other financial institutions and 
counterparties”. Another negative effect may be brought by any rating downgrades could adversely affect the Alfa 
Banking Group’s liquidity and undermine confidence in Alfa Bank, which could lead to increased borrowing costs 
and restrict the Alfa Banking Group’s access to capital markets. An increase to the Alfa Banking Group’s cost or 
reduction in availability of funding, in turn, could render it unable to meet deposit withdrawals on demand or at 
their contractual maturity, to service the credit facilities of existing customers or to fund new loans, investments 
and businesses. The deterioration in the general economic conditions in Russia, depreciation and volatility of the 
Rouble, high interest rate environment, instability of the Russian banking sector and any downgrade of credit 
ratings of Alfa Bank or the Russian Federation could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Any adverse changes to the factors discussed in the preceding paragraphs could negatively affect the financial 
condition of the Alfa Banking Group and its customers and may result, among other things, in a reduction in the 
Alfa Banking Group’s capital adequacy ratios and profits, pressure on credit risk concentration levels, an increase 
in exchange rate risk and volatility in gains and losses from foreign exchange, higher funding costs, a change in 
the strategy of the Alfa Banking Group or curtailment of some business operations due to increased risks. 
Moreover, any of these factors may cause a decrease in customer funds, a reduction in demand for loans, foreign 
currency, investment and other banking transaction services that customers carry out with the Alfa Banking Group, 
as well as a general deterioration in the quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loan book and/or a reduction in the 
market values of securities or other assets held on the Alfa Banking Group’s balance sheet, leading to significantly 
reduced operating results.

--- Page 21 ---
12 
 
The instability of the global economy and financial markets could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s business, liquidity and financial condition  
The financial markets, both globally and in Russia, have faced significant volatility, dislocation and liquidity 
constraints during the global economic crisis in 2008 and 2009. Disruption in the global financial markets has had 
a negative impact on investor confidence and has negatively affected the interbank markets and debt issuance in 
terms of volume, maturity and credit spreads. More recently, the global financial markets were characterized by 
periods of instability and uncertainty resulting from various factors, including the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, 
the withdrawal of the UK from the European Union, regional conflicts, outbreaks of contagious diseases, mounting 
concerns regarding the slowing growth of the global economy and trade tensions between some of the largest 
economies. There is a high degree of uncertainty in relation to the global economy arising from unstable trade 
relations between the U.S. and China, as well as tensions over control of investments in technology companies, 
and any escalation of trade wars could result in negative repercussions in the relevant countries and have a knock-
on effect on global trade and the economic environment generally.  
In addition, the global Covid-19 pandemic has had a severe effect on the volume of business activity and trade in 
the affected areas and worldwide. On 8 June 2021, the World Bank released its Global Economic Prospects report, 
which included a baseline forecast of a 5.6 per cent. increase in global GDP in 2021 as a result of the measures 
taken to combat the Covid-19 pandemic. The report estimated that economic activity in Russia is expected to 
increase by 3.2 per cent. in 2021, reflecting a sharp rise in oil prices and gradual economic recovery. The downturn 
in economic activity and export operations globally and in Russia in 2020 as a result of the Covid-19 outbreak was 
aggravated by the substantial decline in oil prices since early March 2020 when the global oil markets experienced 
a precipitous decline in oil prices in response to concerns regarding the potential impacts of the Covid-19 outbreak 
and the anticipated increases in oil production from OPEC countries. In April 2020, OPEC countries entered into 
a new agreement to reduce oil production, which led to a gradual increase in crude oil prices in the second half of 
2020. In December 2020, OPEC countries agreed to a gradual increase in oil production starting from 
January 2021. As a result of this agreement and general economic recovery following Covid-19 outbreak in the 
first half of 2021 led to a surge in oil prices from U.S.$51.41 per barrel on 31 December 2020 to U.S.$75.08 per 
barrel on 30 June 2021. The depreciation of the Rouble and volatility in exchange rate of the Rouble against other 
currencies may negatively impact the Alfa Banking Group’s performance in U.S. dollar terms, as well as have a 
broader effect on its operations and customers (see “—Significant depreciation or appreciation of the Rouble and 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group” 
and “—The outbreak of Covid-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects”).  
No assurance can be given that further economic downturns, financial crises or widespread stock market crashes 
will not occur, or that measures to support global or local banking and financial systems, if taken to overcome any 
downturn or crisis, will be sufficient to restore stability in the banking sectors and financial markets in the short 
term or beyond. These and other events have resulted and could result in further economic uncertainty, decrease 
of foreign investment into and increased capital outflows from Russia and emerging markets generally as well as 
persistent volatility in global and regional financial markets. 
The United Kingdom signed a withdrawal agreement with the EU and Euratom on 24 January 2020 and withdrew 
from the EU on 31 January 2020. Although a trade cooperation agreement between the United Kingdom and the 
EU was signed in December 2020, there remains considerable uncertainty regarding future relations between the 
UK and EU and the impact that the UK’s withdrawal may have in the long term. These developments have had 
and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global 
financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market 
participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and 
restrict access to capital, which could have a material adverse effect on financial institutions worldwide.  
In addition, the emergence of Covid-19 has resulted in significant disruption to the global economy. The decline 
in the economic activity of China, the EU, the United States and other countries as a result of the Covid-19 outbreak 
has resulted in a global economic downturn, which has adversely effected the Russian economy in general (see 
“—The outbreak of Covid-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects”). Negative trends in the largest economies, including the United 
States and the EU, may impact the perception of emerging market economies in general and investor appetite 
towards emerging market risk. Uncertainty in the international financial markets, further tightening in credit 
conditions and contraction of the global economy and markets in which the Alfa Banking Group operates could 
adversely impact, should the market conditions worsen, the Alfa Banking Group’s business and operating results 
due to:  
 
decreases in the Alfa Banking Group’s net interest income;  
 
decreases in the demand for the Alfa Banking Group’s credit products as a result of higher interest rates;

--- Page 22 ---
13 
 
 
significantly increased non-performing loans and credit loss allowance charges and write-offs;  
 
decreases in the business activity of Russian companies and the credit-worthiness of Russian companies 
and individuals;  
 
increases in borrowing costs and reduced, or zero, access to the capital markets due to unfavourable market 
conditions;  
 
currency volatility;  
 
liquidity constraints;  
 
outflows of deposits from accounts;  
 
significant declines in the market values of securities held in the Alfa Banking Group’s trading and available 
for sale portfolios; and 
 
deterioration of capital adequacy.  
The Alfa Banking Group believes that its level of access to domestic interbank loans and capital markets, 
international capital and syndicated loan markets, together with its ability to access other funding sources, its credit 
standing and its liquidity and risk management policies allow it to meet its liquidity needs. Nevertheless, a decrease 
in the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to access the domestic interbank loan and capital markets, the international 
syndicated loan and/or the capital markets, whether resulting from worsening market conditions, deterioration of 
the macroeconomic outlook for Russia, disruptions in the financial markets, recent geopolitical instability or 
otherwise, or maturity mismatches between the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and liabilities, may, together or 
separately, have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Alfa 
Banking Group.  
The Alfa Banking Group could be negatively affected by instability in the Russian banking sector and 
deterioration of the commercial soundness and/or the perceived soundness of other financial institutions, which 
could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other financial institutions and 
counterparties  
The Alfa Banking Group routinely executes a high volume of transactions with numerous counterparties in the 
financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge 
funds and other institutional clients, resulting in a significant counterparty credit exposure. This counterparty risk 
is heightened as a result of financial institutional failures and state sponsored rescue of banks. In recent years, the 
CBR has actively monitored the Russian banking sector and revoked licences of numerous small and medium-
sized Russian banks with the aim of removing fraudulent, failing or undercapitalised financial institutions from 
the sector and making it more robust and stable in the event of any potential systemic shocks.  
Furthermore, the CBR has been actively using its Fund for the Consolidation of the Banking Sector to finance the 
rescue of failing banks by introducing financial rehabilitation measures that involve the CBR becoming the 
controlling shareholder in the failing bank. In August 2017, the CBR announced its decision to implement such 
measures aimed at improving the financial stability of PJSC Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation (“Otkritie 
Bank”) a Russian bank that was included in the list of systemically important credit organisations. In 
September 2017, the CBR implemented financial rehabilitation measures in relation to PJSC B&N Bank (“B&N 
Bank”), a Russian bank that was the 12th largest bank in Russia by assets in August 2017, and JSC Rost Bank, a 
Russian bank affiliated with B&N Bank which was already undergoing financial rehabilitation. In December 2017, 
the CBR introduced financial rehabilitation measures in relation to Promsvyazbank PJSC, a Russian bank that was 
the 10th largest bank in Russia by assets as at 1 November 2017 (“Promsvyazbank”). In May 2018, the Russian 
Prime Minister signed a decree on transferring ownership in share capital in Promsvyazbank from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency of the Russian Federation (the “State Deposit Insurance Agency”) to the Russian Government. 
Further, as part of the measures aimed at strengthening the financial health and stability of Bank Otkritie and B&N 
Bank, the CBR merged B&N Bank and Bank Otkritie (under the brand of Bank Otkritie) with effect from 
1 January 2019. More recently, on 22 January 2019, similar measures were introduced by the CBR with respect to 
Moscow Industrial Bank, the 33rd largest bank in Russia by assets as of 1 January 2019, in response to the breach 
of the minimum statutory capital requirements caused by asset impairments.  
Although this mechanism has been, to some degree, tested in practice, there remains a risk that the financial 
rehabilitation of these or other banks may not be successful in the long term and such an outcome could undermine 
the stability of these banks in the future. There also remains some uncertainty as to the long-term effects of these 
measures on the banking sector as a whole. Any further significant disruptions to the business operations of large 
Russian banks or restrictions on their ability to fulfill their financial obligations towards other Russian or foreign 
creditors and banks may have a material adverse effect on the Russian banking sector, local financial market and

--- Page 23 ---
14 
 
investment climate generally. Increased state presence in the banking sector and forced bail-in of private investors 
may lead to reduced competition in the banking sector. Liquidity difficulties could also arise in other large privately 
owned banks in Russia, and there can be no assurance that the CBR will be able to provide financial support to 
such banks, which would further exacerbate difficulties in the banking sector and the local financial market.  
In addition, intensified withdrawal of banking licences as a result of the inability of certain banks to meet the 
mandatory requirements of the CBR, failure to comply with anti-money laundering regulations or other reasons 
could result in lower investor confidence in the Russian banking system generally and may lead to investors, 
creditors or depositors, as the case may be, reducing their exposure to Russian bank debt or deposits, including 
those of Alfa Bank, which could be materially adverse to the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects, as well as the price of the Notes. 
In addition, the Russian banking sector may experience instability and weaker financial results due to the ongoing 
volatility in the global financial and commodity markets, as well as any decline in the Russian economy as a result 
of Covid-19 and the decline in oil prices.  
Although the Alfa Banking Group monitors its counterparties on a constant basis and has so far not been affected 
by any of the recent bank failures, it will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if any counterparty financial 
institutions fail, their licences are revoked or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations. A default by, or even 
concerns about the stability of, one or more financial services institutions could lead to further significant systemic 
liquidity problems, or losses or defaults by other financial institutions which could materially and adversely affect 
the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to raise interbank or other funding, its business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Alfa Banking Group could face increased loan losses and decreased demand for its services from both 
corporate customers and individuals who are affected by any slowdown or weakening of the global, regional or 
Russian economies  
The Alfa Banking Group has been subject to risks regarding the credit quality and recovery of loans to, and 
amounts due from, customers and market counterparties. Factors such as the increased inflation, unemployment 
in the Russian Federation, reduced corporate liquidity and profitability, increased corporate and personal defaults 
and insolvencies and/or increased interest rates that reduced the Alfa Banking Group’s customers’ and market 
counterparties’ ability to repay their loans. In addition, the recent recession of the Russian economy resulted in the 
deterioration of the value of collateral held against loans and other obligations. Any downturns in the Russian 
economy may lead to deterioration of the Alfa Banking Group’s existing loan portfolio. In addition, any decreases 
and volatility in the prices of commodities, as has occurred in relation to the price of oil in the first quarter of 2020, 
may negatively affect the financial condition of the Alfa Banking Group’s customers that operate in or are in any 
way dependent on or linked to such sectors. Certain industries of the Russian economy, such as building, 
construction, metals and mining, have in the recent past experienced instability and lower demand for their 
products both in Russia and abroad, which has in some cases led to the worsening of the credit quality of companies 
engaged in such industries and increased their cost of funding. In some instances, the worsening economic 
conditions can be exacerbated by fraudulent practices, overleveraging or ineffective management policies 
employed at such companies. A deterioration in the financial condition of Russian companies due to a cyclical 
contraction or recession in the Russian or global economies could increase the Alfa Banking Group’s loan losses 
and negatively impact its profitability and capital levels. 
Amid the stablisation of the economic environment, the Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance charges 
decreased as compared to the first half of 2020 (see “—Loan Portfolio and Credit Loss Allowance”). There can be 
no assurance that credit loss allowance charges will not increase in the future. Any of the above may result in, 
among other things, a reduction in the Alfa Banking Group’s operations with companies operating in such sectors, 
decreases in or the closing of any applicable loan limits, decreased corporate deposits from these customers, a 
reduction in the volume of foreign currency and/or foreign trade operations by these customers, decreases in the 
value of the collateral (including immovable property, land, equipment, intangibles and machinery) underlying 
their obligations and the need to increase such collateral, defaults by such customers on their obligations and, 
ultimately, increased loan losses to the Alfa Banking Group.  
The consumer finance market began to recover with the stabilisation of the Russian economy and returned to 
growth in 2017. According to the CBR, the volume of unsecured retail loans grew by 20.9 per cent. in 2019 and 
by 8.6 per cent. in 2020. Since 2020, unsecured consumer lending continued to grow and increased by 10 per cent. 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 and remained relatively flat throughout the first half of 2021, according to 
the CBR. However, this growth in consumer lending and the expansion of Russian banks’ retail loan portfolios 
have occurred against the backdrop of decreasing personal income levels. Based on information published by 
Rosstat, household personal income of the Russian population decreased during 2020 by approximately 3.5 per 
cent. and further decreased by 3.7 during first quarter of 2021. The CBR and other government agencies have 
publicly voiced concerns that there are signs of overleveraging in certain sectors of the consumer finance market

--- Page 24 ---
15 
 
and statistics indicate that lending to households that are already burdened with debt has been increasing at a higher 
pace than the issuance of loans to debt free consumers. Taking into account these concerns, the CBR increased the 
risk weighting coefficients applicable to consumer loans (depending on their effective interest rates) three times 
over the course of 2018, as a result of which some banks were required to increase their capital cushions to take 
into account the additional capital buffers required by the CBR. Furthermore, the CBR also introduced a new a 
payment-to-income (“PTI”) ratio designed to restrict the issuance of loans to consumers with a high debt burden. 
If the consumer market overheats and consumers become overleveraged, the default rates on the Alfa Banking 
Group’s retail loan portfolio could increase and if such increase is significant, it could lead to higher credit loss 
allowances, lower income and profit, as well as a decrease in capital ratios. Also, an increase in regulatory 
constraints, by means of higher capital requirements or otherwise, on consumer lending may hinder the Alfa 
Banking Group’s plans to expand its retail operations and grow its retail customer base, put additional pressure on 
capital and lower the profitability of such operations. 
According to the CBR, the PTI ratio continued to increase throughout 2020 primarily as a result of unsecured 
consumer loans and worsening economic conditions caused by the spread of Covid-19. Retail customers are 
generally a greater credit risk than large companies and increases in unemployment levels, default rates, loan 
losses, falling household income and other factors may negatively affect the performance of the retail segment. 
These factors create further risks for retail lenders in case Russia’s GDP growth returns to zero or GDP begins to 
contract. Despite lending activity recovery and overall improvement of the loans in the retail sector during recent 
years, lending to this sector may represent a relatively higher degree of risk than lending to other groups, which 
may result in higher levels of past-due amounts. In addition, the retail lending sector is generally considered to be 
more susceptible to fraud than the Alfa Banking Group’s corporate and investment banking business and the 
system of credit bureaus in Russia is not fully developed. This, combined with a lack of reliable data on fraud 
levels within Russia, particularly in the regions, represents an inherent risk for the Alfa Banking Group’s retail 
business. The above could result in higher levels of credit loss allowance, and negatively impact capital adequacy 
ratios. In addition, the CBR introduced new regulations tightening the requirements for risk weighting on consumer 
loans in 2018 and 2019 and some of these requirements were relaxed to support consumer lending during the 
economic downturn caused by Covid-19. These regulations have affected and will continue to affect capital 
adequacy levels of Russian banks, including Alfa Bank. 
In addition, in April 2020, the Russian Government introduced a state programme of subsidised mortgage lending 
to support the construction industry and the Russian economy in general amid the Covid-19 outbreak. The 
programme allowed Russian banks to issue mortgage loans to individuals at reduced interest rates. The higher 
number of mortgage loans may lead to the growth of household debt burden against a decline in real disposable 
income of the population which, in turn, may lead to an increase in non-payments on mortgage loans. 
Any of the above factors could lead to further loan losses, increases in credit loss allowance levels and have a 
material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The outbreak of Covid-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects 
A novel strain of the coronavirus, subsequently named Covid-19, was discovered in Wuhan, China in 
December 2019 and was declared by the World Health Organization to be a global pandemic on 11 March 2020. 
The pandemic has adversely affected and continues to affect the economies and financial markets of many 
countries, including Russia, resulting in an economic downturn.  
The Covid-19 outbreak has had, and continues to have, a material impact on businesses and on the economic 
environment in which the Alfa Banking Group operates. Like many countries across the world, Russia (where the 
majority of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and customers are located, or have related businesses) in the spring 
of 2020 implemented significant restrictions on the movement of its population, including several “non-working 
weeks”, bans on public events, closures of places where large groups of people gather, border controls and travel 
and other restrictions to slow the spread of Covid-19. The impact of the Covid-19 outbreak has adversely affected 
revenues in most sectors of the Russian economy. A number of industries providing transportation, tourism and 
other services experienced a drop in income starting from early March 2020. Falling prices for oil and gas and 
metals have had a negative impact on the income of Russian commodity exporters and related industries. Any 
decline in economic activity, turnover, profitability or the general financial position of companies and retail and 
medium, small and micro enterprises (“MSME”) operating in Russia’s industrial sectors may have a knock-on 
effect on the Russian banking sector. According to Rosstat, Russia’s GDP decreased by 3.1 per cent. in 2020. The 
Russian Government and the CBR have implemented a number of fiscal and regulatory measures to address the 
economic and social impact of the Covid-19 outbreak. Among such measures was the implementation of a nine 
month moratorium on bankruptcy of certain entities that expired in January 2021, as well as mandatory grace

--- Page 25 ---
16 
 
periods for certain types of retail loans and loans to MSMEs. In addition, the CBR introduced regulatory 
amendments aimed at supporting the Russian banking system including, among other things, temporary 
adjustments to rules on calculating certain regulatory ratios and risk weighting on certain retail loans (including 
mortgage loans issued prior to 1 April 2020 and unsecured consumer loans issued prior to 31 August 2019) and 
corporate loans to borrowers operating in industries involved in combating the Covid-19 outbreak including 
pharmaceutical and medical equipment producers. No assurance can be given that these measures will have the 
intended effects of mitigating the long-term adverse impact of Covid-19. In the second half of 2020, Russia and 
many other countries across the world have been facing a second wave of the Covid-19 pandemic, as evidenced 
by a significant rise in the number of Covid-19 cases and deaths. Infection rates continued to accelerate throughout 
most of the fourth quarter of 2020 at a pace higher than in the first half of 2020. Since May 2021, Russia and a 
number other countries have been facing a third wave of the Covid-19 pandemic associated with the more virulent 
“Delta variant” first identified in India, evidenced by a significant increase in the number of Covid-19 cases and 
deaths. In Russia, infection rates continued to accelerate from late spring and into summer 2021, peaking in mid-
July 2021, at a pace higher than in the first half of 2020. To control the spread of the pandemic, Russian authorities 
re-introduced many of the restrictions previously in place and introduced new restrictions (including QR-code 
check-ins at certain public places and travel restrictions for non-vaccinated persons). The measures were cancelled 
in some cities amid falling infection rates since mid-July. In addition, in December 2020, the Russian Government 
launched a large-scale coronavirus vaccination for high-risk groups of people (such as medical workers and 
teachers), subsequently expanding this programme by offering free vaccination to the whole population. If the 
spread of Covid-19 persists for a significant period of time or the infection rates stagnate or increase, this could 
lead to renewed nationwide lockdowns, which could have a material negative impact on the global and Russian 
economies. 
The Covid-19 outbreak has so far had a limited impact on the Alfa Banking Group. Nevertheless, Stage 3 retail 
loans expressed as a percentage of the gross retail loan portfolio increased to 5.0 per cent. of the gross retail loan 
portfolio as at 31 December 2020 compared to 4.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 illustrating that a higher 
number of individuals experienced financial difficulties in 2020 and amounted to 3.7 per cent. as of 30 June 2021 
showing signs of stabilisation. In order to address rising credit risks, in the second quarter of 2020 the Alfa Banking 
Group implemented new approach to assessing the level of expected credit losses. These changes resulted in 
approximately U.S.$94 million of additional expected credit losses allowance charged at the date of the 
implementation. The expected credit losses policies and approaches were applied consistently since their 
implementation and through to 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020 exposure of loans and advances to 
individuals restructured in the form of payment holidays or lower installment payments reduced, expected credit 
losses allowance on these loans slightly increased following application of most recent statistical information on 
behaviour of these loans. This increase was offset by better performance of the non-restructured portfolio during 
the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021. However, the Covid-19 outbreak may in the future impact the 
Alfa Banking Group in a number of ways, including higher default rates on its loan portfolios, an increase in credit 
loss allowance (including due to changes in the economic scenarios used to calculate expected credit losses), a 
decline in lending volumes and lower demand for banking products and services, pressure on net margins due to 
lower interest rates, revaluations of securities portfolio due to sharp market and exchange rate movements, changes 
in credit ratings or rating outlooks as well as regulatory restrictions introduced to protect Russian borrowers 
effected by the Covid-19 outbreak (such as the moratorium on bankruptcy of certain entities). 
The Alfa Banking Group has taken and will continue to take measures to mitigate the consequences of Covid-19 
(see “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—The Alfa Banking Group’s measures in relation to challenges 
resulting from Covid-19”) and, whilst the effect of Covid-19 on the Alfa Banking Group has so far been limited, 
rapidly evolving developments in the operating environment mean that the long-term impact of the pandemic 
remains unclear. Should the Covid-19 pandemic continue to adversely affect the global or Russian economies, 
lead to further deterioration of macroeconomic indicators or instability on the Russian banking sector, it may also 
have the effect of heightening or aggravating many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 
The Alfa Banking Group may be unable to accurately assess customers’ credit risks and this could result in the 
Alfa Banking Group not becoming aware of events of default of its borrowers in a timely manner  
The Alfa Banking Group’s total gross loans and advances to customers were U.S.$47,079 million as at 
30 June 2021, compared to U.S.$42,714 million as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$39,840 million as at 
31 December 2019. The Alfa Banking Group’s loan portfolio requires continued and improved monitoring by 
management of credit quality and the adequacy of the Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance levels. See 
“Risk Management”. The Alfa Banking Group is subject to risks regarding the credit quality of, and the recovery 
on loans to and amounts due from, customers and market counterparties.  
The Alfa Banking Group may not be able to assess the default risk on loans provided to corporate customers

--- Page 26 ---
17 
 
accurately due to the unpredictability of economic conditions in Russia and abroad. While the Alfa Banking Group 
requires periodic disclosure of its corporate customers’ financial statements, such financial statements may not 
always present a meaningful indication of each customer’s consolidated financial condition due to the disclosure 
and accounting regulations in relevant countries, including Russia. Further, the Alfa Banking Group’s corporate 
customers often do not have extensive or externally-verified credit histories. Therefore, in spite of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s credit risk evaluation procedures, the Alfa Banking Group may be unable to evaluate the current financial 
condition of each prospective corporate borrower correctly or to determine accurately the ability of such corporate 
borrower to repay.  
In addition, the availability of accurate and comprehensive financial and general credit information on individuals 
and small businesses in Russia is even more limited than in the case of larger corporate customers, which makes 
it more difficult for the Alfa Banking Group to accurately assess the credit risk associated with such lending. As a 
result of deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, the expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s retail lending 
operations and additional credit loss allowance recorded in relation to specific problem loans, the Alfa Banking 
Group increased its credit loss allowances for loan losses and allowances for loan impairment in previous years. 
Although levels of credit loss allowances stabilised in recent years, there was a substantial increase in credit loss 
allowances in 2019 and 2020 mainly due to defaults on several large corporate loans in 2019 and the Covid-19 
outbreak in 2020, and there can be no guarantee that loan losses or credit loss allowance will not increase in the 
future. Any increase in credit loss allowance may adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, prospects and liquidity position.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s strategy could be unsuccessful, or less successful, than the Group anticipates  
The Alfa Banking Group’s strategy is described in this Base Prospectus in “Description of the Alfa Banking 
Group—Strategy”. The future prospects of the Alfa Banking Group are dependent on its ability to implement its 
business strategy successfully, which is in turn dependent on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond its 
control. There is a risk that, despite executing its strategy, the Alfa Banking Group might fail to increase its 
corporate and retail customer base or may not shift to a financial super service, in each case as anticipated, which 
could impact its ability to grow faster than its competitors in its operating segments. In addition, the Alfa Banking 
Group plans to continue investing substantial capital and resources into upgrading, developing and implementing 
advanced information technologies (“IT”) in its digital platform across its entire infrastructure and operations, 
with a particular focus on investing in online customer acquisition channels and the digitalisation of corporate 
banking. There is a risk that budgeted capital expenditures may be inadequate for the Alfa Banking Group to 
achieve its stated strategies and that real capital expenditures will be considerably more significant than originally 
anticipated causing the Alfa Banking Group to allocate material resources into accomplishing the strategy. The 
new strategy also carries a number of other risks, including risks associated with the expansion of the phygital 
branch network, difficulties with implementing new technologies, including operational and regulatory obstacles 
that result in higher costs, as well as risks relating to changes in its scoring models and risk identification and 
management systems. Moreover, technological advancements will increase the Alfa Banking Group’s reliance on 
information technologies and the digitalisation of banking may give rise to new risks that are currently difficult to 
predict, such as new forms of fraud, malware or hacking attacks, restrictions on the use of biometric data, as well 
as the need to invest in additional measures aimed at protecting banking and personal data of customers. Failure 
to achieve any of the above goals or the occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have an adverse impact 
on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Alfa Banking Group.  
The ability of the Alfa Banking Group to grow its customer base in the retail and MSME segments and expand its 
loan portfolio will depend upon continuing to implement new products and services tailored to customer needs, 
successfully competing with state-owned and private banks, as well as capital growth, in order to maintain its 
capital adequacy requirements. The failure of the Alfa Banking Group to respond appropriately to any of the risks 
set forth above could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Non-compliance with OFAC and EU sanctions programmes, an expansion of these programmes or a 
significant expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings with any parties subject to sanctions could 
adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s financial condition  
The U.S. government has imposed economic sanctions against a number of countries as well as “Specially 
Designated Nationals” (“SDNs”). The implementation and enforcement of these sanctions is administered by the 
U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and consists of broad prohibitions 
and restrictions against transactions by U.S. persons with OFAC-designated countries and Specially Designated 
Nationals.  
During the course of 2014, the U.S. and the EU (as well as other states, such as Canada, Switzerland, Australia 
and Japan) imposed sanctions on a number of Russian and Ukrainian persons and entities, including current and

--- Page 27 ---
18 
 
former officials and individuals, companies, banks and businessmen, with the consequence that entities and 
individuals in the U.S. and EU cannot do business with them or provide funds or economic resources to them, with 
assets in the relevant sanctioning jurisdictions subject to a freeze and the individuals to visa bans. In addition, the 
U.S. and EU have applied “sectoral” sanctions. These sanctions have imposed restrictions on the ability of several 
Russian leading state-owned banks to access the capital markets or otherwise obtain funding from persons in the 
U.S. and EU. Similar sanctions have been imposed on major companies in the oil and gas and defence sectors of 
the Russian economy. Moreover, the EU and U.S. prohibited the provision, exportation, or re-exportation, directly 
or indirectly, of goods, services (except for financial services), or technology in support of exploration or 
production for deep-water, Arctic offshore, or shale projects that have the potential to produce oil in the Russian 
Federation and that involve certain companies in the Russian energy sector.  
On 18 December 2014, the U.S. President signed into law a bill passed by the U.S. Congress which may 
extensively widen the scope of U.S. sanctions against Russian entities and persons. Among other things, the 
legislation authorises the U.S. President to impose significant additional sanctions on Russia’s energy and defence 
sectors and restrictions on using the U.S. banking system by non-U.S. financial institutions that knowingly 
facilitate significant financial transactions on behalf of any Russian SDNs. Furthermore, in December 2014, the 
United States established a region-specific embargo prohibiting a wide range of activities in the Crimea region by 
U.S. persons. The sanctions also apply to non-U.S. persons in respect of their dealings with U.S. persons or 
through the U.S. financial system. The EU has maintained sanctions specifically targeting the Crimea region and 
the city of Sevastopol since June 2014. Furthermore, in December 2016 and more recently in December 2018, the 
U.S. introduced sanctions against Russia’s intelligence services, the Main Intelligence Agency (GRU) and the 
Federal Security Service (FSB), as well as other entities and individuals associated with GRU in connection with 
certain allegations of tampering with the political process in the United States by those entities. On 
12 September 2018, the U.S. President has signed an executive order that provides for the imposition of sanctions 
on countries, organizations and persons that the U.S. government determines have interfered in the U.S. elections. 
The current sanctions regime is a result of multiple extensions by the U.S. and EU in the term and scope of 
sanctions, including SDN designations from 6 April 2018 that targeted a number of Russian state officials and a 
number of prominent Russian businessmen and their businesses. It is currently unclear how long these sanctions 
will remain in place and whether new sanctions may be imposed. On 27 January 2019, the sanctions previously 
imposed on EN+ Group plc, United Company RUSAL plc and JSC EuroSibEnergo were lifted following 
negotiations between the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and the above 
companies, which have agreed to provide additional information regarding their operations.  
In February and March 2020, OFAC also targeted two Swiss subsidiaries of Rosneft for operating in the oil sector 
of the Venezuelan economy by brokering crude oil shipments. 
The governments of the U.S. and certain EU member states, as well as certain EU officials have indicated that 
they may consider additional sanctions should fighting in Eastern Ukraine escalate. In March 2019, EU and the 
U.S. sanctioned a number of Russian individuals and entities over a stand-off with Ukraine in the Azov Sea in 
November 2018. In January 2020, EU and the U.S. imposed additional sanctions in respect of a number of Russian 
individuals for organizing the elections held in the Crimea and city of Sevastopol in September 2019. Tensions 
between Russia and the EU and between Russia and the U.S. have further increased recently as a result of the 
conflict in Syria, and there can be no assurance that the governments of the EU and US or other countries will not 
impose further sanctions on Russia related to the Syrian conflict.  
In August 2014, on the basis of a directive issued by the President of the Russian Federation that cited the necessity 
to protect national interests, the Government of Russia introduced a one year ban on the import of certain 
agricultural products from countries that have adopted economic sanctions against Russian legal entities and 
individuals. This ban on exports was extended until 31 December 2021 in December 2020.  
In addition, on 2 August 2017, the U.S. President signed into law the Countering America’s Adversaries Through 
Sanctions Act (the “CAATSA”) that includes additional sanctions against Russian entities. The CAATSA, inter 
alia, a) codifies the existing sanctions against Russia established by former President Obama’s executive orders, 
reduces the permitted terms of financing under the existing sectoral sanctions and restricts supplies of equipment 
and services for new deep-water, Arctic offshore, or shale projects anywhere in the world in which a Russian 
sanctioned entity holds a 33 per cent. or more interest; b) gives the U.S. Treasury Secretary the power to impose 
sanctions against state-owned companies in Russia in the railways, metals, and mining sectors of the Russian 
economy; c) requires the U.S. President, subject to the ability to claim a national interest waiver, to impose certain 
secondary sanctions that were discretionary under the existing U.S. sanctions legislation (including, but not limited 
to, secondary sanctions for investing in or supporting special Russian crude oil projects and the facilitation of 
transactions on behalf of Russian SDNs); d) allows the U.S. President to introduce secondary sanctions on foreign 
persons (including those that invest in the construction or servicing of Russian energy export pipelines); and e) 
requires the U.S. President, subject to the ability to claim a national interest waiver, to impose asset-blocking and

--- Page 28 ---
19 
 
travel sanctions, including certain secondary sanctions, on any person who knowingly engages in significant 
activities that undermine the cybersecurity of any person or government, including a democratic institution, on 
behalf of the Russian Government. In addition, the CAATSA requires the U.S. administration to submit various 
reports to U.S. Congress. In late January 2018, several such reports have been published, including a report under 
Section 241 of the CAATSA that identified certain Russian individuals and parastatal entities, as well as a report 
under Section 242 of the CAATSA on the effects of expanding sanctions to include sovereign debt and derivative 
products. The identification of any individuals or entities in such reports does not automatically lead to the 
imposition of new sanctions and it is not possible to predict whether any such identification could have a material 
adverse effect on the Russian economy or banking system, including the Alfa Banking Group.  
The U.S. State Department imposed new sanctions on Russia under the Chemical and Biological Weapons Control 
and Warfare Elimination Act of 1991 (the “CBW Act”) on 27 August 2018. The initial set of sanctions under the 
CBW Act includes, among other things, termination of sales of any defence articles and services and prohibition 
on the export to Russia of certain national security-sensitive goods and technology. In accordance with the CBW 
Act, if within three months after the initial determination made under the CBW Act, the U.S. President were to 
determine that certain conditions set out in the CBW Act were not met, the U.S. President, after consultation with 
the Congress, was required to introduce further sanctions, including, among other things, the prohibition on 
U.S. banks to provide financing to the Russian state, extensive bans on exports and imports involving Russia and 
the possible suspension of aviation rights into the United States. In November 2018, the U.S. Department of State 
declared its intention to impose such additional sanctions following Russia’s alleged failure to meet the respective 
conditions. On 2 August 2019, OFAC proceeded to issue a directive that prohibited US banks from participating 
in the primary market for non-Rouble denominated bonds issued by the Russian sovereign and also prohibited US 
banks from lending non-Rouble denominated funds to the Russian sovereign. In April 2021, these sanctions were 
expanded to cover rouble-denominated bonds issued by the Russian sovereign and the lending of rouble-
denominated funds to the Russian sovereign. In late September 2021, a legislative proposal was introduced in and 
passed by the U.S. House of Representatives that seeks to ban, it was further expanded by prohibiting U.S. persons 
from participating in the secondary market trading of Russian sovereign debt with maturity of more than 14 days. 
The prospects of this legislative proposal, including its review and approval as part of the 2022 defense policy bill 
by the U.S. Senate, remain uncertain. 
In October 2020, the EU has introduced sanctions on six Russian individuals and one organisation over the alleged 
involvement of these persons in the poisoning of a Russian opposition politician. In addition, in August 2021 
OFAC expanded these sanctions to cover nine Russian citizens and two Russian research institutes. 
On 20 December 2019, the U.S. President signed into law the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2020 (or Protecting Europe’s Energy Security Act (“PEESA”)), which includes sanctions with respect to the 
provision of vessels for certain pipe-laying activities for the construction of the Nord Stream 2, TurkStream and 
their successor pipeline projects. Moreover, on 20 August 2021 the U.S. President signed into executive order 
allowing for sanctions to be imposed in respect of the companies involved into the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. It is 
currently not possible to predict what impact these and any potential new sanctions or retaliating measures by the 
Russian Government may have on the Russian economy or the Alfa Banking Group’s business.  
Several pieces of legislation directed at amplifying U.S. sanctions against the Russian Federation have been 
introduced in the U.S. Congress and are currently under consideration. The current initiatives, if enacted, could 
affect, among other things, Russian sovereign debt, Russian energy projects and, the Russian energy and financial 
sectors. It is currently unclear at which point, if at all, any of these bills could be signed into law and what would 
be the scope of any new sanctions that may be imposed pursuant to such law. Furthermore, no longer being a part 
of the EU following Brexit, the United Kingdom has imposed its own sanctions regime, which mostly follows the 
approach of the EU but deviates in certain areas. 
Certain members of the Alfa Banking Group are under the jurisdiction of the EU and the Alfa Banking Group also 
includes members that are U.S. persons and as such are subject to applicable EU and U.S. laws, including the 
abovementioned sanctions. However, as a legal matter, Alfa Bank itself is a Russian bank that was incorporated 
in Russia and operates in accordance with Russian law and, therefore, is not subject to the sanctions regimes of 
the U.S., U.K. and the EU.  
Alfa Bank does not engage in new business dealings with, and does not provide new financing to, persons that are 
currently designated by OFAC as SDNs and/or subject to EU’s asset freeze sanctions and various internal 
screening and due diligence systems are put in place to ensure compliance with such policies. As Alfa Bank plays 
a significant role in the Russian banking system, its day to day operations on the Russian interbank and financial 
markets sometimes involve transacting with some of the Russian banks that are subject to the limited sectoral 
sanctions described above, with which Alfa Bank has correspondent bank relations. Alfa Bank’s corporate client 
base includes certain corporate entities that are subject to these limited sectoral sanctions. All transactions with 
such banks and corporate entities, the volume and scope of which are insignificant, are reviewed and monitored

--- Page 29 ---
20 
 
on an ongoing basis, including identification and control over any elements of financing and funding sources, to 
ensure that no applicable sanctions regime is breached as a result of such transactions. Alfa Bank’s liquidity 
operations also contemplate that the funding base for limited financings of persons under sectoral sanctions is 
obtained from Russian sources and specific compliance procedures may also be set out in Alfa Bank’s internal 
credit committee approvals for transactions with persons under sectoral sanctions. None of the proceeds of the 
issue of any Notes will be used to fund activities or persons that are subject to sanctions introduced by the U.S. 
and the EU. However, there can be no assurance that compliance issues under OFAC and applicable EU 
regulations, measures or similar laws and regulations will not arise with respect to the Alfa Banking Group or its 
personnel.  
Non-compliance with OFAC and applicable EU regulations by members of the Alfa Banking Group that are 
U.S. or EU persons could result in, among other things, debarment from the ability to contract with the U.S. and 
EU governments or their agencies, liability of the Alfa Banking Group and/or its personnel, the imposition of 
significant fines and negative publicity and reputational damage. In addition, should Alfa Bank’s dealings with 
sanctioned counterparties become material, the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to transact with U.S. or EU persons 
could be affected, even though such dealings would comply with applicable law. As a result, the ability of members 
of the Alfa Banking Group to raise funding from international financial institutions or the international capital 
markets may be inhibited. 
Furthermore, should either OFAC, other U.S. governmental agencies or the Council of the EU expand their 
respective sanctions programmes, including the sectoral sanctions, to include any more of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s existing or future clients, suppliers or other counterparties, further sectors of the Russian economy or 
otherwise, such an expansion could result in financial difficulties for such persons, the Alfa Banking Group’s 
dealings with designated persons could become material or the suspension or potential curtailment of business 
operations between the Alfa Banking Group and the designated persons could occur. Should such events arise the 
Russian Government may continue to provide support to the Russian economy, including the Russian financial 
services sector, and the Russian Government has put in place initiatives with the view of limiting some of the 
effects of OFAC and EU sanctions, such as the establishment of a national payment system. Nonetheless, the 
introduction of large scale sanctions or the expansion of the existing sectoral sanctions on Russian companies or 
sectors of the Russian economy, including the Russian financial services sector, and potentially the adoption of 
further restrictive economic measures by Russia, may negatively affect the Russian economy and investment 
climate and lead to further deterioration of financial markets. Any of the foregoing could result in a material 
adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Although the Alfa Banking Group has no reason to believe that it may be specifically targeted by OFAC or EU 
sanctions, the introduction of any large scale sanctions on the Russian financial services sector, or the expansion 
of the sectoral sanctions that have been introduced by OFAC and the Council of the EU, may negatively affect the 
business of Russian banks, including Alfa Bank, in a number of ways. For example, even though Russian banks 
should be able to continue their operations and provide banking services in Russia, they may be forced to 
discontinue their dealings with U.S. and EU persons, including financial institutions, Visa and MasterCard 
financial corporations and rating agencies. In addition, Russian banks may not be able to use international 
settlement, clearing, payment and information exchange systems. The ability of members of the Russian banking 
sector to transact in U.S. Dollars or Euro with their counterparties may be limited, Russian banks may not be able 
to raise funding in the international markets, particularly those involving investors from the U.S. and the EU, 
which could lead to liquidity constraints and increased funding costs for Russian financial institutions. 
Furthermore, funds and other assets of Russian banks, as well as those belonging to their Russian customers, held 
by U.S. and EU financial institutions may be blocked. As a result, whilst the Alfa Banking Group would consider 
and, to the extent possible, take measures available to it to discharge its obligations under the Loans, or facilitate 
the discharge of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, as the case may be, the imposition of sanctions on the 
Russian financial services sector could negatively affect the ability of Noteholders to receive payments under the 
Notes. See also “— Risk Factors Relating to the Notes and the Trading Market—An expansion of OFAC or EU 
sanctions programmes could adversely impact the trading market for the Notes”.  
The measures undertaken by the Russian Government to provide liquidity and support the Russian banking 
sector during times of instability may not be available in the future or be sufficient, and the recent instability of 
the Russian banking sector may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, liquidity 
and financial condition  
Historically, the Russian banking sector has experienced several downturns and constraints. In 2009, within the 
framework of Russian Government anti-crisis measures, Vnesheconombank (State Corporation Bank for 
Development and Foreign Economic Affairs) provided the Alfa Banking Group with two subordinated loans in 
the total amount of RUB39.6 billion and with maturities in 2019 and 2020.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s use of state funding was due in part to the limited availability of funding from other

--- Page 30 ---
21 
 
sources following the onset of the global economic crisis in Russia in 2008. There can be no guarantee that, if the 
Alfa Banking Group were at any time in the future unable to obtain sufficient liquidity in the market, it would be 
able to obtain further such loans from Vnesheconombank or other Russian Government agents. In addition, as at 
30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group owned securities in the amount of approximately U.S.$4,181 million (at 
market value), which were listed in the CBR’s lombard list, a list of high-quality securities that are accepted by 
the CBR as collateral required to receive “lombard loans” (short-term loans provided by the CBR to credit 
institutions to meet their temporary borrowing requirements secured by the pledge of securities) (the “Lombard 
List”), and held assets, in particular, loans and advances to customers, which had been pre-approved by the CBR 
to be used as collateral for secured borrowing from the CBR. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group’s due 
to other banks included balances outstanding to the CBR of U.S.$138 million compared to U.S.$103 million as at 
31 December 2020 and U.S.$145 million as at 31 December 2019.  
In the wake of deteriorating macroeconomic conditions in Russia and limited access to international sources of 
funding, in 2015 and 2016 the CBR implemented a number of measures to support liquidity in the Russian banking 
sector. In particular, the CBR gradually lowered its key interest rate from 17.0 per cent. in December 2014 to 7.25 
per cent. in March 2018, retained low interest rate lending programmes provided to small and medium enterprises 
and expanded the Lombard List. The key interest rate is set at 8.5 per cent. as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In December 2014, the Russian parliament passed legislation allowing the Russian Government to make state 
contributions of up to RUB1 trillion to the State Deposit Insurance Agency via the issuance of federal state bonds 
for the purposes of providing capitalisation to Russian banks. The State Deposit Insurance Agency, in turn, has 
been authorised to lend these federal state bonds as subordinated debt to Russian banks or use them as a payment 
for subordinated bonds issued by Russian banks. Russian banks that receive subordinated debt under this 
capitalisation programme are required to comply with special requirements, including maintaining lending 
operations to the real sectors of economy, limitations on retail lending and interest rates for loans funded with via 
the programme and salaries for top-management and certain other requirements. Pursuant to this capitalization 
programme, the State Deposit Insurance Agency has lent to Alfa Bank federal state bonds with a total nominal 
value of RUB62,788 million by way of a subordinated loan in December 2015. In April 2017, Alfa Bank returned 
the federal state bonds to the State Deposit Insurance Agency except for five bonds with total nominal value of 
RUB 5,000 (see “Operating and Finance Review of the Alfa Banking Group—Capital Management of the Alfa 
Banking Group”).  
In April 2018, in order to mitigate the negative impact of recent sanctions and to support lending to the Russian 
economy, the CBR introduced certain measures allowing banks not to increase credit loss allowance on loans to 
sanctioned entities, other assets and contingent credit obligations. More recently, the CBR has put in place 
temporary regulatory and supervisory relaxations for banks, to counter the Covid-19 outbreak (see “—The 
outbreak of Covid-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects”). 
No assurance can be given that initiatives to provide additional sources of capitalization to the Russian banking 
sector will be available in the future. Moreover, the specific terms on which such capitalization may be provided 
by the State Deposit Insurance Agency may make it considerably more expensive than market instruments or may 
impose substantial restrictions on operations or other aspects of a bank’s activities, any of which may result in 
banks declining to participate in the State Deposit Insurance Agency’s capitalisation programme. 
Notwithstanding the Russian Government’s anti-crisis measures mentioned above, there is still reduced liquidity 
and capitalisation in the Russian banking sector and no assurance can be given that more severe liquidity problems 
will not occur in the future, or that the Russian Government will continue or be able to implement state support 
measures to support the Russian banking sector, in particular in case of any potential liquidity constraints or 
limitations on access to the international capital markets by Russian financial institutions. Any of which may, 
together or individually, have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.  
The Alfa Banking Group may face liquidity risks, which it may fail to mitigate if it is unable to raise sufficient 
funding  
The Alfa Banking Group meets a significant portion of its funding requirements using customer accounts, which 
as a percentage of total liabilities represented 82.7 per cent. as at 30 June 2021 and 82.2 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020 and 80.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. As at 30 June 2021, retail customer accounts held 
by individuals amounted to 48.3 per cent. of total customer accounts, and commercial and state and public 
organisation customer accounts amounted to 51.7 per cent. of total customer accounts.  
Russian companies have significant capital requirements, which have been accentuated by the lack of 
commercially-justifiable funding available from the financial markets as a result of the global economic crisis, and 
more recently geopolitical tensions and limited access to international sources of funding. The Russian Civil Code

--- Page 31 ---
22 
 
(the “Civil Code”) entitles retail depositors to withdraw deposits, including term deposits, at any time, without 
penalty to principal. As a result, the Alfa Banking Group’s retail depositors may withdraw their deposits from the 
Alfa Banking Group at any time without notice and such unanticipated withdrawals of customer deposits may 
result in liquidity gaps that the Alfa Banking Group may not be able to cover. In addition, individuals may decide 
to reallocate their savings into other investment instruments, such as securities or mutual funds, that provide higher 
returns. Corporate customers may also withdraw excess liquidity in times of economic instability or low interest 
rate environment. 
The remainder of the Alfa Banking Group’s funding is raised in the domestic and international capital, syndicated 
loan and interbank markets. The Alfa Banking Group has been able to access these markets by issuing U.S. dollar-
denominated, Rouble-denominated, Swiss Franc-denominated, Euro-denominated Eurobonds and Euro-
commercial paper (“ECP”), U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated loans and domestic Rouble-denominated bonds. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s ability to raise funding at commercially reasonable costs from the domestic and 
international markets in amounts sufficient to meet its ongoing liquidity needs could be adversely affected by a 
number of factors, including the condition of the Russian and international economies and the condition of the 
financial markets. If the sources of funding, including from the Russian Government, the domestic and 
international capital, syndicated loan and interbank markets, are not available, the Alfa Banking Group may not 
be able to generate sufficient cash to refinance or service its debts. If the Alfa Banking Group is not able to access 
sufficient liquidity, it may not be able to satisfy its obligations with respect to its debt, including the Notes, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s liquidity position, as well as the value of the 
Notes. If geopolitical tensions continue to escalate or the economic situation or financial markets in Russia 
deteriorate further, there is no guarantee that the Alfa Banking Group will be able to access funding sufficient to 
fund its operations, or otherwise be able to continue to run and develop its business as planned, which may 
adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Significant depreciation or appreciation of the Rouble and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may 
have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group  
Certain members of the Alfa Banking Group, including Alfa Bank, use as their functional currency the Russian 
Rouble. However, the Alfa Banking Group’s presentation currency is the U.S. dollar.  
Monetary assets and liabilities originally denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the 
respective Alfa Banking Group member are translated into the functional currency of such entity in connection 
with the preparation of the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements. Gains and losses arising from such 
translations are reflected in the Alfa Banking Group’s profit or loss as foreign exchange translation gains less 
losses. For the purposes of the presentation of the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements, assets and 
liabilities are translated into the presentation currency of the Alfa Banking Group, the U.S. dollar, at the relevant 
balance sheet date. The Alfa Banking Group’s Rouble net balance sheet and derivatives position, calculated as 
excess of Rouble-denominated assets over Rouble-denominated liabilities plus net position in derivatives, was a 
negative position of U.S.$581 million, a negative position of U.S.$748 million and a negative position of 
U.S.$1,242 million as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. Having a positive 
net Rouble balance sheet and derivatives position tends to result in foreign exchange translation losses during the 
period when the U.S. dollar appreciates against the Rouble in nominal terms and in foreign exchange translation 
gains during the period when the U.S. dollar depreciates against the Rouble in nominal terms.  
Throughout 2014, the Rouble depreciated significantly against the U.S. dollar, reaching RUB67.82 per U.S.$1.00 
on 18 December 2014, as a result of falling oil prices, slowdown of the Russian economy, capital outflows and 
deterioration of the geopolitical environment, including as a result of the events in Ukraine and in the introduction 
of sanctions by Western countries on certain Russian individuals and legal entities. In 2019, Rouble moderately 
depreciated against U.S. dollar from lows recorded in 2018. As at 31 December 2020, the Rouble / U.S.$ exchange 
rate amounted to RUB73.9 per U.S.$1.00 and RUB72.37 per U.S.$1.00 as at 30 June 2021, which reflects the 
Rouble stability against the U.S. dollar as a result of the growth of oil prices in the first half of 2021 and the 
economic recovery after the Covid-19 pandemic.  
In addition to possible foreign exchange transaction losses, the depreciation of the Rouble against the U.S. dollar 
could negatively affect the Alfa Banking Group in a number of ways. The Alfa Banking Group maintains 
mismatches between the currency of its liabilities and the currency of its assets. These mismatches expose the Alfa 
Banking Group to exchange rate risk, which risk has increased significantly in light of the Rouble’s recent volatility 
against the U.S. dollar and the Euro. Upon a depreciation of the Rouble against foreign currencies, the Alfa 
Banking Group becomes subject to higher interest payments on its foreign currency denominated liabilities when 
calculated in Rouble terms. The depreciation of the Rouble against the U.S. dollar also makes it more difficult for 
some Russian borrowers to service their U.S. dollar loans, especially for borrowers with predominantly Rouble 
revenue, which may adversely affect their credit quality. An appreciation of U.S. dollar-denominated and other

--- Page 32 ---
23 
 
foreign currency loans in Rouble terms also leads to higher credit risk concentrations in lending portfolios and puts 
additional pressure on Russian banks’ capital and credit loss allowance requirements. The Alfa Banking Group 
plans to continue to access the international capital and syndicated loan markets, which subjects it to risks inherent 
in currency fluctuations and uncertainty of these markets as a reliable funding source. Although the Alfa Banking 
Group sets limits and performs certain other measures aimed at reducing currency risk, including, but not limited 
to, entering into foreign exchange derivative contracts, fluctuations in prevailing foreign currency exchange rates 
may adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
and may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
The Alfa Banking Group faces intense competition in Russia and other markets where it operates  
The Russian market for financial and banking services is intensely competitive. The Alfa Banking Group faces 
competition from both domestic and foreign banks. According to the CBR, as at 1 January 2021, 406 credit 
organisations were operating in Russia. In the Russian corporate banking market (including the MSME segment), 
the Alfa Banking Group principally competes with Sberbank, VTB Bank, Gazprombank, Otkritie Bank, UniCredit 
Bank, Rosbank, Tinkoff Bank, Modulbank and Raiffeisenbank, as well as a number of other national and regional 
banks and certain number of the world’s largest international banks. In the investment banking sector, the Alfa 
Banking Group’s primary competitors are Sberbank CIB, VTB Capital, Gazprombank and foreign investment 
banks. In the Russian retail banking market, the Alfa Banking Group’s principal competitors are Sberbank, VTB, 
Raiffeisenbank, Citibank, Russian Standard Bank, Home Credit and Finance Bank, Russian Agricultural Bank, 
Vostochny Express Bank, Sovcombank, and Tinkoff Bank, as well as a number of other national and regional 
banks and Russian subsidiaries of foreign banks. In addition to facing competition in Russia, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s subsidiaries, branches and representative offices elsewhere compete with national and/or international 
banks and non-banking credit organisations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. See “Description of the Alfa 
Banking Group—Competition in the Russian Banking Market”.  
Some of the banks with which the Alfa Banking Group competes in Russia, including, in particular, Sberbank and 
VTB Bank and, with respect to the Alfa Banking Group’s corporate lending activities, international universal 
banks, are larger and have greater capital resources available to them. In the non-Russian jurisdictions in which 
the Alfa Banking Group operates, the Alfa Banking Group faces competition from larger, more established and 
better capitalised local financial institutions. The competitive landscape in the Russian banking sector may be 
affected by the global and Russian economic environment. While a number of international banks have scaled 
down their operations over the last few years, banks which are directly or indirectly owned by or affiliated with 
the Russian Federation have continued to consolidate their positions in the Russian banking sector due to the 
greater levels of state funding. In addition, the deterioration of economic conditions in Russia and worldwide may 
lead to intensified competition for high quality borrowers, which may in turn restrict the Alfa Banking Group’s 
ability to increase interest rates on loans. At the same time, competitive pressures may lead to increases in interest 
rates payable on deposits, which may in turn have adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s net interest margin.  
If the Alfa Banking Group were unable to continue to compete successfully in the markets in which it operates 
and/or is unable to succeed in achieving its strategies of growth and expansion, this would have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, the Alfa Banking 
Group may be subject to further increased competition from Russian banks and other financial providers of 
financial services (including existing and potential new providers of digitalized online banking services), as over 
recent years there has been a dramatic increase in the demand for digital products and services and competitors 
continue to develop and roll out new products and services. As such, the Alfa Banking Group’s market share and 
results of operations are subject to competitive pressures from existing competitor products and new products that 
have the potential to disrupt the Alfa Banking Group’s operations. 
The Alfa Banking Group may be unable to reduce the industry and borrower concentrations in its loan portfolio  
The Alfa Banking Group’s loan portfolio is exposed to certain economic sectors. As at 30 June 2021, individuals, 
oil industry, food industry and agriculture, real estate and construction, trade and commerce, ferrous metallurgy 
and finance and investment companies accounted for 31 per cent., 12 per cent., 8 per cent., 7 per cent., 7 per cent., 
5 per cent. and 5 per cent., respectively, of the Alfa Banking Group’s gross loans and advances to customers 
compared to 27 per cent., 13 per cent., 8 per cent., 6 per cent., 7 per cent., 5 per cent. and 5 per cent., respectively, 
as at 31 December 2020. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group adjusted its procedures for issuing new loans and 
advances to corporate borrowers introducing requirements for extra information for credit lines drawdowns, 
reduced high-risk credit limits and implemented additional approval and monitoring procedures for loans issued. 
In recent years, the Alfa Banking Group had stopped providing financing to companies involved in some sectors 
of the Russian economy, including in the infrastructure construction sector, and reduced lending to certain other 
sectors which in the management’s view are experiencing a downturn or are associated with higher credit risks. In 
addition, as at 30 June 2021, loans to the Alfa Banking Group’s ten largest non-bank borrowers (or groups of 
related borrowers) amounted to U.S.$8,579 million, representing 18 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total

--- Page 33 ---
24 
 
gross loans to customers, compared to U.S.$7,518 million (18 per cent.) as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$7,318 
million (18 per cent.) as at 31 December 2019. The Alfa Banking Group is sensitive to the downturns in the sectors 
in which it has high industry concentrations or where its largest borrowers operate, as well as adverse changes to 
such borrowers’ business and financial condition. There can be no assurance that the Alfa Banking Group will be 
able to achieve or maintain a greater level of diversification in its loan portfolio. The Alfa Banking Group’s failure 
to do so may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The CBR imposes a limit on all Russian banks’ exposure to a single borrower or group of related borrowers of 25 
per cent. of such bank’s regulatory capital, which must be monitored on a daily basis. See “The Banking Sector 
and Banking Regulation in the Russian Federation—Mandatory Economic Ratios”. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Alfa Bank is in compliance with the CBR’s limit on exposure to a single borrower or a group of related 
borrowers. However, Alfa Bank’s exposure to a single borrower or a group of related borrowers could rise above 
this limit, for reasons including a change in the composition of Alfa Bank’s loan portfolio, foreign currency 
exchange rate changes or changes in the CBR’s limit level or interpretation of how the limit should be calculated. 
The sanctions for failure to comply with this requirement could include fines, the temporary administration of Alfa 
Bank by the CBR or the revocation of Alfa Bank’s banking licence. If Alfa Bank exceeded its exposure to a single 
borrower or a group of related borrowers and the CBR took sanctions, the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.  
A decline in the value or liquidity of the collateral securing the Alfa Banking Group’s loans may adversely 
affect the Alfa Banking Group’s loan portfolio  
A substantial portion of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to corporate customers and individuals is secured by 
collateral such as real property, land leasing rights, production equipment, vehicles, aircraft, ships, securities, 
precious metals, raw materials and inventory. Downturns in the corresponding economic sectors and any 
continuation in the worsening of economic conditions in Russia may result in declines in the value of collateral 
securing the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to levels below the amounts of the outstanding principal and accrued 
interest on those loans. The reduced collateral values may not be sufficient to cover uncollectible amounts on the 
Alfa Banking Group’s secured loans, which may result in the Alfa Banking Group being required to reclassify the 
relevant loans, establish additional credit loss allowance. A failure to recover the expected value of the collateral 
may expose the Alfa Banking Group to loan losses, which may materially and adversely affect the Alfa Banking 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
In addition, the Alfa Banking Group may acquire controlling or minority stakes in defaulting companies, which 
operate in sectors that are not core to the Alfa Banking Group’s business and in respect of which the Alfa Banking 
Group has no operational or management expertise. The Alfa Banking Group may not have an adequate number 
of personnel with sufficient experience to assume control of and manage these companies and if the Alfa Banking 
Group is unable to avoid doing so, this may divert key management time away from its key activities. Further, the 
Alfa Banking Group may fail to manage these businesses efficiently once it has assumed control.  
It may be difficult for the Alfa Banking Group to enforce security and/or guarantees under Russian law  
The Alfa Banking Group enters into security arrangements for loans made to its corporate and retail customers. 
The enforcement of security under Russian law generally requires either an agreement of the parties for an out of 
court enforcement procedure (which is relatively new, has recently been amended and is subject to specific 
requirements, including in certain cases the requirement for foreclosure through a notary public) or, in certain 
cases, a court order followed by a public sale of the collateral. A court may in certain circumstances delay such 
public sale for a period of up to one year upon a pledgor’s application. Therefore, the Alfa Banking Group may 
have difficulty foreclosing on collateral or enforcing other security when customers default on their loans, which 
may adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Further, even where the Alfa Banking Group is successful in foreclosing on collateral, it may be difficult to find 
buyers for such collateral and it may be sold for significantly less than its appraised value. Any failure to recover 
the expected value of collateral may expose the Alfa Banking Group to losses, which may materially adversely 
affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
A substantial portion of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to corporate customers is secured by collateral such as 
real property, land leasing rights, production equipment, vehicles, securities, precious metals, raw materials and 
inventory, as well as beneficiaries’ sureties. Loans to individual retail customers are mostly unsecured, with the 
exception of mortgage loans. See “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—Retail Banking—Mortgage lending”. 
In addition, a substantial portion of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to corporate customers is secured by the 
borrower’s agreement that a certain volume of its cash receivables will flow through accounts over which the Alfa 
Banking Group has direct debit rights. However, if the value of the collateral provided or the financial condition 
of the guarantors or sureties deteriorates or if the borrower diverts funds away from such bank accounts (under

--- Page 34 ---
25 
 
Russian law, a borrower may close its bank account with a Russian bank at any time), the Alfa Banking Group 
may not be able to recover on the collateral, guarantees, sureties or direct debit arrangements, which may lead to 
losses, materially adversely affecting its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. See 
“Risk Management”.  
The preparation of the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make 
judgments, estimates and assumptions and the accuracy of these estimates and assumptions could have a 
material impact on the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements  
The preparation of the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements requires the Alfa Banking Group’s 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the 
reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to expected credit losses on 
loans and advances, fair value of financial instruments, functional currencies, initial recognition of related party 
transactions, income taxes and other matters. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical 
experience and on various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results 
may differ from these estimates and conditions, and such differences may be material. Refer to Note 4 to the ABH 
Financial Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for further details.  
The judgments, estimates and assumptions that the Alfa Banking Group’s management makes are based on 
information available at the time. Should circumstances change, the outcome may be materially different from 
what was envisaged at the time the judgments, estimates and assumptions were made. Should this occur, it could 
have a material adverse effect on the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements, including the reported 
profit and balance sheet.  
The interests of Alfa Bank’s principal shareholders may conflict with those of other stakeholders and the 
relationship of the shareholders with the Russian Government could have an adverse effect on the Alfa Banking 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations  
Messrs. Mikhail Fridman, German Khan, Alexei Kuzmichev and Petr Aven are the Alfa Banking Group’s principal 
shareholders, directly holding 32.86 per cent., 20.97 per cent., 16.32 per cent. and 12.4 per cent., respectively, of 
ABH Holdings S.A.’s (“ABH Holdings”) outstanding share capital as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
principal shareholders have exercised and will continue to be able to exercise influence over the Alfa Banking 
Group’s activities. See “Ownership” and “Description of the Alfa Banking Group”. While its principal 
shareholders have historically supported the Alfa Banking Group, there can be no assurance that they will continue 
to provide financial support to the Alfa Banking Group or that the principal shareholders may not have interests 
that differ from those of the Alfa Banking Group. As a result of their indirect ownership of a substantial percentage 
of the Alfa Banking Group’s outstanding shares and their ability to influence the appointment of ABH Financial’s 
Board of Directors, the Alfa Banking Group’s shareholders may prevent the Alfa Banking Group from making 
certain decisions or taking certain actions that would benefit it. For example, the principal shareholders may from 
time to time have interests in certain industrial sector companies. If any of these companies experience financial 
difficulties, then the principal shareholders could elect to provide additional funding to such companies through 
exercising their influence over the Alfa Banking Group, which could adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Alfa Banking Group could suffer damage to its reputation that would lead clients to take their business 
elsewhere  
To attract and retain clients, the Alfa Banking Group depends to a large extent on its relationships with existing 
clients and its reputation for integrity and high-quality professional services. As a result, if a client is not satisfied 
with the Alfa Banking Group’s service, the damage the Alfa Banking Group suffers may be greater than simply 
the loss of that client’s business. Any negative publicity, including factually inaccurate negative publicity, could 
damage the Alfa Banking Group’s reputation, cause existing clients to take their business elsewhere and lead 
potential customers to take their business to the Alfa Banking Group’s competitors and lead to greater regulatory 
scrutiny. Negative publicity could arise from any number of sources, including litigation, press speculation, 
employee misconduct, operational failures and current and future investigations by regulatory authorities. The 
Alfa Banking Group could also experience negative publicity and reputational damage as a result of the misconduct 
of its distribution partners or intermediaries they work with, its joint venture partners or acquired businesses. 
Unlike state owned banks that may be perceived by the public as being first in line to benefit from state support in 
times of distress, private banks, like Alfa Bank, may need to rely more heavily on their business reputation and 
the perception of their financial wellbeing. For example, any deterioration in Alfa Bank’s reputation or the 
perception of its financial wellbeing may result in deposit outflows or higher interest rates on interbank loans, 
which may result in higher funding costs. For the reasons discussed above, any damage to the reputation of the

--- Page 35 ---
26 
 
Alfa Banking Group could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s banking business entails operational and technological risks  
The Alfa Banking Group is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees or 
outsiders, mismanagement, unauthorised transactions by employees and operational errors, including clerical or 
record keeping errors or errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. Given the Alfa 
Banking Group’s high volume of transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered 
or rectified. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group’s information technology systems do not fully support its 
operations and a number of transactions at the Alfa Banking Group are processed manually, which may further 
increase the risk that human error or employee tampering or manipulation will result in losses that are difficult to 
detect. Additionally, the exposure to operational and related risks may become more prevalent as the Alfa Banking 
Group expands its operations in the MSME segment because such operations entail higher volume of transactions 
and less transparent borrowers that may have lower governance standards compared with large corporate clients. 
As part of its strategy, the Alfa Banking Group will continue investing substantial capital and resources into its 
digital platform across its entire infrastructure and operations, with a particular focus on investing in online 
customer acquisition channels and the digitalisation of corporate banking. The execution of this strategy and the 
Alfa Banking Group’s operations more generally are exposed to technological risks. To achieve this goal, the Alfa 
Banking Group is implementing various information technology infrastructure development programmes across 
its branch network and other business operations (see “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—IT 
Infrastructure”). The implementation of these new information technology systems has involved significant 
changes across a wide range of the Alfa Banking Group’s operating activities and required the retraining of a 
significant number of the Alfa Banking Group’s employees. Furthermore, the Alfa Banking Group’s banking 
business requires the development of sufficient communication channels and software, the creation of large 
automated systems and considerable computer capacity located throughout the Russian Federation. 
Therefore, the Alfa Banking Group’s financial performance, its ability to meet its strategic objectives and its ability 
to manage risks arising out of the market environment and to manage the future growth of its branch and office 
network depend and will continue to depend to a significant extent upon the functionality of its IT systems and its 
ability to increase systems capacity and functionality. The Alfa Banking Group invests considerable time and 
money in order to upgrade its technologies in a timely manner, centralise its information systems, create 
appropriate reserves and duplicate capacities, develop internal audit functions and control the operation of its 
hardware and software. A disruption (even short-term) to the functionality of the Alfa Banking Group’s IT systems, 
or delays in increasing the capacity of the IT systems, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects of the Alfa Banking Group. In addition, insufficient integration of 
the IT system increases the Alfa Banking Group’s operational risks and the costs of further business development. 
The inability of the Alfa Banking Group’s IT systems to adequately support its operations may have a material 
adverse effect on its ability to monitor and manage its operations.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s ability to operate its business depends on its ability to protect the computer systems 
and databases which the Alfa Banking Group operates and uses from the intrusion of third parties who may attempt 
to gain access to the Alfa Banking Group’s computer systems, networks or databases through the Internet or 
otherwise. Although the Alfa Banking Group believes that its computer systems, networks and databases are well 
protected from unauthorised intrusion by a range of both physical and programming measures, given the potential 
technical and financial resources of intruders, full assurance cannot be given that its computer systems, networks 
and databases will not suffer from such attacks in the future.  
There can be no assurance that the Alfa Banking Group will be able at all times to successfully monitor, prevent 
and manage its operational and technological risks in the future. Any failure to do so could materially adversely 
affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Employee misconduct is difficult to deter and detect and could harm the Alfa Banking Group’s reputation and 
business  
The Alfa Banking Group faces the risk of loss due to issues that may arise out of its employees’ lack of knowledge 
and willful, negligent or involuntary violations of laws, rules and regulations or other misconduct. Misconduct by 
employees is a recurring risk in the financial services industry and could involve, among other things, the improper 
use or disclosure of confidential information, violation of laws and regulations concerning financial abuse and 
money laundering, or embezzlement and fraud, any of which could result in regulatory sanctions or fines as well 
as serious reputational or financial harm. Misconduct by employees, including the violation of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s own internal risk management policies, could also include binding the Alfa Banking Group to transactions 
that exceed authorised limits or present unacceptable risks, or hiding unauthorised or unsuccessful activities,

--- Page 36 ---
27 
 
which, in either case, may result in unknown and unmanaged risks and losses. It is not always possible to guard 
against employee misconduct and ensure full compliance with the Alfa Banking Group’s risk management 
policies, and the precautions the Alfa Banking Group takes to detect such activity may not always be effective. 
The direct and indirect costs of employee misconduct can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect 
on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Alfa Banking Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel  
The Alfa Banking Group’s growth depends in part on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified 
and experienced banking and management personnel in Russia. The Alfa Banking Group credits a significant part 
of its success to recruiting high-calibre international and Russian management and employees with international 
qualifications and relevant international experience. However, its ability to continue to attract and retain such 
people in large part is dependent upon the continued growth of the Russian economy, the Russian banking system 
and the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to remunerate and develop its employees. Further volatility in the Russian 
economy or the banking system may adversely impact its ability to continue to recruit and retain high-calibre staff 
at all levels.  
In addition, the emergence of other Russian banks and foreign banks and financial institutions in Russia and the 
other regions in which the Alfa Banking Group operates not only represents an increase in competition for business 
but an increase in competition in the specialised financial services employment markets. The Alfa Banking Group 
faces the risk of competitors recruiting its employees. 
Competition in the Russian banking industry for personnel with relevant expertise is intense, due to the relatively 
small number of available qualified individuals and there is a high level of turnover among junior bank employees, 
in particular, in its retail banking business. In addition, competition from state banks for personnel continues to 
pose risks for private banks, including Alfa Bank. To recruit qualified and experienced employees and to minimise 
the possibility of their departure to other banks, the Alfa Banking Group provides compensation packages and 
long-term motivation programmes consistent with evolving standards in the Russian labour market. However, any 
failure on the part of the Alfa Banking Group to retain its management and other key staff, or to recruit and retain 
qualified and experienced personnel in Russia or manage the Alfa Banking Group’s human resources successfully 
could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. See “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—Employees”.  
Any acceleration in the repayment of Alfa Banking Group’s indebtedness or deterioration in the Alfa Banking 
Group’s business or financial results may result in the Alfa Banking Group being unable to support the interests 
of the Noteholders  
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had numerous outstanding publicly traded debt obligations raised 
outside of the Russian Federation, including senior loan participation notes issues, subordinated loan participation 
notes issues (including perpetual loan participation notes) and ECP issues (collectively, the “Alfa Banking Group 
Indebtedness”). See “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group—Financial Position—Debt 
Securities Issued, Other Debt and Subordinated Debt”. The Alfa Banking Group Indebtedness provides recourse 
to either both Alfa Bank and ABH Financial or, as the case may be, Alfa Bank or ABH Financial only.  
If Alfa Bank ceases to be controlled (directly or indirectly) by ABH Financial and certain other conditions are met, 
then portions of the Alfa Banking Group Indebtedness may become due and payable, which, in turn, may have a 
negative impact on the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to support the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes.  
It is possible that if the business or financial results of one or more entities within the Alfa Banking Group were 
to deteriorate, the overall financial stability of the Alfa Banking Group would weaken and the rating of Alfa Bank 
and/or the Notes may be downgraded, which, in turn, may adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to 
support the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, any financial difficulties of ABH Financial, as a result of the acceleration of any Loan or otherwise, 
may lead to substantial repercussions for Alfa Bank and the principal shareholders of the Alfa Banking Group, 
including, without limitation, increased scrutiny from the CBR and/or regulatory measures for failure to comply 
with CBR requirements relating to the financial standing of shareholders/controlling persons, difficulties in raising 
new financing or outflow of deposits, negative publicity and other consequences. Russian banking regulations 
require shareholders/controlling persons of Russian banks to be financially viable and this imposes certain 
obligations on them. Furthermore, the introduction of any involuntary reorganization, bankruptcy proceedings or 
other arrangements with respect to ABH Financial can have a negative impact on the ability of the principal 
shareholders of the Alfa Banking Group to control or provide financial support to Alfa Bank. Any of these factors 
can lead to a disruption in the operations of Alfa Bank and, in turn, lead to or exacerbate the financial difficulties 
of ABH Financial and adversely impact the value of the Notes

--- Page 37 ---
28 
 
The Alfa Banking Group may fail to effectively identify or execute strategic acquisitions or investments, and if 
the Alfa Banking Group were to pursue such transactions it may fail to successfully integrate them into or 
realise anticipated benefits to its business in a timely manner  
The Alfa Banking Group may selectively pursue opportunities to acquire or make investments in businesses, 
products, technologies or innovations, which complement its business and strategy. The Alfa Banking Group may 
not be able to identify suitable acquisitions or investments, or it may not be able to complete any transaction on 
acceptable terms, or at all. Any acquisitions or investments the Alfa Banking Group may pursue in the future could 
entail risks, including:  
 
difficulties in realising cost, income or other anticipated benefits or synergies from the acquired entity or 
investment, including the loss of key employees or intellectual property from the acquired entity or 
investment, any of which may impact the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to grow its business;  
 
costs of executing the acquisition or investment, including financial costs, business disruption and increased 
management attention, any of which may impact the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to successfully execute 
the acquisition or investment or may increase costs that could lead to lower profits;  
 
potential for undermining the Alfa Banking Group’s strategy, customer relationships or other elements 
critical to the success of the Alfa Banking Group’s business, any of which may be detrimental to the Alfa 
Banking Group’s existing operations and client relationships;  
 
inadequate due diligence or errors in valuation or assessment of the acquisition or investment, any of which 
could result in unexpected costs, loan provisions or lower returns on the investment;  
 
liabilities or losses resulting from the Alfa Banking Group’s control of the acquired entity or investment, 
including inherited legal claims, any of which may reduce future profits; and  
 
difficulty integrating the acquired business, including difficulty in adapting acquired technology to the Alfa 
Banking Group’s own systems, any of which may disrupt the Alfa Banking Group IT systems and lead to 
increased implementation costs.  
If the Alfa Banking Group pursues acquisitions or investments in the future and experiences any of the above or 
other difficulties, its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely 
affected.  
The Alfa Banking Group may be unable to meet its regulatory requirements relating to capital adequacy  
Alfa Bank is required by the CBR to have a minimum RAR-based total capital adequacy ratio (the “N1.0 Ratio”), 
of 8.0 per cent., a common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (N1.1) (the “N1.1 Ratio”) of 4.5 per cent. and a tier 
1 capital adequacy ratio (N1.2) (the “N1.2 Ratio”) of 6.0 per cent. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. and a capital buffer for systemically important credit organisations of 1 per 
cent. is applicable to Alfa Bank’s minimum capital adequacy requirements. These ratios must be reported to the 
CBR by Alfa Bank each month. Alfa Bank’s N1.0 Ratio was 13.99 per cent. as at 1 July 2021 and 13.26 per cent. 
as at 1 January 2021, which in each case exceeded the minimum required by the CBR. Alfa Bank’s N1.1 Ratio 
and N1.2 Ratio as of 1 July 2021 was 10.62 per cent. and 11.98 per cent., respectively, and 10.27 per cent. and 
11.81 per cent. as of 1 January 2021, respectively, which in each case exceeded the minimum required by the CBR. 
See “—The CBR regulations phasing in Basel III in Russia could have an adverse effect on Alfa Bank, its capital 
ratios and its regulatory capital” and “The Banking Sector and Banking Regulation in the Russian Federation—
Regulation—Mandatory Economic Ratios” for further details on the capital and other mandatory economic ratios 
set by the CBR. 
In addition, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision recommends a minimum risk-based capital adequacy 
ratio of 8.0 per cent., calculated in accordance with the International Regulatory Framework for Banks 
(“Basel III”). The Alfa Banking Group’s total capital adequacy ratio, calculated in accordance with Basel III, was 
18.7 per cent. as at 30 June 2021, compared to 17.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 18.3 per cent. as at 
31 December 2019. The Alfa Banking Group’s Tier I capital adequacy ratio was 17.0 per cent. as at 30 June 2021, 
compared to 16.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 16.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. Both ratios, the 
total capital adequacy ratio and Tier I capital adequacy exceeded the minimum risk based capital adequacy ratio 
recommended by Basel III.  
However, if Alfa Bank’s capital position were to decline below the minimum statutorily required levels of capital 
adequacy, its banking licences could be suspended or revoked and it could encounter difficulties in continuing to 
operate its business and obtaining funding, which could materially adversely affect its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. The Alfa Banking Group’s capital adequacy level may decrease 
organically with the growth of business or the payment of dividends. 
In recent years, the CBR, in cooperation with Russian banks, has gradually implemented international standards

--- Page 38 ---
29 
 
for capital adequacy of credit organisations under “Basel II: International Convergence of Capital Measurement 
and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework”, as issued by the Basel Committee (“Basel II”) as well as Basel III. 
See “The Banking Sector and Banking Regulation in the Russian Federation—Regulation—Mandatory Economic 
Ratios”. 
In addition, in December 2017, the Basel Committee published the final Basel III standards (also known as Basel 
3.5 or Basel IV) that are intended to enhance risk sensitivity and to implement changes to the design and calibration 
of the leverage ratio and capital floors. The majority of these reforms are scheduled to be implemented by 
January 2022. There can be no guarantee that further implementation of Basel IV will not have a material adverse 
effect on Alfa Bank’s financial results and capital adequacy ratios.  
Requirements imposed by regulators, including capital adequacy requirements, are designed to ensure the integrity 
of the financial markets and to protect customers and other third parties with whom the Alfa Banking Group deals. 
These requirements are not designed to protect holders of the Notes and may limit the Alfa Banking Group’s 
activities, including its lending, and may increase the Alfa Banking Group’s costs of doing business, or require the 
Alfa Banking Group to seek additional capital in order to maintain CBR capital adequacy requirements or different 
varieties of funding to satisfy the CBR’s liquidity requirements. In addition, in November 2019, the CBR 
introduced new regulations tightening the requirements for risk weighting on consumer loans.  
Further similar changes in regulation with respect to risk-weightings and credit loss allowance could have a 
material adverse effect on Alfa Bank’s financial results and capital ratios.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s ability to obtain additional capital may be restricted by a number of factors, including:  
 
the Alfa Banking Group’s future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows;  
 
any necessary regulatory approvals;  
 
the ability of the Alfa Banking Group’s shareholders to provide additional capital; and  
 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial institutions.  
If the Alfa Banking Group requires additional capital in the future in order to meet Alfa Bank’s CBR capital 
adequacy requirements, it cannot guarantee that it will be able to obtain this capital on favourable terms, in a timely 
manner or at all. The Alfa Banking Group’s shareholders are under no obligation to inject additional capital into 
Alfa Bank.  
In addition, through March-April 2020 the CBR introduced certain regulatory relaxations of capital requirements 
as a part of support measures in connection with the Covid-19 outbreak (see “—The outbreak of Covid-19 may 
have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects”), some of these measures have been already uplifted and there can be no assurance that the others 
would stay in force. Any breach of regulatory requirements in the Russian Federation could expose Alfa Bank and 
the Alfa Banking Group to potential liability and other sanctions, including the loss of Alfa Bank’s general banking 
licence. 
The CBR regulations phasing in Basel III in Russia could have an adverse effect on Alfa Bank, its capital ratios 
and its regulatory capital 
On 1 March 2013, Regulation No. 395-P “On the Methodology of Calculation of Value and Adequacy of Capital 
of Credit Organisations (Basel III)” of the CBR implementing Basel III principles with respect to the composition 
and assessment of sufficiency of bank regulatory capital entered into force in Russia and was subsequently replaced 
with Regulation No. 646-P “On the Methodology of Calculation of Value and Adequacy of Capital of Credit 
Organisations (Basel III)” of the CBR implementing Basel III principles with respect to the composition and 
assessment of sufficiency of bank regulatory capital (“Regulation No. 646-P”). See “The Banking Sector and 
Banking Regulation in the Russian Federation—Regulation—Regulation of Capital”. The Alfa Banking Group’s 
management believes that the impact of these regulations on Alfa Bank’s capital adequacy ratios has so far been 
insignificant, but there can be no assurance that further implementation of Basel III and IV will not have a material 
adverse effect on Alfa Bank’s financial results and capital ratios, which means that Alfa Bank might be forced to 
either raise additional capital or reduce the amount of its lending.  
Alfa Bank is included in the list of systemically important banks. Systemically important credit organisations have 
to comply with additional regulatory requirements, including a liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and additional 
requirements for capital adequacy in accordance with Basel III. The LCR is applied by the CBR as a prudential 
ratio for systemically important credit organisations starting from 1 January 2016 and is set at 100 per cent. In 
January 2020, the CBR published a report on systemically important credit organisations which contemplates 
potential changes in banking regulation applicable to systemically important credit organisations including

--- Page 39 ---
30 
 
implementation of a new mandatory credit exposure ratio and differential capital buffers. These changes, if 
enacted, may result in further constraints for systemically important banks and require additional capital resources 
to comply with them. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital conservation buffer is set at 2.5 per 
cent. The CBR set a countercyclical buffer for banks at 25 per cent. at the level of 100 per cent. in 2019. The level 
of the applicable countercyclical buffer for Russian banks is determined by the CBR and as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is set at zero per cent. of risk-weighted assets. Systemically important credit organisations are subject 
to an additional capital buffer, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set at 1 per cent. The CBR may also 
amend the capital adequacy requirements and increase the capital adequacy ratios applicable to Russian banks at 
any time and, in such circumstances, Alfa Bank may be forced to seek additional capital or alternative sources of 
financing to comply with these requirements. Such additional capital or alternative sources of financing may not 
be available or may only be available on commercially unacceptable terms. Any of the above factors may, 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Alfa Bank’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Changes in regulatory consumer lending requirements, consumer protection or other applicable banking 
legislation or their interpretation by courts and regulators may hinder the Alfa Banking Group’s consumer 
lending operations, impose greater compliance requirements and adversely affect its growth, financial 
conditions and profitability 
Until December 2013, in the absence of specific consumer lending laws, the general Law of the Russian Federation 
No. 2300-1 of 7 February 1992, “On Protection of Consumers Rights”, as amended (the “Consumer Protection 
Law”) had provided general protection for consumers of banking services, including consumers of retail finance 
loans. In addition to the Consumer Protection Law, Federal Law No. 353-FZ dated 21 December 2013 “On 
consumer loan” (the “Consumer Lending Law”) came into force on 1 July 2014. The Consumer Lending Law is 
intended to provide more specific regulation of consumer protection in the Russian banking sector, in contrast to 
the Consumer Protection Law, which contains rules that apply to consumer protection in general. The Alfa Banking 
Group’s retail lending documentation, practices and procedures underwent an internal review process and certain 
changes were introduced to such documentation, practices and procedures in connection with the requirements of 
the Consumer Lending Law, including amendments to standardized loan documents, pricing and tariffs, servicing 
of loans, cooperation with partners and other segments of retail lending operations.  
Among other things, the Consumer Lending Law sets out standard terms of agreements in relation to consumer 
loans provided after 1 July 2014 and imposes additional obligations on lenders (such as certain notification and 
disclosure requirements). The Consumer Lending Law also provides for a limitation of penalties and effective 
interest rates on consumer loans (see “Overview of the Banking Sector and Banking Regulation in the Russian 
Federation—Financial Consumer Protection”) which may result in a decrease in interest income of Alfa Bank’s 
retail operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
There can be no assurance that further amendments to the Consumer Lending Law will not be adopted and, if 
adopted, these amendments will not contain any provisions that would negatively affect Russian banks, including 
Alfa Bank, or impose additional requirements or restrictions that Alfa Bank would have to respond to by adapting 
its business practices, products offered to customers and standard consumer lending documentation in order to 
comply with the applicable legislation. Such measures could have an adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The CBR takes an active approach to the regulation and monitoring of the Russian consumer lending market and 
the regulator places particular focus on actively managing any signs of overleveraging or deterioration of credit 
quality in the sector. The CBR increased the risk-weighting coefficients applicable to consumer three times over 
the course of 2018, as a result of which some banks were required to increase their capital cushions to take into 
account the additional capital buffers required by the CBR. In September 2020, the CBR reduced the risk-
weighting ratios and introduced regulatory amendments aimed at supporting the Russian banking system 
including, among other things, temporary adjustments to rules on calculating certain regulatory ratios and risk 
weighting on certain retail loans. Risk-weighting ratios have since increased, with the CBR publishing in 
April 2021 revised risk weighting coefficients for new loans granted by Russian banks on or after 1 July 2021 and 
then again increasing them in July 2021 for new loans granted by Russian banks on or after 1 October 2021. The 
higher risk weighting coefficients are designed to prevent the Russian credit market from overheating since 
increases in risk weighting coefficients negatively impact capital adequacy, which effects profitability and puts 
pressure on capital. See “The Banking Sector and Banking Regulation in Russia—Banking Regulation—
Mandatory Economic Ratios”.  
In addition, recently new amendments to the Federal Law dated 22 April 1996 N 39-FZ “On Securities Market” 
(the “Securities Market Law”) were introduced. These amendments contemplate that brokers will be required to 
carry out test-based admission procedures with respect to investors that are not qualified investors before such

--- Page 40 ---
31 
 
clients may invest in certain foreign securities, structured instruments or enter into repo and derivatives 
transactions. The testing of such clients is scheduled to begin in October 2021. In addition, the State Duma recently 
adopted a draft law, which requires brokers to be transparent with their clients and make necessary disclosures of 
risks related to offered financial instruments. The draft law also enables the CBR to introduce significant 
restrictions on brokerage operations, if the relevant broker has not made the necessary disclosures to the client or 
has sold certain financial instruments in violation of securities laws. Although the Alfa Banking Group believes 
that its operations are conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and is taking steps to be in 
full compliance with the new testing regime and other requirements, the recent amendment to the Securities Market 
Law will entail additional administrative control and expenses, may result in a lower volume of transactions or a 
reduction in the customer base and revenue from operations. Furthermore, any breach of the comprehensive 
regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.  
Moreover, the CBR has introduced an additional metric for purposes of determining risk weighting coefficients 
on consumer loans which focuses on the overall debt burden of borrowers. This burden is determined using the 
PTI ratio which is calculated as the ratio of the borrower’s monthly debt payments under consumer loans to the 
borrower’s average monthly income. Any of the above factors may, individually or in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
In addition, new amendments to the Federal Law No. 86-FZ “On the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank 
of Russia)” dated 10 July 2002 were introduced. Pursuant to the amendments, subject to the risks relating to 
increase in debt burden of retail customers, the CBR may at its own discretion implement restrictions (prohibition 
or limits) in respect of provision of retail loans by any of the banks operating in Russia. Introduction of such 
restrictions in respect of Alfa Bank will have a significant impact on results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects of the Alfa Banking Group. However, the Alfa Banking Group believes that due to high quality of its 
retail loan portfolio there are no grounds for implementation of such restrictions in respect of Alfa Bank. 
Any failure of the Alfa Banking Group to comply with legislation and regulatory requirements may have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations  
The Alfa Banking Group’s operations are subject to regulation by various government and banking authorities in 
various jurisdictions in connection with obtaining and renewing various licences and permits, as well as with 
ongoing compliance with existing laws and regulations and with the terms and conditions of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s licences and permits. Changes in the nature of such regulation in Russia or other jurisdictions where the 
Alfa Banking Group operates could limit the ability of the Alfa Banking Group to execute its growth strategy 
and/or could adversely affect its existing business and results of operations.  
Regulatory authorities in Russia and other CIS countries exercise considerable discretion in matters of enforcement 
and interpretation of applicable laws, regulations and standards, the issuance and renewal of licences, permits, 
approvals and authorisations. Regulatory authorities have the right to, and frequently do, conduct periodic 
inspections of the Alfa Banking Group’s operations and properties throughout the year. Any such future 
inspections may determine that the Alfa Banking Group violated laws, decrees or regulations, and the Alfa Banking 
Group may be unable to refute such determination or remedy the violations.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s failure to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, the terms and conditions 
of its licences and permits, or the findings of governmental inspections may result in the imposition of fines or 
penalties or more severe sanctions including the suspension, amendment or termination of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s licences, permits, approvals and authorisations, or in requirements that the Alfa Banking Group cease 
certain of its business activities, or in criminal and administrative penalties applicable to its officers. Any such 
decisions, requirements or sanctions, or any increase in governmental regulation of the Alfa Banking Group’s 
operations, could increase its costs and materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Moreover, if the CBR were to suspend or revoke Alfa Bank’s general banking licence, then this would 
render Alfa Bank unable to perform any banking operations (including processing payments of its customers) 
and/or would lead to winding-up of its business (whether by way of bankruptcy proceedings or liquidation). 
Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities 
and the regulatory structure governing the Alfa Banking Group’s operations is continuously evolving. Existing 
laws and regulations could be amended, the manner in which laws and regulations are enforced or interpreted 
could change and new laws or regulations could be adopted. Additionally, as a result of the global economic crisis, 
certain regulations have been relaxed in order to moderate the effects of the global economic crisis on Russian 
banks. There can be no assurance that there will not be a strengthening of regulation as a preventative measure 
against the reoccurrence of a similar crisis in the future. If the enforcement or interpretation of existing regulations 
were to change or if future regulations were imposed, this could have an adverse effect on the Alfa Banking

--- Page 41 ---
32 
 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
RISKS RELATED TO RUSSIA AND THE CIS 
Emerging markets such as Russia are subject to greater risks than more mature markets, including significant 
political, economic and legal risks  
Generally, investments in emerging markets are only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the 
significance of the risks involved, and investors are urged to consult with their own legal and financial advisers 
before making an investment in the Notes.  
Investors in emerging markets such as the Russian Federation should be aware that these markets are subject to 
greater risk than more mature markets, including in some cases significant political, economic and legal risks. 
Emerging market governments and judiciaries often exercise broad, unchecked discretion and are susceptible to 
abuse and corruption. Investors should also note that emerging economies such as the economy of the Russian 
Federation are subject to rapid change and that the information set out herein may become outdated relatively 
quickly. Moreover, financial turmoil in any emerging market country tends to adversely affect prices in equity and 
debt markets of all emerging market countries as investors move their money to more stable, developed markets. 
As has happened recently and in the past, financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with 
investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in Russia and adversely affect the Russian 
economy. Should the Alfa Banking Group become unable to obtain alternative financing on reasonable terms, or 
at all, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. Accordingly, investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide 
for themselves whether, in light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. 
Political Risks  
A worsening of the political climate in the Russian Federation may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects  
Since 1991, Russia has sought to transform itself from a one-party state with a centrally-planned economy to a 
market-oriented economy. Political conditions in the Russian Federation were highly volatile in the 1990s, as 
evidenced by the frequent conflicts among executive, legislative and judicial authorities, which negatively affected 
the Russian Federation’s business and investment climate.  
Although the political situation in the Russian Federation has stabilised since 2000, future political instability could 
result in deterioration of economic conditions, including capital flight and a slowdown of investment and business 
activity. Following Russian parliamentary elections in December 2011, controversy concerning alleged voting 
fraud in favour of the ruling party, United Russia, led to organised protests in several Russian cities, including 
several sizeable protests in Moscow. Allegations of voting irregularities also appeared following the election of 
Vladimir Putin to the Russian presidency in March 2012, with a number of protests taking place throughout the 
country both before and after his May inauguration. However, the discontent generally declined in 2013 and 2014 
resulting, among other things, in weakening of internal tensions and a shift in Vladimir Putin’s credibility rating. 
In March 2018, Vladimir Putin was re-elected as President of the Russian Federation for a six year term.  
In January 2020, the current Russian President Vladimir Putin proposed a number of constitutional reforms aimed 
at altering the balance of power between the legislative, executive and judicial branches and introducing certain 
other changes to the Constitution of the Russian Federation. The amendments were approved in a nation-wide vote 
held from 25 June 2020 to 1 July 2020 and are effective from 4 July 2020. These amendments may have an impact 
on the Russian political landscape and regulatory environment and lead to other changes that are currently difficult 
to predict. Any significant changes in the political climate could lead to deterioration in Russia’s investment 
climate that might constrain the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to obtain financing in the international capital 
markets. 
The actions of the Russian legislative, executive and judicial authorities can affect the Russian securities market 
and consequently the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects  
The actions of the Russian legislative, executive and judicial authorities can affect the Russian securities market 
as well as banks and other businesses operating in Russia. In particular, the events surrounding claims brought by 
the Russian authorities against several major Russian companies, led to questions being raised regarding the 
progress of market and political reforms in Russia and have resulted in significant fluctuations in the market price 
of Russian securities and a negative impact on foreign direct and portfolio investment in the Russian economy, 
over and above the general market turmoil recently. Any similar actions by the Russian authorities that result in a 
further negative effect on investor confidence in Russia’s business and legal environment could have a further 
material adverse effect on the Russian securities market and price of Russian securities, or securities issued or

--- Page 42 ---
33 
 
backed by Russian entities, including the Notes, as well as on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, its ability to 
obtain financing in the international markets, and its financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Domestic, regional and international political conflicts could create an uncertain operating environment that 
could adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s business and hinder its long-term planning ability  
The Russian Federation consists of 85 regions (“federal subjects”) of the federation, some of which exercise 
considerable autonomy in their internal affairs. In certain areas, the division of authority between federal and 
regional governmental authorities remains uncertain. The lack of consensus between local and regional authorities 
and the federal governmental authorities may result in political instability and may have a material adverse effect 
on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, prospects or ability to fulfil its financial obligations. 
The Russian federal and regional electoral legislation is subject to ongoing revision and amendment. The 
amendments made to such legislation in 2004, whereby heads of regions are nominated by the President of the 
Russian Federation and appointed by regional legislatures (instead of direct election by the population) were 
designed to minimise conflict between federal and regional authorities and secure stability across the Russian 
Federation. In April 2013, a new law came into force which allows the federal subjects to choose their own process 
of electing the regional governors. According to this law, each region can choose whether to proceed with direct 
elections of regional governors or to submit to the President a list of candidates for the position of governor from 
which the President shall choose three candidates. The deputies of the legislative assembly would then appoint 
one candidate for the post of regional governor from such list.  
In addition, ethnic, religious, historical and other divisions have, on occasion, given rise to tensions and, in certain 
cases, military conflict, both internally and with other countries. Russian military and paramilitary forces have 
been engaged in the Chechen Republic in the recent past and continue to maintain a visible presence there. 
Moreover, in August 2008, Russia and Georgia were involved in an armed conflict. The conflict ended with 
Russian recognition of the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. Russian stock exchanges experienced 
heightened volatility, significant overall price declines and capital outflow following these events and the 
international capital markets temporarily closed to Russia. Furthermore, differing views on the Georgia conflict, 
as well as the recent armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine, have had an impact on the relationship between the Russian 
Federation, the EU, the United States and certain former Soviet Union countries and, if prolonged, could adversely 
affect business relationships among these countries and adversely affect the Russian economy. Recently, there has 
been a considerable deterioration of relations between Russia and a number of Western European counties 
including, among others, the United Kingdom that so far has resulted in both countries expelling their diplomats 
and taking other diplomatic sanctions. A prolonged deterioration in Russia’s international relations may have a 
negative effect on the investment climate in Russia and the price of Russian securities. The risks associated with 
these events or potential future events could materially and adversely affect the investment environment and 
overall consumer confidence in the Russian Federation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Alfa Banking Group’s business, its ability to obtain financing in the international markets, and its financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine and the international reaction to Russia’s actions in connection with 
Crimea create significant political and economic uncertainty which could adversely impact the Alfa Banking 
Group’s financial condition 
The significant civil unrest and political instability in Ukraine in recent years and the armed conflict in Eastern 
Ukraine has affected the relations between the Russian Federation and Ukraine. On 16 March 2014, a referendum 
was held in Crimea pursuant to which it was reported that a majority of those who voted were in favour of 
succession from Ukraine and joining Russia as a federal subject. On 17 March 2014, the parliament of Crimea 
declared independence from Ukraine and officially applied to the Russian authorities with a request to join Russia 
which on 18 March 2014 was followed by the signing of an agreement between the Russian Federation and the 
Republic of Crimea on the acceptance of the Republic of Crimea into the Russian Federation. On 21 March 2014, 
the Russian parliament passed legislation extending the effect of Russian laws and state authorities to the territory 
of Crimea and providing for a transitional period until 1 January 2015 for purposes of fully integrating Crimea 
into Russia.  
These events in Crimea and the resulting change in Crimea’s legal status have prompted a negative reaction from 
the international community with the EU, the United States and Ukraine, amongst others, refusing to recognize 
the referendum in Crimea as legal. The armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian army and local 
militia has destabilized the region and put further pressure on the international relations between Russia and 
Western countries, including the United States and the EU. Although the armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine has 
subsided, relations between the Ukrainian government and the breakaway territories in Eastern Ukraine remain 
tense, which may lead to a renewed escalation of the armed conflict. In relation to these events, the United States 
and the EU, as well as certain other countries, introduced sanctions and trade restrictions on Crimea, a number of

--- Page 43 ---
34 
 
former Ukrainian governmental officials, certain Russian governmental officials and individuals, politicians, 
Russian businessmen and Russian and non-Russian companies and banks (including certain restrictions on the 
largest Russian state controlled banks and certain state-controlled companies predominantly in the energy and 
defence sectors), and also adopted bans and restrictions on exporting certain goods and technologies to Russia 
generally and in certain cases to designated companies. See “—Non-compliance with OFAC and EU sanctions 
programmes, an expansion of these programmes or a significant expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings 
with any parties subject to sanctions could adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s financial condition”. No 
assurance can be given that additional persons will not be subjected to sanctions, the existing sanctions 
programmes will not be further expanded or that other jurisdictions or bodies will not impose similar or additional 
sanctions.  
The reaction of international investors to escalating geopolitical tensions and the economic sanctions described 
above have had an adverse effect on the Russian financial markets and funds focused on emerging markets, 
including Russia, have become more susceptible to intensive withdrawals by clients as has occurred on a number 
of occasions in the recent past. The ability of Russian companies and banks to obtain funding from the international 
capital and loan markets has also been hampered as a result of decreased demand from the international investor 
base and reduced issuer activity. Further escalation of the sanctions regime against Russia may have a further 
negative impact on the Russian economy and the Russian financial and banking markets, increase capital outflows 
as well as worsen the general business and investment climate in Russia. In 2014 and 2015, the rating agencies 
lowered their credit ratings for Russia citing the continuous effect of the United States and EU sanctions as one of 
the factors affecting these downgrades (see “—The deteriorating conditions of the Russian economy, the instability 
of the Russian banking sector and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking 
Group’s business, liquidity and financial condition—Impact on credit ratings”). The continued impact of these 
events and any continuing or escalating military action in Eastern Ukraine, public protests, unrest, political 
instability or further sanctions could have a further adverse effect on the Ukrainian and Russian economies and 
consequently, a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.  
After the Alfa Banking Group restructured its Ukrainian operations in August 2006, the Alfa Banking Group 
started to treat its exposure Ukrainian entity Joint Stock Company “Alfa Bank” (“Alfa Bank Ukraine”, ABH 
Ukraine Limited and its subsidiaries, including Alfa Bank Ukraine, form the “ABH Ukraine Group”) as related 
party transactions. On 31 March 2014, Alfa Bank transferred to the ABH Ukraine Group legal title to shares 
representing a 19.9 per cent. interest in Alfa Bank Ukraine which were sold by the Alfa Banking Group in 2010 
and 2011 (see “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Ukraine and the 
ABH Ukraine Group”). As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to the ABH Ukraine Group and 
balances receivable from Ukrainian borrowers were insignificant. 
Terrorism, crime and corruption could affect the Russian economy and disrupt the Alfa Banking Group’s 
ability to conduct its business  
Terrorist activity inside and outside Russia have had a significant effect on the international and domestic financial 
and commodity markets. Various acts of terrorism have been committed in population centres within the Russian 
Federation. The risks associated with these events or potential future events could materially and adversely affect 
the investment environment and overall consumer confidence in the Russian Federation. In particular, as the 
Russian Federation produces and exports large amounts of crude oil and gas, any acts of terrorism or armed 
conflicts causing disruptions of Russian oil and gas exports could negatively affect the Russian economy.  
Levels of organised criminal activity continue to be significant in Russia. The Russian and international press have 
reported high levels of corruption in the Russian Federation, including the bribing of officials for the purpose of 
initiating investigations by Russian Government agencies. Additionally, published reports indicate that a 
significant number of Russian media regularly publish biased articles in exchange for payment. These factors could 
have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.  
Social instability could renew support for a centralised authority, nationalism or violence, and thus materially 
adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to conduct its business effectively  
Social instability in the Russian Federation, coupled with difficult economic conditions and the failure of salaries 
and benefits generally to keep pace with the rapidly increasing cost of living have led in the past to labour and 
social unrest (principally in urban areas). Any future labour and social unrest may have political, social and 
economic consequences, such as increased support for a renewal of centralised authority, increased nationalism, 
including restrictions on foreign involvement in the Russian economy and increased violence. This could have a 
material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.

--- Page 44 ---
35 
 
Legislation to protect against nationalisation and expropriation may not be enforced in the event of a 
nationalisation or expropriation of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets  
Although the Russian Government has enacted legislation to protect property against expropriation and 
nationalisation and to provide fair compensation to be paid if such events were to occur, there can be no certainty 
that such protections will be enforced. This uncertainty is due to several factors, including the lack of state 
budgetary resources, the lack of an independent judicial system and insufficient mechanisms to enforce judgments.  
The concept of property rights is not well developed in the Russian Federation and there is not a great deal of 
experience in enforcing legislation enacted to protect private property against nationalisation and expropriation. 
As a result, the Alfa Banking Group may not be able to obtain proper redress in the courts, and may not receive 
adequate compensation if in the future the Russian Government decides to nationalise or expropriate some or all 
of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets. The expropriation or nationalisation of any of the Alfa Banking Group’s or 
its respective shareholders’ assets without fair compensation may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Economic Risks  
Instability of the Russian economy  
Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, Russia has experienced:  
 
significant declines in gross domestic product; 
 
hyperinflation or high levels of inflation; 
 
an unstable currency; 
 
high levels of state debt relative to gross domestic product; 
 
crises in the banking sector limiting the ability of banks to provide liquidity to Russian enterprises;  
 
a large number of loss-making enterprises that continue to operate due to the lack of effective bankruptcy 
proceedings; 
 
significant use of barter transactions and illiquid promissory notes to settle commercial transactions; 
 
widespread tax evasion; 
 
growth of “black” and “grey” market economies; 
 
pervasive capital flight; 
 
high levels of government corruption and the penetration of organised crime and government into the 
economy; 
 
political and social instability; 
 
ethnic and religious tensions; 
 
lack of consensus between federal and local governments; 
 
over-dependence of the economy on export of commodities, in particular oil, gas and metals; 
 
significant declines and volatility in the stock market; 
 
significant increases in unemployment and under-employment; 
 
the impoverishment of a large portion of the Russian population; 
 
a declining population and short life-expectancy; and 
 
outdated and deteriorating physical infrastructure. 
From 2000 until the first half of 2008, Russia experienced rapid growth in its gross domestic product, higher tax 
collections and increased stability of the Rouble, providing some degree of economic soundness. However, the 
Russian economy was adversely affected by the global economic crisis that began in the second half of 2008, 
which manifested itself through extreme volatility in debt and equity markets, reductions in foreign investment, 
sharp decreases in GDP and rise of unemployment around the world. While the situation globally has stabilised to 
a certain extent, the Russian economy began to experience a new slowdown in 2013. The conditions and outlook 
for the Russian economy deteriorated significantly during 2014 and continued to worsen in 2015. See “Risks 
relating to the Alfa Banking Group—The deteriorating conditions of the Russian economy, the instability of the

--- Page 45 ---
36 
 
Russian banking sector and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, liquidity and financial condition”. Whilst the Russian economy experienced some stabilisation in 2016 
and 2017, any deterioration in the general economic conditions in Russia, as a result of the fall in the price of oil 
in March 2020 and/or Covid-19, could adversely influence the level of demand for various products and services, 
including those provided by the Alfa Banking Group, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the 
Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Instability of the Russian banking system could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations  
During the past few years a number of Russian banks have experienced difficulties, including failure to make 
sufficient credit loss allowance, that have caused them to become insolvent and have their licenses revoked or to 
recognise large loan impairments that required steps to replenish their capital. The CBR commenced a “cleanup” 
campaign aimed at removing fraudulent, failing or undercapitalised financial institutions from the sector and 
making it more robust, stable and transparent in the event of any potential systemic shocks. In pursuit of this 
campaign, the CBR revoked banking licenses from a large number of banks, which substantially undermined the 
sustainability and reliability of the sector. The CBR revoked the banking license of Tatfondbank, a major regional 
bank, in March 2017 and Ugra Bank, which was the 33rd largest bank in Russia by assets, in July 2017. The CBR 
introduced measures aimed at improving the financial stability of Otkritie, B&N Bank and Promsvyazbank, all of 
which were some of the largest Russian private banks. More recently, on 22 January 2019, similar measures were 
introduced by the CBR with respect to Moscow Industrial Bank, the 33rd largest bank in Russia by assets as of 
1 January 2019, in response to the breach of the minimum statutory capital requirements caused by assets’ 
impairment. Intensified withdrawal of banking licences as a result of the inability of certain banks to meet the 
mandatory requirements of the CBR, failure to comply with anti-money laundering regulations or due to other 
reasons could result in lower liquidity on the domestic market, lower investor confidence in the Russian banking 
system and raise concerns about the ability of the State Deposit Insurance Agency to service any further pay-outs 
to insured depositors should any similar bank collapses occur in the future. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group 
may be affected by consequential defaults of corporate customers that suffer from the problems faced by other 
Russian banks or if similar disruption in the banking sector occurs in the future and affects the overall economic 
situation in Russia.  
Liquidity shortages on domestic financial and interbank markets during 2014 and 2015 driven by restricted access 
for many Russian banks to the international capital markets and volatility of the Russian Rouble resulted in the 
increased funding costs throughout the entire Russian financial system and have put substantial strain on Russian 
banks’ ability to manage interest rate risks, raise financing and prudently allocate available liquidity. The resulting 
higher interest rates have also negatively affected the banking sector’s profitability, as well as led to a deterioration 
in the creditworthiness of Russian consumer and corporates. Although liquidity in the Russian banking sector 
improved in 2016 and 2017, no assurance can be given that new liquidity constraints or shortages will not occur 
in the future.  
In the event of a further deterioration and increased instability of the Russian banking sector, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s customers could withdraw some or all of their deposits more quickly than anticipated by the Alfa Banking 
Group, which could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s liquidity, business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Fluctuations in the global economy and any prolonged decline in commodities prices may have an adverse 
effect on the Russian economy and on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects  
Russia produces and exports large quantities of crude oil, natural gas and other mineral resources, which makes 
the Russian economy particularly vulnerable to fluctuations in the world markets’ prices of commodities. The 
price of oil has been particularly volatile in the recent years reaching a peak in March 2012 and significantly 
decreasing in the second half of 2014 from U.S.$112.36 per barrel of Brent Crude oil on 30 June 2014 to 
U.S.$55.27 per barrel on 31 December 2014. As at 31 December 2019, the price of Brent Crude oil was 
U.S.$68.68 per barrel. In the first half of 2020 oil prices have been falling and in early March there was a substantial 
drop in oil prices (the price of Brent Crude fell from U.S.$45.3 per barrel on 6 March 2020 to U.S.$33.3 per barrel 
on 12 March 2020) as a result of Russia and OPEC failing to reach an agreement over proposed oil production 
cuts. This drop in oil prices caused volatility in the global financial markets. In the second half of 2020, oil prices 
rebounded to levels above U.S.$40 per barrel and in the first six months of 2021, oil prices rebounded to levels 
above U.S.$60 per barrel. In addition, any significant disruptions of major exploration and development projects 
in the Russian oil and gas sector as a result of technological failures, restrictions on obtaining necessary 
technologies or services from foreign suppliers as a result of sanctions or insufficient funding may result in 
decreased productivity, reductions in output of such commodities and ultimately lead to lower federal budget

--- Page 46 ---
37 
 
revenues. These developments could have a material adverse effect on the Russian Government’s ability to provide 
financial support to Russian banks, including the Alfa Banking Group and could have a material adverse effect on 
the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
In addition, military conflicts, international terrorist activity and natural disasters have had a significant effect on 
international finance and commodity markets. Any future military conflicts, acts of terrorism or natural disasters 
could have an adverse effect on the international financial and commodities markets and the global economy. As 
Russia produces and exports large amounts of crude oil and gas, any acts of terrorism or armed conflicts, or 
politically motivated acts of Russian Government, causing disruption of Russian oil and gas exports could 
negatively affect the Russian economy and thereby adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Exchange rates, exchange controls and repatriation restrictions could adversely affect the value of investments 
in the Russian Federation  
The Rouble remains largely non-convertible outside the Russian Federation. A market exists within the Russian 
Federation for the conversion of Roubles into other currencies, but it is limited in size and is subject to rules 
limiting such conversion. During 2014, the foreign currency and gold reserves decreased significantly and stood 
at U.S.$385 billion by 31 December 2014. Russia’s international reserves continued to decrease throughout 2015 
and reached U.S.$368 billion by 31 December 2015 but subsequently increasing to U.S.$378 billion by 
31 December 2016, to U.S.$433 billion by 31 December 2017, to U.S.$469 billion by 31 December 2018, to 
U.S.$554.4 billion by 1 January 2020, to U.S.$597.4 billion by 1 January 2021 and to U.S.$591 billion by 
2 July 2021. According to data published by the CBR, the CBR spent approximately U.S.$78.9 billion of Russia’s 
international reserves on money market interventions to support the Rouble in 2014 but no assurance can be given 
that the CBR will use any more of the reserves to support the Rouble in the future. The Rouble depreciated against 
the U.S. dollar as a result of the recent decline in oil prices from RUB 73.88 per U.S.$1.00 as at 31 December 2020 
to RUB 72.37 per U.S.$1.00 as at 30 June 2021. The CBR has taken measures to support the Rouble by selling 
foreign currency and this may reduce Russia’s international reserves. Although Russia’s current foreign currency 
and gold reserves may be sufficient to sustain the domestic currency market in the short-term, there can be no 
assurance that the currency market will not further deteriorate in the medium or long-term due to the lack of foreign 
currency funding available in the global markets. The lack of growth of the Russian currency market in the medium 
or long-term may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.  
Russia’s physical infrastructure is in poor condition, which could disrupt normal business activity  
Russia’s physical infrastructure is in very poor condition and largely dates back to Soviet times. It has not been 
adequately funded and maintained over the past decade and may cause disruptions in normal business activities. 
Particularly affected are pipeline, rail and road networks, power generation and transmission systems and 
communication systems. With a view to increasing capital inflows and private investment into Russia’s physical 
infrastructure, the Russian Government has launched a number of infrastructure modernisation programmes such 
as a large scale reform of the electricity sector. However, there is uncertainty in the current economic environment 
as to the extent to which such programmes will be realised. Such reforms, if realised, are likely to result in increased 
charges and tariffs, but may fail to generate the anticipated capital investment needed to repair, maintain and 
improve these systems.  
The Russian Government is actively considering plans to reorganise and/or privatise the Russian Federation’s rail, 
electricity and telephone systems. Any such reorganisation or privatisation may result in increased charges and 
tariffs while failing to generate the anticipated capital investment needed to repair, maintain and improve these 
systems. The continued deterioration of Russia’s physical infrastructure may harm the national economy, disrupt 
the transportation of goods and supplies, add costs to doing business in the Russian Federation and may interrupt 
business operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
If the Russian Federation were to return to heavy and sustained inflation, the Alfa Banking Group’s results of 
operations could be adversely affected  
The inflation rate (“CPI”) in the Russian Federation measured by RosStat was relatively stable from 2011 to 2013, 
reaching 6.1 per cent. in 2011, 6.6 per cent. in 2012 and 6.5 per cent. in 2013. As a result of the deteriorating 
economic conditions, depreciating Rouble and restrictive measures on certain imports, inflation increased 
significantly in 2014 and reached 11.4 per cent. and 12.9 per cent. in 2015. Inflation was subdued in the following 
period and amounted to 2.5 per cent. in 2017, 4.3 per cent. in 2018, to 3.0 per cent. in 2019, to 4.9 per cent. in 
2020 and to 6.5 per cent. in the first half of 2021.

--- Page 47 ---
38 
 
Any return to high and sustained inflation could lead to market instability, new financial crises, reductions in 
consumer purchasing power and an erosion of consumer confidence. Any one of these events could lead to 
decreased demand for the Alfa Banking Group’s products and services and result in a material adverse effect on 
the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Legal Risks  
Weaknesses relating to the Russian legal system and Russian law create an uncertain environment for 
investment and for business activity  
The Russian legal framework applicable to a market economy is still under development. Since 1991, Soviet law 
has been largely, but not entirely, replaced by a new legal regime as established by the 1993 Federal Constitution, 
the Civil Code, by other federal laws and by decrees, orders and regulations issued by the President, the Russian 
Government and federal ministries, which are, in turn, complemented by regional and local rules and regulations. 
These legal norms, at times, overlap with or contradict one another. Several fundamental Russian laws have only 
recently become effective. The recent nature of much of Russian law and the rapid evolution of the Russian legal 
system place the enforceability and underlying constitutionality of laws in doubt and result in ambiguities, 
inconsistencies and anomalies. In addition, Russian law often leaves substantial gaps in the regulatory 
infrastructure.  
Among the risks of the current Russian legal system are:  
 
inconsistencies among, federal laws; decrees, orders and regulations issued by the President, the Russian 
Government, federal ministries and regulatory authorities; and regional and local laws, rules and 
regulations;  
 
limited judicial and administrative guidance on interpretations of Russian law;  
 
substantial gaps in the regulatory structure due to delay or absence of implementing legislation;  
 
the relative inexperience of certain judges in interpreting new principles of Russian law, particularly 
business and corporate law;  
 
the possibility that certain judges may be susceptible to economic, political or nationalistic influences;  
 
a high degree of discretion on the part of governmental authorities; and  
 
bankruptcy procedures that are not well developed.  
All of these factors make judicial decisions in the Russian Federation difficult to predict and effective redress 
uncertain. Additionally, court claims are often used to further political aims. The Alfa Banking Group may be 
subject to these claims and may not be able to receive a fair hearing. Additionally, court judgments are not always 
enforced or followed by law enforcement agencies.  
Unlawful or arbitrary government action in Russia may have an adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business  
State authorities have a high degree of discretion in Russia and at times exercise their discretion arbitrarily, without 
conducting a hearing or giving prior notice, and sometimes on disputed legal grounds. Moreover, the state also has 
the power in certain circumstances, by regulation or act, to interfere with the performance of, nullify or terminate 
contracts. Unlawful or arbitrary state actions have included withdrawal of licences, sudden and unexpected tax 
audits, criminal prosecutions and civil actions. Federal and local government entities have also used common 
defects in matters surrounding documentation of financing activities as pretexts for court claims and other demands 
to invalidate such activities and/or to void transactions, often for political purposes. Unlawful or arbitrary state 
action, if directed at the Alfa Banking Group, could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Difficulty in enforcing the Alfa Banking Group’s rights in Russia may have an adverse effect on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects  
The current status of the Russian legal system makes it uncertain whether the Alfa Banking Group would be able 
to enforce its rights in disputes with any of its contractual counterparties. Furthermore, the dispersion of regulatory 
power among a number of state agencies in the Russian Federation has resulted in inconsistent or contradictory 
regulations and unpredictable enforcement. The Russian Government has rapidly introduced laws and regulations 
and has changed its legal structure in an effort to make the Russian economy more market-oriented, resulting in 
considerable legal confusion. No assurance can be given that local laws and regulations will become stable in the 
future. The Alfa Banking Group’s ability to operate in the Russian Federation could be adversely affected by

--- Page 48 ---
39 
 
difficulties in protecting and enforcing its rights and by future changes to local laws and regulations. Further, its 
ability to protect and enforce such rights is dependent on the Russian courts, which are underdeveloped, inefficient, 
and, in places, corrupt. Judicial precedents generally have no binding effect on subsequent decisions. Enforcement 
of court orders can in practice be very difficult in the Russian Federation.  
Foreign judgments and arbitral awards may not be enforceable against the Alfa Banking Group  
Russian courts will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than the Russian 
Federation unless one of the following factors is present:  
 
there is a treaty in effect between the Russian Federation and the country where the judgment was rendered 
providing for the recognition of court judgments in civil cases; or  
 
a federal law of Russia is adopted providing for the recognition and enforcement of foreign court judgments; 
or  
 
the judgment may be enforced on the basis of reciprocity, if courts of the country where the foreign 
judgment is rendered have previously enforced judgments issued by Russian courts.  
No such treaty exists between the Russian Federation and either the United Kingdom or the United States and no 
such federal law has been passed. Even in the event that there is such a treaty and a federal law, Russian courts 
may nonetheless refuse to recognise and enforce a foreign court judgment on the grounds provided in such treaty 
and in Russian legislation in effect on the date on which such recognition and enforcement is sought. The 
Commercial Procedural Code of the Russian Federation establishes the procedures for the recognition and 
enforcement of foreign court judgments and contains an extensive list of grounds for refusal of such recognition 
and enforcement in the future. Moreover, Russian procedural legislation may change and no assurance can be 
given that in the future no other ground for refusal of such recognition and enforcement may arise.  
There have been at least two instances in which Russian courts have recognised and enforced a judgment of a court 
of a country with which Russia does not have an international treaty to that effect (the United Kingdom and the 
Netherlands). The basis for this was a combination of the principle of reciprocity and the existence of a number of 
bilateral and multilateral treaties to which both countries were parties. There have been no other Russian court 
decisions by which foreign judgments, in the absence of a statutory basis in Russian federal law or a treaty between 
Russia and the respective state where the foreign judgment was rendered, have been recognised and enforced on 
the territory of Russia. It may be said that as a general rule the court judgments rendered against a member of the 
Alfa Banking Group in the United Kingdom or elsewhere remain uncertain and it may be impossible to enforce in 
Russia, unless their recognition and enforcement are permitted by an international treaty or Russian legislation.  
Russian tax law and practice are not fully developed and are subject to frequent changes 
A significant part of the Alfa Banking Group assets and operations is located in Russia and, therefore, weaknesses 
in the Russian tax system could adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group.  
The Russian subsidiaries of the Alfa Banking Group are subject to a broad range of Russian taxes and charges 
imposed at the federal, regional and local levels, including, but not limited to, corporate income tax, value added 
tax (“VAT”), property tax and payroll related social security contributions.  
Russian laws and regulations related to these taxes, such as the Tax Code of the Russian Federation (the “Russian 
Tax Code”) have been in force for a relatively short period in comparison with tax laws and regulations in more 
developed market economies. The implementation of Russian tax laws and regulations is often unclear or 
inconsistent. Historically, the system of tax collection in Russia has been relatively ineffective, resulting in the 
continual changes to the tax legislation, some of which applies retroactively and occurs with little notice.  
Although Russia’s tax climate and the quality of Russian tax legislation have generally improved with the 
introduction of the Russian Tax Code, there can be no assurance that the Russian Tax Code will not be changed 
or interpreted in the future in a manner adverse to the stability and predictability of the Russian tax system. The 
possibility exists that the Russian Government may impose arbitrary or onerous taxes, levies, fines and penalties 
in the future, which could adversely affect the business of Alfa Bank and the Russian subsidiaries of the Alfa 
Banking Group.  
Since Russian federal, regional and local tax laws and regulations have been subject to frequent changes and some 
of the sections of the Russian Tax Code relating to the aforementioned taxes are comparatively new, the 
interpretation and applications of these laws and regulations is often unclear, unstable or non-existent. Differing 
interpretations of tax laws and regulations may exist both among and within government bodies at the federal, 
regional and local levels, increasing the number of existing uncertainties and tax risks and leading to the 
inconsistent enforcement of these tax laws and regulations in practice.

--- Page 49 ---
40 
 
Furthermore, taxpayers, the Russian Ministry of Finance and the Russian tax authorities often interpret tax laws 
and regulations differently. In some instances, the Russian tax authorities have applied new interpretations of tax 
laws and regulations retroactively. In addition, there have been cases where letters of the tax authorities have been 
cancelled by the Russian Ministry of Finance. Private clarifications to specific taxpayers’ queries with respect to 
particular situations issued by the Russian Ministry of Finance are not binding on the Russian tax authorities. There 
can be no assurance, therefore, that the representatives of the local Russian tax authorities will not take positions 
contrary to those set out in the private clarification letters issued by the Russian Ministry of Finance. Moreover, 
there can be no assurance that the Russian legislation and regulations will not be altered, in whole or in part, or 
that Russian tax authorities and/or Russian courts or other regulatory authorities will not interpret these rules and 
regulations in such a way that the arrangements described in this Base Prospectus would be subject to different tax 
treatment than the treatment described herein, whether retroactively or otherwise, or would be adversely affected 
in some other way. During the past several years the Russian tax authorities have shown a tendency to take more 
assertive positions in their interpretation of tax legislation, which has led to an increased number of material tax 
assessments issued by them as a result of tax reviews of Russian companies operating in various industries, 
including in the financial services industry.  
In practice, taxpayers often have to resort to court proceedings to defend their positions against the Russian tax 
authorities. In the absence of binding precedent or consistent court practice, rulings on tax or other related matters 
by different courts relating to the same or similar circumstances may be inconsistent or contradictory.  
The Russian tax system is, therefore, impeded by the fact that, at times, it still relies heavily on the inconsistent 
judgments of local tax officials and fails to address many of the existing problems. It is, therefore, possible that 
transactions and activities of Alfa Bank and the Russian subsidiaries of the Alfa Banking Group that have not been 
challenged in the past may be challenged in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
In 2017 anti-avoidance rules were introduced by Article 54.1 “Limits on the exercise of the rights relating to the 
calculation of the tax base and (or) the amount of a tax, a levy or insurance contributions” of the Russian Tax 
Code. The new anti-avoidance rules establish the framework within which taxpayers enjoy tax benefits and 
prohibit any willful misconduct resulting in non-payment or underpayment of taxes by misrepresenting 
information on economic events and objects of taxation. In addition to this prohibition taxpayers may reduce the 
tax base and/or payable amount of tax if they can document that (i) tax evasion is not the primary purpose of a 
transaction and (ii) the contractual obligation is fulfilled directly by the party named in the contract or by a person 
to whom such obligation was transferred by contract or by law. The new rules apply retrospectively to all periods 
open for tax examination. Due to the fact that court practice related to application of new rules is still inconsistent, 
no assurance can currently be given as to the exact effect such rules may have on the taxpayers, including Russian 
companies of the Alfa Banking Group. 
Generally, tax returns together with related documentation are subject to tax audit by the Russian tax authorities 
for a period of three calendar years (with certain exceptions, including tax monitoring regime in which Alfa Bank 
participates) immediately preceding the year in which the decision to conduct a tax audit is taken. A repeat tax 
audit of periods which have been already audited or a tax audit of periods beyond the three-year statute of 
limitations (the “Extraordinary Tax Audit”) may be conducted under certain conditions. Therefore, the statute 
of limitations is not entirely effective with respect to liability for payment of taxes in Russia. If as a result of the 
Extraordinary Tax Audit it is concluded that the Russian subsidiaries of the Alfa Banking Group had significant 
tax underpayments for respective tax periods, it may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Tax audits may also impose additional administrative 
burden on the Alfa Banking Group by diverting the attention of its management and financial personnel, requiring 
resources for defending the Alfa Banking Group’s tax filing position, including for any tax litigation.  
In addition to the usual tax burden imposed on Russian taxpayers, these conditions complicate tax planning and 
related business decisions. This uncertainty could possibly expose the Alfa Banking Group to significant fines and 
penalties and to enforcement measures, despite the Alfa Banking Group’s best efforts at compliance, and could 
result in a greater than expected tax burden.  
The possibility exists that the Russian Government may impose arbitrary or onerous taxes and penalties in the 
future, which could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. Additionally, there have been cases perceived as utilisation of tax claims as a tool for 
significant state intervention in certain key industries.  
The Alfa Banking Group operates in various jurisdictions and includes companies incorporated outside of Russia. 
Russian tax laws currently in effect are not well developed as far as taxation of foreign companies in Russia or 
operations of Russian companies abroad are concerned. The Russian Tax Code contains a concept of permanent 
establishment in Russia as a means for taxing foreign legal entities which carry out regular entrepreneurial 
activities in Russia beyond preparatory and auxiliary activities. However, the practical application of the concept

--- Page 50 ---
41 
 
of a permanent establishment under Russian law is not well developed and foreign companies having even limited 
operations in Russia, which would not normally satisfy the conditions for creating a permanent establishment 
under international rules, may be at a risk of being treated as having a permanent establishment in Russia and be 
liable to Russian taxation and have obligations to withhold Russian taxes from payments to foreign individuals 
and legal entities as a tax agent. There were a few precedents where the Russian tax authorities sought to challenge 
the Russian tax status of foreign companies and some of their attempts were successful. It is possible that with the 
evolution of these rules or changes in the approach of the Russian tax authorities and/or courts to their 
interpretation and application, the Alfa Banking Group might become subject to additional taxation in Russia in 
respect of its operations outside Russia.  
In addition, the Russian Federation, like a number of other countries in the world, is actively involved in discussing 
and implementation of measures against tax evasion by the use of low tax jurisdictions and aggressive tax planning 
structures. Starting 1 January 2015 the following rules and concepts were introduced into the Russian Tax Code: 
(1) “controlled foreign companies” rules pursuant to which undistributed profits of certain organizations as well 
as foreign structures not being legal entities (such as funds, partnerships), owned and/or controlled by Russian tax 
residents (both legal entities and individuals), should be subject to taxation in Russia provided certain criteria are 
met; (2) the concept of tax residency in Russia for non-Russian legal entities whereby generally legal entities 
would be deemed Russian tax residents if their place of management is located in Russia; (3) the beneficial 
ownership concept for the purposes of application of the double tax treaties, which provides that treaty relief should 
only be available to foreign income recipients provided they have the actual right to receive income (i.e. they 
qualify as a “beneficial owner of income”). 
 Introduction and further evolution of the abovementioned rules and concepts may impose additional 
administrative and tax burdens on the Alfa Banking Group. No assurance can currently be given as to how the 
above rules and concepts will be applied in practice, their potential interpretation by the Russian tax authorities 
and the possible impact (including, additional tax liability, if any) on the Alfa Banking Group. Therefore, it cannot 
be excluded that the Alfa Banking Group may be subject to additional tax liabilities as a result of the application 
of the new rules and concepts to transactions carried out by the Alfa Banking Group, which could have a material 
adverse effect on financial condition and results of operations and the value of the Notes. 
These facts create tax risks in Russia that may be substantially more significant than typically found in countries 
with more developed tax systems. Furthermore, the Russian tax legislation is consistently becoming more 
sophisticated. 
Historically, the Alfa Banking Group and the main Russian entities of the Alfa Banking Group have been paying 
significant amounts of tax due to the scale of their operations. These factors, coupled with the potential for state 
budget deficits, raise the risk of the imposition of additional taxes, levies, fines and penalties on the Alfa Banking 
Group. The introduction of new taxes or levies or introduction of amendments to current taxation rules may have 
a substantial impact on the overall amount of tax liabilities of the respective entities. Although the Alfa Banking 
Group undertakes measures aimed at minimising tax risk and the approach to management of tax liabilities and 
tax risks within the Alfa Banking Group has been conservative, there is no assurance that the Russian entities of 
the Alfa Banking Group would not be required to make substantially larger tax payments in the future, which may 
affect the financial results of the Alfa Banking Group. In addition to creating a substantial tax burden, these risks 
and uncertainties complicate the Alfa Banking Group’s tax planning and related business decisions, potentially 
exposing it and its Russian subsidiaries to significant additional taxes, levies, fines and penalties and enforcement 
measures, and could have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
OECD Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and recently the pace of change has increased due to 
a number of developments. In particular, a number of changes of law and practice are occurring as a result of the 
OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project (“BEPS”). Investors should note that certain action points which 
form part of the OECD BEPS project (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs, see the 
risk factor entitled “EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive” below or Action 6 on the prevention of treaty abuse) may 
be implemented in a manner which affects the tax position of the Issuer. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the 
“Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive”) on 12 July 2016.  
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the “Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2”) on 
29 May 2017, amending the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive, to provide for minimum standards for counteracting

--- Page 51 ---
42 
 
hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries.  
EU member states were required to implement the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive by 2019 (subject to derogations 
for EU member states which have equivalent measures in their domestic law) and had until 31 December 2019 to 
implement the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 (except for measures relating to reverse hybrid mismatches, which 
must be implemented by 31 December 2021). 
The Directives contain various measures that could, depending on their implementation in Ireland, potentially 
result in certain payments made by the Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible. This could increase the Issuer’s 
liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on the Notes. There are two measures of particular 
relevance. Firstly, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the 
deductible interest of an entity to 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. 
However, the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the amount by which 
its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable revenues). This 
measure has not yet been implemented in Ireland but is expected to be implemented with effect from 
1 January 2022. The exact scope of the measure and its impact on the Issuer’s tax position will depend on how this 
is implemented in Ireland. 
Secondly, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (as amended by the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2) provides for 
hybrid mismatch rules. These rules apply in Ireland with effect from 1 January 2020 and are designed to neutralise 
arrangements where amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the 
same amounts are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where: (i) the interest 
that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions from its taxable income for, is not brought into account as 
taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, either because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments 
made under them, or because of the nature of the Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated 
enterprises, between the Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement. It is not clear if the 
Issuer will have any associated enterprise, however if the Issuer has an associated enterprise holding Notes, then 
the measures should not impact payments on the Notes to that enterprise where the amounts of the payment are 
fully included for tax purposes and brought into account as taxable income by that enterprise. 
For the purposes of the hybrid rules, a structured arrangement is one involving a mismatch outcome where the 
mismatch outcome is priced into the terms of the arrangement or the arrangement was designed to give rise to a 
mismatch outcome. Absent any guidance from the Irish Revenue Commissioners on how they will approach 
structured arrangements, it is not yet clear if this would apply to the transaction to bring it within scope of the 
hybrid rules. 
Russian transfer pricing rules may adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations 
Russian transfer pricing legislation which is currently in effect allows the Russian tax authorities to make transfer 
pricing adjustments and impose additional tax liabilities in respect of all “controlled” transactions. The burden of 
proving market prices rests with the taxpayer. 
Due to the uncertainties in the interpretation of Russian transfer pricing legislation, no assurance can be given that 
the Russian tax authorities will not challenge prices of the transactions of the Alfa Banking Group and make 
adjustments, which could adversely affect the Alfa Banking Group’s tax position unless the Alfa Banking Group 
will be able to confirm the use of market prices with respect to “controlled” transactions, supported with the 
appropriate transfer pricing documentation. The imposition of additional tax liabilities under the Russian transfer 
pricing legislation may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s tax position, business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Alfa Banking Group is subject to regulations related to money laundering and non-compliance with these 
regulations may result in the revocation of the banking licences of members of the Alfa Banking Group  
Russia is a member country of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (“FATF”) and the Egmond 
Group, and has enacted laws and regulations to combat money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial 
crimes. In Russia, all banks and their employees are obliged to implement and fulfil certain requirements regarding 
the treatment of activities that may be referred to as money laundering. The Federal Law No. 115-FZ “On 
Countermeasures Against Laundering of Criminal Profits and the Financing of Terrorism” of 7 August 2001, as 
amended (the “Anti-Money Laundering Law”) and implementing legislation set forth the framework for this 
requirement and other anti-money laundering procedures.  
Minimum standards and duties according to the Anti-Money Laundering Law include customer identification, 
record keeping, suspicious activity reporting, employee training, an internal audit function and designation of a 
compliance officer. Suspicious (“unusual”) transactions must be reported on a daily basis to the Federal Service

--- Page 52 ---
43 
 
for Financial Monitoring.  
In addition, the Alfa Banking Group has expanded its operations with the MSME clients over the past few years 
which places additional burden on it in terms of financial and tax reporting. In 2018, Russian legislation has been 
amended to place more obligations on banks to act as tax agents and report various payments to the tax authorities 
which has resulted in a greater involvement of the Alfa Banking Group’s compliance and other staff in such 
operations and longer times to perform services requested by customers.  
To ensure that the Alfa Banking Group is not unwittingly used as an intermediary in any money laundering process 
or other related criminal activities, the Alfa Banking Group complies with the CBR’s anti-money laundering rules. 
This programme includes written policies and procedures, assigning a compliance officer, an audit and review 
function to test the robustness of anti-money laundering policies and procedures, monitoring and auditing customer 
activities and transactions in accordance with anti-money laundering legislation and regulations and employee 
training. Noncompliance with Russian money laundering legislation may result in the revocation of Alfa Bank’s 
banking licence and, as a result, the general deterioration of the Alfa Banking Group’s business, financial position 
or results of operations.  
The Russian corporate governance, public reporting requirements and accounting regulations to which the 
Alfa Banking Group is subject differ significantly from those applicable to comparable companies in other 
jurisdictions  
The Alfa Banking Group’s corporate affairs are governed by its charters, its internal regulations and by the laws 
governing Russian banks and companies incorporated in Russia. See “The Banking Sector and Banking Regulation 
in the Russian Federation”. The rights of shareholders and the responsibilities of members of governing bodies of 
legal entities under Russian law are different from, and may be subject to certain requirements not generally 
applicable to, companies organised in the United Kingdom, the United States or other jurisdictions. See 
“Management”.  
The accounting and reporting standards of the Russian Federation are not comparable to those in other 
jurisdictions, such as the United States and the United Kingdom and Russian Accounting Regulations (“RAR”) 
are not comparable to either International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) or US Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles (“GAAP”). Russian accounting legislation continues to develop and has been subject to 
change on a regular basis in recent years. The relatively recent introduction of IFRS in Russia means that Russian 
companies are not as experienced with or knowledgeable about IFRS as companies in countries that have a longer 
history of complying with IFRS. 
In accordance with Russian legislation applicable to securities issuers, Alfa Bank is required to file quarterly 
reports with the federal governmental authority responsible for the supervision of the securities market of the 
Russian Federation, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, is the CBR. These reports include certain 
information about Alfa Bank, its management, subsidiaries, affiliates and selected financial and business 
information (such as events of litigation and quarterly statutory accounting reports prepared in accordance with 
RAR).  
As a result of the relatively recent introduction of international accounting standards in Russia, Russian companies 
and corporate groups may not have fully developed and implemented the required methodologies for the 
preparation of international financial statements, including the internal control frameworks, development 
methodologies or risk assessment activities on which the preparation of international financial statements depends. 
In addition, despite recent initiatives to improve corporate transparency in Russia, there is less publicly available 
information about most Russian banks, including Alfa Bank and the Alfa Banking Group, than there is available 
for comparable banks in, for example, the United Kingdom or the United States.  
The Alfa Banking Group faces risks associated with doing business in other CIS countries and other emerging 
markets  
In addition to Russia, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alfa Banking Group undertakes banking activities 
in other CIS countries. The Alfa Banking Group may undertake additional banking activities in the CIS and other 
emerging markets. In many respects, the risks inherent in transacting business in these countries are similar to 
those in Russia, especially those risks set out herein.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations to make payments on the Notes is dependent on the Alfa Banking 
Group  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose entire share capital is held in a charitable trust by TMF Management 
(Ireland) Limited. The Issuer was established to raise capital by the issue of debt securities and to use amounts

--- Page 53 ---
44 
 
equal to the proceeds of each such issuance to make loans to Alfa Bank. The Issuer will use the proceeds of each 
Series of Notes to finance a loan to Alfa Bank. The Issuer does not have other assets or revenues sufficient to meet 
its obligations to pay redemption amounts and other amounts due under the Notes. The performance by the Issuer 
of its obligations under the Notes is, therefore, entirely dependent upon Alfa Bank meeting its payment obligations 
under the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement.  
The Issuer is subject to certain legal risks, including the location of its centre of main interest (“COMI”), the 
appointment of an examiner in the event the Issuer experiences financial difficulties and the claims of preferred 
creditors under Irish law  
Centre of main interest  
The Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. Under Regulation (EU) No. 2015/848 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the “Recast EU Insolvency Regulation”), 
the Issuer’s centre of main interest (“COMI”) is presumed to be the place of its registered office (i.e. Ireland) in 
the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that the Issuer did not move its registered office within the 3 
months prior to a request to open insolvency proceedings.  
As the Issuer’s COMI is presumed to be Ireland, any main insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer would 
fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. As to what might constitute “proof to the contrary” regarding 
the location of a company’s COMI, the key decision is that in Re Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish High 
Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme Court); [2006] Ch 508; ECJ Case C-34l/04 (European Court of Justice)), 
given in respect of the equivalent provision in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No. 1346/2000). In that case, on a reference from the Irish Supreme Court, the European Court of Justice concluded 
that “factors which are both objective and ascertainable by third parties” would be needed to demonstrate that a 
company’s actual situation is different from that which the location of its registered office is deemed to reflect. 
As the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, all of its directors are tax resident in Ireland and is registered for 
tax in Ireland, the Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut the presumption that its COMI is 
located in Ireland, although this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide based on the 
circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If the Issuer’s COMI was found to be 
in another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction 
instead. 
Preferred creditors  
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that are treated 
under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the Noteholders, the Noteholders may suffer losses as a result 
of their subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular:  
 
under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer will charge to the Trustee on behalf of Noteholders by way of 
first fixed charge (the “Charge”) as security for its payment obligations in respect of the Notes certain 
rights under the relevant Loan Agreement and to the relevant Account. Under Irish law, the claims of 
creditors holding fixed charges may rank behind other creditors (namely fees, costs and expenses of any 
examiner appointed and certain capital gains tax liabilities) and, in the case of fixed charges over book 
debts, may rank behind claims of the Irish Revenue Commissioners for PAYE, local property tax and VAT;  
 
under Irish law, for a charge to be characterised as a fixed charge, the charge holder is required to exercise 
the requisite level of control over the assets purported to be charged and the proceeds of such assets 
including any bank account into which such proceeds are paid. There is a risk therefore that even a charge 
which purports to be taken as a fixed charge may take effect as a floating charge if a court deems that the 
requisite level of control was not exercised; and  
 
in an insolvency of the Issuer, the claims of certain other creditors (including the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners for certain unpaid taxes), as well as those of creditors mentioned above, will rank in priority 
to claims of unsecured creditors and claims of creditors holding floating charges. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS  
The financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements and not from the financial statements of Alfa Bank 
The financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus has, except where expressly stated otherwise, 
been extracted or derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements (or underlying accounting

--- Page 54 ---
45 
 
records), and not from the financial statements of Alfa Bank. See “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information – Presentation of Financial Information”. 
ABH Financial is the indirect parent company of Alfa Bank and has subsidiaries other than Alfa Bank and its 
subsidiaries. Alfa Bank is the sole borrower under each Loan Agreement and its obligations are not guaranteed or 
otherwise indemnified or supported by ABH Financial or any other subsidiaries of ABH Financial. ABH Financial 
has no obligation with respect to the Notes. While a substantial portion of the revenues, expenses, cash flows, 
assets and liabilities set out in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements are attributable to Alfa Bank 
and its subsidiaries, the financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus derived from the ABH 
Financial Consolidated Financial Statements may not be wholly representative of the business, financial condition 
or results of operations of Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries and should not be read as a direct reflection of the 
performance of Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries. 
Investors should be aware that the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus does not highlight the 
extent to which the revenues, assets, liabilities, expenses and cash flows of the Alfa Banking Group are generated 
by Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries. 
The financial statements for Alfa Bank provided elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international accounting standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
Financial statements for Alfa Bank for the years ended 2020 and 2019, that are prepared in accordance with RAR, 
have been included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Such financial statements have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international accounting standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and there would be material differences in the financial information of Alfa Bank 
had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to Alfa Bank’s historical financial information. Investors are 
strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Alfa Bank RAR Financial Statements, which are included 
herein solely due to a requirement under the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of April 2004. Investors 
should note that RAR differs from IFRS in a number of material respects. See “Presentation of Financial and 
Other Information – Summary of material differences between IFRS and RAR”. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES AND TRADING MARKET 
Payments under a Series of Notes are limited to the amount of certain payments received under the relevant 
Loan Agreement 
The Issuer is only obliged to make payments in respect of a Series of Notes to the Noteholders in an amount 
equal to, and in the same currency as, sums of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) actually received 
and retained (net of tax) by or for the account of the Issuer from Alfa Bank pursuant to the relevant Loan 
Agreement. Consequently, if Alfa Bank fails to meet its payment obligations under the Loan Agreement in full, 
this will result in the Noteholders of a Series of Notes receiving less than the scheduled amount of principal, 
interest and additional amounts (if any) on the relevant due date.  
The Noteholders have no direct recourse to Alfa Bank and ABH Financial 
Except as otherwise disclosed in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and in the Trust Deed, no proprietary 
or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any Loan exists for the benefit of the 
Noteholders. Subject to the terms of the Trust Deed, no Noteholder will have any entitlement to enforce any of 
the provisions of the relevant Loan Agreement or have direct recourse to Alfa Bank and ABH Financial, except 
through action by the Trustee under the Security Interests (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any actions, steps or proceedings to enforce payment under any Loan 
Agreement, unless it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
Payment of principal and/or interest by Alfa Bank under any Loan Agreement to, or to the order of, the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent is expected to meet, and will discharge, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the 
Notes. Consequently, the Noteholders will have no further recourse against the Issuer, Alfa Bank or ABH 
Financial after such payment is made.  
Upon the occurrence of certain circumstances described in the relevant Loan Agreement, Alfa Bank may prepay 
the relevant Loan 
Under the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement, Alfa Bank may, or may be required to, subject to certain 
conditions, prepay the relevant Loan early if (i) Alfa Bank is required to increase its payments for tax reasons 
regardless of whether the increased payment obligation results from any change in the applicable tax laws or 
treaties, or from the change in application of existing tax laws or treaties, or from enforcement of the security

--- Page 55 ---
46 
 
provided for in connection with the Notes; (ii) in the event that it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to allow the 
relevant Loan to remain outstanding under the relevant Loan Agreement, to allow the Notes to remain 
outstanding, to maintain or give effect to any of its obligations under the Loan Agreement and/or to charge or 
receive or to be paid interest at the rate then applicable to the relevant Loan, and (iii) other cases as specified in 
the relevant Loan Agreement. 
An expansion of OFAC or EU sanctions programmes could adversely impact the trading market for the Notes 
If OFAC or EU sanctions programmes are significantly expanded, including, inter alia, the extension of the 
sectoral sanctions in relation to the Russian financial services sector as described under “—Risks Relating to the 
Alfa Banking Group’s Business and Industry—Non-compliance with OFAC and EU sanctions programmes, an 
expansion of these programmes or a significant expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings with any parties 
subject to sanctions could adversely impact the Alfa Banking Group’s financial condition” above, the trading 
market for the Notes and the rights of the Noteholders could be materially adversely affected.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings with persons designated as SDNs by 
OFAC and/or subject to EU’s asset freeze sanctions are insignificant. However, if OFAC or EU sanctions 
programmes, including the sectoral sanctions, are expanded to include any more of the Alfa Banking Group’s 
existing or future clients, suppliers or other counterparties, the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings with designated 
persons may become material, which may force some Noteholders to sell their interests in any Notes due to 
internal compliance requirements or any laws or regulation applicable to such Noteholders, thereby decreasing 
their market value, as well as cause the trading market for the Notes to become less liquid as some investors may 
be prevented from purchasing the Notes. 
The OFAC and EU sanctions programmes that target Russian persons are very recent and the application of these 
sanctions remains subject to interpretation and implementation by various regulators and market participants 
which may deviate from the Alfa Banking Group’s interpretation and application of these sanctions to itself and 
its counterparties. Although not currently expected, should the manner in which the sanctions are applied or 
interpreted change, the ability of Russian banks to transact with U.S. or EU persons could be affected, and, as 
such, Russian banks may be unable to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on their borrowings. 
Although the Alfa Banking Group has no reason to believe that it may be specifically targeted by OFAC or EU 
sanctions, the introduction of any large scale sanctions on the Russian financial services sector, or the expansion 
of the sectoral sanctions that have been introduced by OFAC and the Council of the EU, may negatively impact 
the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to make scheduled payments of principal and interest under the Loans, as any 
such payments could be frozen as a consequence of such sanctions before receipt by the Issuer. Any such freezing 
of payments will be outside of the control of the Alfa Banking Group as it will result from the enforcement of 
sanctions by the relevant payment processing banks. Consequently, the ability of the Issuer and its agent(s) to 
make scheduled payments of principal and interest under the Notes may be impaired. Whilst the Alfa Banking 
Group would consider and, to the extent possible, take measures available to it to discharge its obligations under 
the Loans, or facilitate the discharge of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, as the case may be, the 
imposition of sanctions on the Russian financial services sector could result in the Noteholders not receiving 
timely scheduled payments under the Notes or receiving such payments at all and/or as a consequence an Event 
of Default may occur under the Loans. Moreover, should any sector in which the Alfa Banking Group operates 
become subject to either OFAC or EU sanctions, the relevant clearing systems, brokers and other market 
participants as well as Euronext Dublin may refuse to permit trading in or otherwise facilitate transfers of the 
Notes and certain Noteholders may be unable to continue to hold the Notes as a result of applicable law or 
internal compliance requirements all of which could compound to significantly reduce the trading market for the 
Notes or may otherwise materially impact the value of the Notes. 
There may be no market for the Notes when issued 
There may not be an existing market for the Notes at the time they are issued. Further there can be no guarantee 
that a Series of the Notes will be listed or traded on any exchange. Further, if a Series of the Notes is listed or 
traded on an exchange, there can be no assurance that a liquid market will develop for the Notes, that the holders 
of the Notes will be able to sell their Notes, or that such holders will be able to sell their Notes for a price that 
reflects their value.  
Even if a market for a Series of the Notes develops, the market price of the Notes could be subject to significant 
fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated variations in the operating results of Alfa Bank’s competitors, 
adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which Alfa Bank operates, changes in 
financial estimates by securities analysts, the actual or anticipated sale of a large number of Notes and other 
factors, including those set forth in this section ”Risk Factors”.

--- Page 56 ---
47 
 
The U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act rules could materially affect the Alfa Banking Group, the 
Issuer and Noteholders  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) (the provisions 
commonly known as “FATCA”) require foreign banks and investment funds to provide information to the United 
States Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) about U.S. customers and investors. This is achieved through a 
comprehensive information reporting regime that requires “foreign financial institutions” (such as the Alfa 
Banking Group and the Issuer) to conduct diligence on their account holders and investors to determine whether 
their accounts are “U.S. accounts”, and either provide detailed information about these U.S. accounts to the IRS 
or suffer a 30 per cent. withholding tax on certain payments. Although the U.S. Treasury Department has released 
final regulations clarifying the statutory language of FATCA, these regulations do not currently provide guidance 
on a number of issues. Accordingly, the scope and application of FATCA are uncertain at this time. It is possible 
that FATCA could operate to impose U.S. withholding tax on payments to the Alfa Banking Group and the Issuer 
in respect of certain types of income from sources in the United States and, subject to the proposed regulations 
discussed below, of gross proceeds from the disposition of, among other things, securities that give rise to United 
States source income, if the Alfa Banking Group or the Issuer (as the case may be) is not compliant with FATCA, 
and, subject to the proposed regulations discussed below, (a) certain “passthru payments” to the Alfa Banking 
Group and the Issuer, if the Alfa Banking Group or the Issuer (as the case may be) are not compliant with FATCA, 
or (b) certain “passthru payments” from the Issuer to certain Noteholders, if the Issuer is FATCA compliant but 
the payee, including any paying agent is not FATCA compliant. Proposed regulations eliminate withholding under 
FATCA on payments of gross proceeds entirely. Taxpayers may generally rely on these proposed regulations until 
final Treasury Regulations are issued. With respect to the withholding on “passthru payments”, obligations that 
are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and do not lack a stated expiration or 
term) issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which applicable final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered,” unless 
the obligations are materially modified (including if the Issuer substitutes another entity as issuer of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition 10.3 after such date. Under proposed regulations, any withholding on foreign passthru 
payments on Notes that are not otherwise grandfathered would apply to passthru payments made on or after the 
date that is two years after the date of publication in the U.S. Federal Register of applicable final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments. Taxpayers may generally rely on these proposed regulations until final 
Treasury Regulations are issued. The United States have entered into intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with 
many non-U.S. jurisdictions implementing FATCA, which may change the application of FATCA described 
above.  
By purchasing the Notes, Noteholders agree to provide an IRS form W-9 or W-8 (as applicable), and whatever 
other information may be necessary for the Alfa Banking Group and the Issuer to comply with these reporting 
obligations. If an amount of, or in respect of withholding tax under FATCA or any IGA were to be deducted or 
withheld from interest or other payments on the Notes as a result of an investor’s failure to comply with these 
rules, none of the Alfa Banking Group, the Issuer or any paying agent nor any other person would be required to 
pay additional amounts with respect to any Notes as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax.  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes, and the holders of the Notes is 
uncertain at this time. Investors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding the 
possible implications of FATCA with respect to an investment in the Notes. 
An investment in the Notes is subject to ERISA restrictions 
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be regarded for purposes of ERISA (as defined below under 
the section entitled “Certain ERISA Considerations”), as equity interests in a separate entity whose sole asset is 
the Loan corresponding with that Series. Accordingly, the Notes should not be acquired by any Benefit Plan 
Investor (as defined below under the section entitled “Certain ERISA Considerations”). Each purchaser and/or 
holder of Notes and each transferee therefore will be deemed to have made representations that it is not a Benefit 
Plan Investor. Potential purchasers should read the sections entitled “Certain ERISA Considerations” and 
“Transfer Restrictions”.  
Ratings of the Notes may be limited 
The credit ratings of Alfa Bank may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure and other 
factors on any trading market for, or trading value of, the Notes. In addition, real or anticipated changes in Alfa 
Bank’s credit ratings will generally affect any trading market for, or trading value of, the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. There is no assurance that a credit rating will remain for any given period of time or that a credit rating 
will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. The 
impact of other activities that Alfa Bank undertakes, including increases in its debt levels, mergers and

--- Page 57 ---
48 
 
acquisitions, could also result in future declines in its credit ratings. In the event that a credit rating assigned to 
the Notes or Alfa Bank is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes, and the market value of the Notes is likely to 
be adversely affected. 
In general, European-regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Where a Series of Notes is rated, the rating assigned to the Notes and 
details of the relevant rating agency will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Series Prospectus. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
or the Series Prospectus. 
Interest rate benchmarks for Floating Rate Notes may be subject to regulatory scrutiny and reform 
The benchmark to be used to determine the rate of interest under Floating Rate Notes may be subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and reform. For example, on 27 July 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which 
regulates “ICE LIBOR” (“LIBOR”), announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit 
rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement indicates that 
the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. These reforms may 
cause such or other benchmarks to perform differently than they performed in the past or to be discontinued 
entirely and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could adversely 
affect the determination of the rate of interest under Floating Rate Notes and could therefore materially adversely 
affect the market value of an investment in such Notes.  
Any of the proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of interest rate benchmarks could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of certain 
benchmarks. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Russian Roubles 
For investors (a) holding Russian Rouble Notes through (i) DTC who have not made an irrevocable election to 
receive payment in Russian Roubles and (ii) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg who have made an 
irrevocable election to receive payment in US dollars or (b) whose Russian Rouble Notes are represented by 
Definitive Notes (as defined in “Provisions Relating to the Notes in Global Form”) and who have made an 
irrevocable election to receive a forthcoming payment of principal or interest on the Notes in US dollars, the 
Principal Paying Agent will subject to its having received the Exchange Amount (as defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”), pursuant to and subject to Condition 7.8, purchase the required US dollars, using the 
Exchange Amount received in accordance with the Loan Agreement, at a purchase price calculated on the basis 
of the Applicable Exchange Rate (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and transfer the purchased 
amount in US dollars to the Noteholder’s U.S. dollar account. If for any reason, the Principal Paying Agent 
cannot purchase US dollars, the relevant payment of interest or principal will be made to the relevant Noteholder 
in Russian Roubles, as more fully described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Condition 7.8 Currency 
Exchange Option”. 
The Applicable Exchange Rate that the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to exchange Russian Roubles into US 
dollars shall be the internal foreign exchange conversion rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment 
which the Principal Paying Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner uses to convert Russian Roubles 
into US dollars at the request of its other customers. 
No assurance can be given that the amount of US dollars received by an investor who elects to receive a payment 
of principal or interest in respect of the Notes in US dollars will be equal to the amount of US dollars that the 
investor could have realised in the foreign exchange market if the interest or principal payment made on the 
investor’s Notes were instead paid directly to the investor in Russian Roubles and the investor had converted the 
Russian Roubles into US dollars. The Principal Paying Agent will not be liable to any person for any losses 
resulting from application by the Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. In addition, even if

--- Page 58 ---
49 
 
Noteholders make an irrevocable election to receive a payment on the Notes in US dollars, if the Principal Paying 
Agent cannot, for any reason, purchase US dollars with the Russian Roubles that have been paid by the Borrower 
in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement in respect of any payment of principal or interest, 
Noteholders will receive Russian Roubles in respect of such payment of principal or interest. 
Due to the relative lack of experience of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with settling, clearing and 
trading Rouble-denominated debt instruments, there can be no assurance that the clearing, settlement and trading 
of the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in the same manner as the 
clearing, settlement and trading of US. Dollar or Euro-denominated instruments. 
Holders of Russian Rouble Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg who have not elected 
to receive payments in US dollars pursuant to the Conditions will be required to open and maintain a Rouble-
denominated bank account. There are significant practical difficulties associated with opening Rouble-
denominated bank accounts outside the Russian Federation, and no assurance can be given that holders will be 
able either to open or maintain an offshore Rouble bank account. Such holders of Notes who do not open and 
maintain a Rouble-denominated bank account will be unable to transfer from their accounts at Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg the Russian Rouble payments made on the Notes or any Russian Rouble proceeds 
realised from the sale of their Notes. 
Furthermore, Noteholders whose interests in the Russian Rouble Notes are represented by the Rule 144A Global 
Notes and who hold their Notes through a sub-account in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg may not have 
the option to elect to receive payments on the Notes in Russian Roubles as Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg may not provide such option in practice in such circumstances.  
Alfa Bank’s payments under any Loan may be subject to withholding tax 
As a general rule, interest payments on borrowed funds made by a Russian legal entity or organisation to a non-
resident legal entity or organisation that has no registered presence and/or no permanent establishment and/or no 
tax residency in Russia are subject to Russian withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. (or such other tax rate as 
may be effective at the time of payment), unless such withholding tax is reduced or eliminated pursuant to the 
terms of an applicable double tax treaty subject to treaty clearance formalities to be satisfied by the foreign legal 
entity in a timely fashion and provided that the foreign interest income recipient can qualify as person having the 
actual right to income as defined in the Russian tax legislation. 
Generally, no withholding tax obligations should arise on interest on debt obligations owed by a Russian borrower 
in connection with the issuance of traded bonds by a foreign entity (a “Eurobond structure”) by virtue of a specific 
exemption envisaged by the Russian Tax Code. In particular, the Russian Tax Code provides that Russian 
borrowers should be fully released from the obligation to withhold income tax from interest and other payments 
on debt obligations owed to foreign entities provided that certain conditions are met throughout the term of such 
debt obligations and the notes. See “Taxation — Russian Federation”.  
Importantly, the Russian Tax Code does not provide for the exemption to the foreign interest income recipients 
from Russian withholding tax. However there is currently no requirement and mechanism in the Russian tax 
legislation for foreign income recipients - legal entities to self-assess and pay the tax on the Russian-source income 
to the Russian tax authorities in case the tax was not withheld at source. The Russian Ministry of Finance has 
acknowledged in an information letter published on its website that the release of Russian companies from the 
obligation to act as a tax agent means, in effect, that tax at source within Russia should not arise in connection 
with Eurobonds, since there is neither a mechanism nor obligation for a non-resident to independently calculate 
and pay such tax. There can be no assurance that rules on self-assessment and payment of the respective 
withholding taxes by non-residents will not be introduced in the future or that the Russian tax authorities would 
not change their position on the matter in connection with Eurobond structures or would not make attempts to 
collect the tax from the foreign income recipients including the Issuer, the Noteholder (as such term is defined in 
the section ”Taxation — Russian Federation”) and/or the Trustee. 
If interest and/or any other amounts due under any Loan become payable to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed, 
there is some residual uncertainty whether the Trustee can qualify for the “entity authorized to receive interest 
income payable on traded bonds” and, hence, whether the release from the obligation to withhold income tax from 
interest and other payments on any Loan would be available under the Russian Tax Code to Alfa Bank. See 
“Taxation — Russian Federation”. There is a potential risk that Russian withholding tax in respect of payments 
of interest and some other amounts to the Trustee at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be in 
force at the time of payment) or, potentially, with respect to non-resident individual Noteholders Russian personal 
income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate that may be effective at the time of payment) may be 
deducted by Alfa Bank upon making such payments to the Trustee. While the tax treaty benefits are available to 
the beneficial owners of income only, it is not expected that under such circumstances the Trustee will, or will be 
able to, claim the Russian withholding tax exemption or reduction under any applicable double tax treaty due to

--- Page 59 ---
50 
 
the nature of its functions. In addition, while some Non-Resident Noteholders may be eligible for an exemption 
from or a reduction in Russian withholding tax, as applicable, under the respective double tax treaties entered into 
between their countries of tax residence and Russia, where such treaties exist and to the extent they are applicable, 
there can be no assurance that such exemption or reduction would be available for them in practice under such 
circumstances. 
Many countries, including Russia, has signed the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related 
Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the “MLI”). The MLI sets forth additional requirements 
for the application of double taxation treaty benefits, including the reduced tax rates. It is expected that changes to 
specific bilateral treaties would come into effect after the parties to the treaties deposit their instruments of 
ratification, accepting or approving of the MLI, subject to an additional phase-in period. There is a risk that the 
MLI-related changes might negatively affect the availability of certain double taxation treaty benefits to Non-
Resident Noteholders that are tax residents in such countries. 
 If the interest payments or any other amounts due under any Loan become subject to Russian withholding tax 
or interest payments on any Series of the Notes become subject to any withholding or deduction for the account 
of Irish taxes (as a result of which the Issuer will reduce payments under the Notes by the amount of such 
withholding taxes), Alfa Bank will, in certain circumstances, be obliged under the terms of the relevant Loan 
Agreement to increase the interest payments or to make such additional payments, as may be necessary, so that 
the net amounts received by the Issuer and the Noteholders will not be less than the amounts they would have 
received in the absence of such withholding. There is a risk that gross-up for the Russian withholding tax may 
not take place insofar as Russian law is concerned and that payments made by Alfa Bank under the relevant Loan 
Agreement will be reduced by the amount of the Russian income tax withheld by Alfa Bank at the rate of 20 per 
cent. (or such other rate as may be in force at the time of payment) or, potentially, with respect to Non-Resident 
Noteholders – Individuals Russian personal income tax withheld by Alfa Bank at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such 
other rate as may be in force at the time of payment). If Alfa Bank is obliged to increase any payments on the 
relevant Loan or to make additional payments on the relevant Loan as described above, it may (without premium 
of penalty), subject to certain conditions, prepay the relevant Loan in full. In such case, all outstanding Notes 
corresponding to such received prepayment would be redeemable at par together with accrued and unpaid interest 
and additional amounts, if any, to the date of redemption. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and 
“Taxation”. 
Tax might be withheld on disposals of the Notes in Russia, reducing their value 
Where proceeds from the sale or other disposal of the Notes (including proceeds attributable to accrued and paid 
interest on the Notes) are deemed to be received from a source within Russia by a Non-Resident Noteholder - 
Individual a Russian personal income tax at a tax rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as could be effective 
at the time of such sale or other disposal) will apply to the gross amount of the proceeds realized upon such sale 
or other disposal of the Notes decreased by duly documented cost deductions (including the acquisition cost of the 
Notes and other documented expenses related to the acquisition, holding and the sale or other disposal of the 
Notes), provided that the Notes qualify as securities under Russian and applicable foreign law and duly executed 
documentation supporting cost deductions is made available in a timely manner to the tax agent that is obliged to 
calculate and withhold Russian personal income tax. 
Although technically Russian personal income tax rate on proceeds from disposition of the Notes may be reduced 
or eliminated based on provisions of an applicable double tax treaty entered into between Russia and the country 
of tax residency of a particular Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual subject to timely compliance by that Non-
Resident Noteholder-Individual with the treaty clearance formalities, in practice such Non-Resident Noteholders 
- Individuals may not be able to obtain the advance treaty relief in relation to sales or disposal proceeds and/or 
accrued interest income, as may be relevant, received from a source within Russia. Obtaining a refund of Russian 
personal income taxes that were excessively withheld in relation to this income can be difficult, or impossible in 
some cases. 
The tax may be withheld at source by any legal entity being a Russian tax resident, Russian representative office 
or a Russian branch of a foreign organization, or an individual entrepreneur paying proceeds from the sale or other 
disposal of the Notes to the Non-Resident Noteholder—Individual (such party would be considered as a tax agent 
for Russian tax purposes). 
Generally, there should be no Russian tax on gains from the sale or other disposal of the Notes imposed on a Non-
Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity. However, there is some uncertainty regarding the tax treatment of the portion 
of the sale or disposal proceeds, if any, attributable to accrued interest (coupon) on the Notes (i.e. debt obligations) 
where proceeds from the sale or other disposal of the Notes are received from a source within Russia by a Non-
Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity. The uncertainty is driven by isolated instances in which the Russian tax 
authorities challenged the non-application of Russian tax to the amount of accrued interest (coupon) included in

--- Page 60 ---
51 
 
the sale price of Eurobonds. Although the Russian Ministry of Finance in its most recent clarification letters opined 
that the amount of sale or other disposal proceeds attributable to the accrued interest on Eurobonds payable to a 
non-Russian organization should not be regarded as Russian source income and on this basis should not be subject 
to taxation in Russia, there remains a possibility that a Russian entity or a foreign entity having registered tax 
presence in Russia which purchases the Notes from the Non-Resident Noteholder Legal Entity or acts as an 
intermediary for other persons may seek to assess Russian withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other 
rate as could be effective at the time of such sale or other disposal) on the accrued interest portion of the disposal 
proceeds of the Notes. 
While some Non-Resident Noteholders might be eligible for an exemption from or a reduction in Russian 
withholding tax under applicable double tax treaties, there is no assurance that such exemption or reduction will 
be available in practice. 
The imposition or possibility of imposition of this withholding tax, as applicable, under such circumstances could 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. See “Taxation — Russian Federation”. 
Definitive Notes will not be issued in integral multiplies of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of EUR100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent) that 
are not integral multiples of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.

--- Page 61 ---
52 
 
 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS  
The Issuer and Alfa Bank are legal entities organised under the laws of Ireland and the Russian Federation 
respectively. Most of the directors and executive officers of any of the Issuer or Alfa Bank are not residents of the 
United Kingdom or the United States, and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and Alfa Bank and 
such persons are located outside the United Kingdom and the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for 
investors and the Trustee to enforce against Alfa Bank court judgments obtained in English or U.S. courts. 
Judgments rendered by a court in any jurisdiction outside Russia will generally be recognised by courts in Russia 
only if (a) an international treaty exists between Russia and the country where the judgment was rendered providing 
for the recognition of judgments in civil cases and/or (b) a federal law of Russia providing for the recognition and 
enforcement of foreign court judgments is adopted and/or (c) on the basis of reciprocity and (or) comity. No such 
federal law has been passed, and no such treaty exists, between Russia, on the one hand, and the United States or 
the United Kingdom, on the other hand. While Russian courts have recognised and enforced English and Dutch 
court judgments on grounds of reciprocity, the existence of reciprocity must be established at the time the 
recognition and enforcement of a foreign judgment is sought, and it is not possible to predict whether a Russian 
court will in the future recognise and enforce on the basis of reciprocity a judgment issued by a foreign court. Even 
if an applicable international treaty is in effect or a foreign judgment might otherwise be recognised and enforced 
on the basis of reciprocity and (or) comity, the recognition and enforcement of a foreign judgment will in all events 
be subject to exceptions and limitations provided for in Russian law. For example, a Russian court may refuse to 
recognise or enforce a foreign judgment if its recognition or enforcement would contradict Russian public policy. 
Therefore, foreign judgments against Russian subsidiaries or Russian assets may not be enforced or their 
enforcement may require completion of the complicated procedures specified above. In addition, in the absence of 
established court practice, it is difficult to predict whether a Russian court will be inclined in any particular instance 
to recognise and enforce an English court judgment on these grounds. Furthermore, Russian courts have limited 
experience in the enforcement of foreign court judgments. 
The Dealer Agreement, the Facility Agreement and the Paying Agency Agreement each provides that any dispute 
between the parties thereto may be finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the LCIA Rules, with the seat 
of such arbitration being in London, England. The United Kingdom and the Russian Federation are parties to the 
New York Convention on the Enforcement and Recognition of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the “New York 
Convention”). Consequently, an arbitral award from an arbitral tribunal in London, England should generally be 
recognised and enforced in the Russian Federation on the basis of the rules of the New York Convention, subject 
to qualifications set out therein and in compliance with applicable Russian legislation. However, it may be difficult 
to enforce arbitral awards in the Russian Federation due to the relative inexperience of the Russian courts in 
international commercial transactions and official and unofficial political resistance to the enforcement of awards 
against Russian companies in favour of foreign investors. This could introduce delay and unpredictability into the 
process of enforcing such awards by Russian courts. 
Moreover, the arbitrazh procedural code of the Russian Federation (the “Arbitrazh Procedural Code”) 
establishes the procedure for Russian courts to refuse to recognise and enforce such arbitral award. The Arbitrazh 
Procedural Code and other Russian procedural legislation could change; therefore, inter alia, other grounds for 
Russian courts to refuse the recognition and enforcement of foreign courts’ judgments and foreign arbitral awards 
could arise in the future. In practice, reliance upon international treaties may meet with resistance or a lack of 
understanding on the part of a Russian court or other officials, thereby introducing delay and unpredictability into 
the process of enforcing any foreign judgment or any foreign arbitral award in the Russian Federation. 
Additionally, the Arbitrazh Procedural Code provides that in certain circumstances Russian courts might have, as 
a matter of Russian law, exclusive jurisdiction over disputes involving a Russian party subject to sanctions or other 
form of restrictive measures and over disputes concerning such sanction or other form of restrictive measure. In 
such circumstances, a foreign court or arbitral tribunal might decline jurisdiction; it could lead to refusal by Russian 
courts to recognize and enforce the relevant arbitral award or foreign court judgment; a Russian court might assert 
jurisdiction over the dispute notwithstanding any arbitration or jurisdiction agreement to the contrary; and/or a 
Russian court might issue an injunction prohibiting resolution of any dispute outside of the Russian courts. If an 
injunction is granted, the Russian courts can award damages for violation of this injunction in an amount not 
exceeding the value of the claim considered by the tribunal.

--- Page 62 ---
53 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer and Alfa Bank will, in connection with the listing and admission of the Notes to trading on Euronext 
Dublin, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin. 
The Issuer and Alfa Bank may agree with any Dealer that a Series of Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions herein, in which event a Series Prospectus or supplemental Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be published which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
The Issuer and Alfa Bank may agree with any Dealer the form of any future Subordinated Loan Agreement, in 
which event a Series Prospectus will be published for use in connection with any subsequent issue of any 
Subordinated Series to be listed on Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 63 ---
54 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
IFRS Financial Information of the Alfa Banking Group 
The Alfa Banking Group interim financial information as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 
set out in this Base Prospectus has, except where expressly stated otherwise and subject to rounding, been derived 
from or calculated based on the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of ABH Financial 
as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 prepared in accordance with the International Accounting Standard 
34, Interim Financial Reporting, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, together with the 
report on review, are set out on pages F-2– F-33 (the “2021 ABH Financial Consolidated Interim Financial 
Information”). 
The Alfa Banking Group annual ﬁnancial information as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
set out in this Base Prospectus has, except where noted otherwise and subject to rounding, been derived from or 
calculated based on the audited consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with IFRS of ABH Financial as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as issued by the IASB, together with the independent auditor’s report are set on pages F-34 – F-145 of this Base 
Prospectus (the “2020 ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements”). The 2021 ABH Financial 
Consolidated Interim Financial Information together with the 2020 ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements are herein collectively referred to as the “ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements”. 
The ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial results of ABH Financial and its 
subsidiaries in addition to Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries, including the financial results of subsidiaries of ABH 
Financial that are not part of the Alfa Bank Group. While a substantial portion of the revenues, expenses, cash 
flows, assets and liabilities set out in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements are attributable to the 
Alfa Bank Group, the financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus derived from the ABH 
Financial Consolidated Financial Statements may not be wholly representative of the business, financial condition 
or results of operations of the Alfa Bank Group and should not be read as a direct reflection of the performance of 
the Alfa Bank Group. The financial information contained in this Base Prospectus does not highlight the extent to 
which the revenues, assets, liabilities, expenses and cash flows of the Alfa Banking Group are generated by the 
Alfa Bank Group. However, Alfa Bank believes that the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus 
provides the information that would be material to an investor when assessing the financial condition of Alfa Bank 
and the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
ABH Financial is the indirect parent company of Alfa Bank. Alfa Bank is the sole borrower under each Loan 
Agreement and its obligations and liabilities thereunder are not guaranteed or otherwise indemnified or supported 
by ABH Financial or any of ABH Financial’s other subsidiaries. ABH Financial will not guarantee the Notes and 
has no obligation with respect to the Notes. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Financial Information 
Presented in this Base Prospectus – The financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus has been 
derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and not from the financial statements of Alfa 
Bank” and “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Financial Information Presented in this Base Prospectus – The 
financial statements for Alfa Bank provided elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have not been prepared in 
accordance with the international accounting standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002”. 
Russian legislation requires that Alfa Bank prepares and publishes consolidated financial statements presented in 
Roubles and in the Russian language on an annual and quarterly basis in accordance with Russian standards for 
the preparation of consolidated financial statements. Such financial statements, which are available on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s website for a period of three years from the date of publication, have not been included in this 
Base Prospectus on the basis that the Alfa Banking Group’s management believes that the consolidated financial 
statements of ABH Financial, which have been historically used for purposes of reporting and monitoring Alfa 
Bank’s consolidated financial results, are more appropriate for this purpose. 
The IFRS consolidated financial statements of ABH Financial as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
included in this Base Prospectus have been audited by AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, independent 
accountants, as stated in their report appearing herein (the “Independent Auditor’s Report”). With respect to the 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of ABH Financial as of and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020 included in this Base Prospectus, AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit reported that they 
applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information (the 
“Report on Review”). As stated in the Report on Review included at page F-4 of this Base Prospectus, AO 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit has not audited and do not express an opinion on the unaudited interim condensed 
consolidated financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information should 
be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit is

--- Page 64 ---
55 
 
a member of Self-regulatory organization of auditors Association “Sodruzhestvo”, Principal Registration Number 
of the Record in the Register of Auditors and Audit organizations - 12006020338. 
RAR Financial Information of Alfa Bank 
The consolidated financial statements of Alfa Bank prepared in accordance with RAR as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020, together with the independent auditor’s report (the “Alfa Bank 2020 RAR Financial 
Statements”), are set out on pages F-146 through F-158 of this Base Prospectus. The consolidated financial 
statements of Alfa Bank prepared in accordance with RAR as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
together with the independent auditor’s report (the “Alfa Bank 2019 RAR Financial Statements”), are set out on 
pages F-159 through F-170 of this Base Prospectus. The Alfa Bank 2020 RAR Financial Statements, the Alfa 
Bank 2019 RAR Financial Statements herein collectively referred to as the “Alfa Bank RAR Financial 
Statements”. The Alfa Bank RAR Financial Statements have been audited by FBK, LLC, independent auditors, 
a member of the Self-regulatory organization of auditors Association “Sodruzhestvo”. Investors are strongly 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Alfa Bank RAR Financial Statements, which are included herein 
solely due to a requirement under the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of April 2004. RAR differs in 
certain material respect from IFRS, as more fully set out below.  
Summary of the material differences between IFRS and RAR 
The following is a summary of the material differences between IFRS and RAR applicable to banks as at 
31 December 2020. The Issuer and Alfa Bank confirm that the following summary covers all major differences 
between RAR and IFRS in relation to Alfa Bank. As at 31 December 2020 and subsequently, respective authorities 
may have issued a number of new IFRS and RAR pronouncements which may have a significant impact on the 
future comparison between IFRS and RAR. New IFRS pronouncements are effective for ABH Financial’s or Alfa 
Bank’s annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021. Please note that the following summary does not 
address the consequences of any such new IFRS and RAR pronouncements or their potential impact on the 
differences between IFRS and RAR applicable to banks and on ABH Financial’s or Alfa Bank’s financial 
statements. The regulatory bodies for the promulgation of IFRS and RAR are in the process of undertaking 
significant reviews of IFRS and RAR, the results of which could have a material bearing on the accuracy of this 
comparison in the future. If an analysis of such new pronouncements had been performed, additional accounting 
and disclosure differences between IFRS and RAR might have been identified in this summary. 
Alfa Bank prepares its published audited financial statements in accordance with RAR. RAR have historically 
been prepared largely to comply with regulatory requirements. 
As at 31 December 2020, the key differences are: 
Presentation and disclosure of financial statements 
Presentation and disclosure of RAR financial statements are prescribed by the CBR requirements, while IFRS 
financial statements are prepared in accordance with IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”.  
Functional currency 
RAR prescribe the functional and presentation currency of banks to be only Roubles. Under IFRS the functional 
currency of each entity is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. IAS 21 
“The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates” includes detailed guidance for determining the appropriate 
functional currency based on facts and circumstances. Financial statements may be translated for presentation 
purposes from the functional currency to any other currency or currencies. 
The financial information set out in this Base Prospectus with respect to Alfa Bank has not been prepared in 
accordance with the international accounting standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and there would have been material differences in the financial information of 
Alfa Bank had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to Alfa Bank’s historical financial information. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures, which precede them. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 together, in each case, with the audit report 
thereon which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. The 
audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
can be accessed through the following links:

--- Page 65 ---
56 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202109/70c76b45-
338f-4088-897d-a71917e19908.PDF  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Alfa+Bond+FS+Dec+2019+-
+with+signed+audit+opinion_1c27d942-1bf7-4301-94d1-440f1b1e9f59.pdf 
Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The documents incorporated herein by reference 
have been filed with the Central Bank.  
The financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were audited 
by Grant Thornton.  
Impact of New Accounting Standards and reclassifications 
From time to time, the Alfa Banking Group adopts new accounting pronouncements and changes presentation of 
information in its consolidated financial statements. As a result, presentation of some information for the same 
period or as at the same date may differ in consolidated financial statements from different periods.  
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, the following currency terms are used: 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “€” means the lawful currency of participating member states of the European Union, as 
contemplated by the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“£” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
“Rouble” or “RUB” means the lawful currency of the Russian Federation; and 
“U.S. dollar” or “U.S.$” means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
Average Balances, Average Interest Rates and Effective Interest Rates  
This Base Prospectus includes information on the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest bearing 
liabilities of the Alfa Banking Group for the six months ended 30 June 2021, the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 as well as the average interest rate of interest income or expense for such assets and liabilities. The 
average balances for interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are determined as the average of the 
beginning, middle and end of year balances as appropriate. These average balances would likely be different if 
more frequent averaging methods were used and such differences could be material. The average interest rates 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus are calculated by dividing aggregate interest income or expense for the relevant 
line item by the average balance for the same item for applicable period and, in relation to rates for the semi-annual 
periods, by annualisation through multiplication by 2. Average interest rates are distinct from the effective interest 
rates presented in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and referred to elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. The effective interest method is a method of allocating interest income or interest expense over the 
relevant period so as to achieve a constant periodic rate of interest (effective interest rate) on the carrying amount. 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts (excluding 
future credit losses) through the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, if appropriate, to the 
net carrying amount of the financial instrument. The effective interest rate discounts cash flows of variable interest 
instruments to the next interest re-pricing date except for the premium or discount, which reflects the credit spread 
over the floating rate specified in the instrument, or other variables that are not reset to market rates. Such 
premiums or discounts are amortized over the whole expected life of the instrument. The present value calculation 
includes all fees paid or received between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest 
rate.  
IFRS requires that effective interest rates be used in the preparation of IFRS compliant consolidated financial 
statements. The Alfa Banking Group utilises both the effective interest rate and the average interest rate for its 
management’s monitoring of operational results and effectiveness.  
These average interest rate measures are not defined under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles, 
nor should they be considered as substitutes for the information contained in the ABH Financial Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

--- Page 66 ---
57 
 
Non-IFRS measures  
Combined Key Ratios, Profitability Ratios, Balance Sheet Ratios, Capital Adequacy and Credit Quality ratios 
(collectively, “Non-IFRS measures”) are presented because the Alfa Banking Group considers them an important 
supplemental measure of the Alfa Banking Group’s operating performance and financial position and believes 
they are commonly used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies 
in the Alfa Banking Group’s industry. Non-IFRS measures have limitations, and they should not be considered in 
isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of the Alfa Banking Group’s operating results and financial position as 
reported under IFRS. The Alfa Banking Group compensates for the limitations of Non-IFRS measures by relying 
primarily on its IFRS operating results and using Non-IFRS measures only supplementally. See the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements and information for ABH Financial included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Market and official data 
The Alfa Banking Group has derived substantially all of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
concerning its competitors from publicly available information, and it has relied on the accuracy of this information 
without independent verification. In addition, some of the information contained in this Base Prospectus has been 
derived from the official data of the Russian Government agencies and the CBR. The official data published by 
Russian federal, regional and local governments is substantially less complete or researched than those of Western 
countries, and the veracity of some official data released by the Russian Government may be questionable. Official 
statistics, including those produced by the CBR, may also be produced on different bases than those used in 
Western countries. Any discussion of matters relating to Russia in this Base Prospectus must, therefore, be subject 
to uncertainty due to concerns about the completeness or reliability of available official and public information. 
Such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Alfa Banking Group is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduce information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 67 ---
58 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are not historical facts and constitute “forward-looking statements”. 
Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “estimates,” 
“intends,” “plans,” “will,” “may” and similar expressions, but these expressions are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements appear, without limitation, under the headings “Overview 
of Alfa Banking Group”, “Risk Factors”, “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group” and 
“Description of the Alfa Banking Group”. Alfa Bank may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking 
statements in reports to its investors and in other communications. Examples of such forward-looking statements 
include, but are not limited to: 
• 
statements of Alfa Bank’s plans, objectives or goals, including those related to its strategy, products or 
services; 
• 
statements of future economic performance; and 
• 
statements of assumptions underlying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements that may be made by Alfa Bank from time to time (but that are not included in this 
Base Prospectus) may also include projections or expectations of revenues, income (or loss), earnings (or loss) per 
share, dividends, capital structure or other financial items or ratios. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that the predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not 
be achieved. Prospective investors should be aware that a number of important factors could cause actual results 
to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-
looking statements. These factors include: 
• 
inflation, interest rate and exchange rate fluctuations in Russia; 
• 
the ability of Alfa Bank to refinance its indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all; 
• 
the health of the Russian economy, including the Russian banking sector and consumer confidence; 
• 
any future expansion plans of Alfa Bank and the likelihood of such plans being successfully implemented; 
• 
the effects of, and changes in, the policy of the Russian Government, laws, regulations, taxation or 
accounting standards or practices in Russia, in particular, regulations promulgated by the CBR; 
• 
the effects of competition in the geographic and business areas in which Alfa Bank conducts its operations; 
• 
Alfa Bank’s ability to manage its loan portfolio and overall asset quality; 
• 
Alfa Bank’s ability to increase market share for its products and services and control expenses; 
• 
the management of the growth of Alfa Bank’s business, assets and liabilities; 
• 
the ability of Alfa Bank to adapt its products and services to new technologies;  
• 
Alfa Bank’s success at managing the risks associated with the aforementioned factors; and 
• 
the effects of Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures, including lockdowns and travel 
restrictions, stability of the international and domestic financial markets, economic conditions in Russia 
and other countries, the Alfa Banking Group’s business and operations and the Alfa Banking Group’s 
employees, customers and counterparties. 
This list of important factors is not exhaustive. When relying on forward-looking statements, prospective investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, especially in light of the 
political, economic, social and legal environment in which Alfa Bank operates. Such forward-looking statements 
speak only as at the date on which they are made, and are not subject to any continuing obligations under the listing 
guidelines of Euronext Dublin. Accordingly, Alfa Bank does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any 
of them, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Alfa Bank does not make any 
representation, warranty or prediction that the results anticipated by such forward-looking statements will be 
achieved, and such forward-looking statements represent, in each case, only one of many possible scenarios and 
should not be viewed as the most likely or standard scenario.

--- Page 68 ---
59 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP 
The following summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the more 
detailed information and the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves risks. The information set forth under “Risk Factors” should be 
carefully considered. Certain statements in this Base Prospectus include forward looking statements that also 
involve risks and uncertainties as described under “Forward-Looking Statements”.  
The Alfa Banking Group 
The Alfa Banking Group, of which Alfa Bank is a key part, is the largest privately-owned Russian banking group 
that offers a wide range of banking products and services principally in the Russian Federation, and conducts 
certain banking operations and financial services in the Netherlands and Cyprus. The Alfa Banking Group has 
three main segments:  
 
Corporate and investment banking, which provides a broad range of commercial and investment banking 
services and products, including corporate lending, leasing, corporate deposit services, factoring, trade 
finance operations, structured corporate lending, securities trading, debt and equity capital markets, 
derivatives, structured financing, foreign exchange trading, corporate finance and merger and acquisition 
advisory services to large corporations and MSME, and other financial institutions. As at 
31 December 2019, the Alfa Banking Group has separated medium, small and micro banking business into 
new reportable segment in accordance with IFRS standards; 
 
Retail banking, which provides a wide range of retail banking services, including retail demand accounts, 
term deposit services, credit and debit card services, lending (including consumer loans, personal instalment 
loans, credit card lending, car loans and mortgages), money transfers and private banking services to 
individuals; and  
 
Treasury operations, which manage the Alfa Banking Group’s own funding activities and internal funding 
reallocation, liquidity and risk management activities and investment in liquid assets, as well as short-term 
money market and promissory note operations.  
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had 491 offices (including branches, regional branches and outlets), 
most of which were operated by Alfa-Bank, compared to 486 offices as at 31 December 2020.  
According to surveys conducted by Banki.ru on the basis of RAR financial statements, as at 30 June 2021, Alfa 
Bank was the Russian Federation’s fifth largest bank in terms of assets and fourth largest bank in terms equity and 
loans, as well as the largest privately-owned bank in terms of assets, loans and equity.  
Alfa Bank is also the largest Russian privately-owned bank by retail demand deposits, with a 9.78 per cent. and 
9.82 per cent. market shares of retail demand deposits by value as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
respectively, according to calculations by Alfa Bank based on published CBR statistics. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had total assets of U.S.$66,767 million, total equity of U.S.$9,566 
million, net loans and advances to customers of U.S.$45,740 million and customer accounts totalling U.S.$47,294 
million, compared to total assets of U.S.$61,850 million, total equity of U.S.$8,671 million, net loans and advances 
to customers of U.S.$41,258 million and customer accounts totalling U.S.$43,708 million, respectively as at 
31 December 2020.  
Credit Ratings of ABH Financial  
ABH Financial is rated by two internationally-recognised rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. These 
ratings have been prepared by such rating agencies based on the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements. On 13 February 2015, Fitch downgraded ABH Financial’s long-term foreign currency IDR from 
“BB+” to “BB” with a negative outlook. On 27 June 2016, Fitch affirmed Alfa Bank’s long-term IDR at “BB+” 
and ABH Financial’s IDR at “BB” with negative outlooks. On 9 October 2019 Fitch Ratings affirmed Alfa Bank’s 
IDR at “BB+” and ABH Financial’s IDR at “BB” with positive outlooks. On 4 February 2015, Standard & Poor’s 
downgraded ABH Financial to “B+/B” with a negative outlook. On 1 June 2016, ABH Financial’s long-term and 
short-term credit ratings were confirmed at “B+/B” and the outlook was changed from “negative” to “stable”. On 
20 February 2017, ABH Financial’s long-term and short-term credit ratings were confirmed at “B+/B” and 
changed the outlook from “stable” to positive. On 24 April 2019 Standard & Poor’s raised long-term issuer credit 
rating on ABH Financial to “BB-” and affirmed the “B” short-term issuer credit rating with a stable outlook. On 
7 April 2020, Fitch affirmed the “BB” long-term and the “B” short-term issuer credit rating and changed the 
outlook to “negative”. On 28 April 2020, Standard & Poor’ affirmed the “BB-” long-term and “B” short-term 
issuer credit rating with a stable outlook. On 15 September 2020, Fitch has affirmed the long-term issuer credit 
rating of ABH Financial at “BB” and revised the outlook to “stable” from “negative”. On 1 April 2021, Fitch

--- Page 69 ---
60 
 
Ratings upgraded the long-term issuer credit rating of ABH Financial to ‘BB+’ from ‘BB’ with the “stable” outlook 
On 15 April 2021, Standard & Poor’s affirmed the “BB+/B” long- and short-term issuer credit ratings of Alfa-
Bank, revised the outlook to “positive”.  On 13 October 2021, Standard & Poor’s changed the long-term and the 
short-term issuer credit ratings of Alfa Bank from “BB+” to “BBB-” and from “B” to “A-3”, respectively, and 
revised the outlook to “stable”. 
Credit Ratings of Alfa Bank  
Alfa Bank is rated by three internationally-recognised rating agencies: Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. 
These ratings have been prepared by the rating agencies based on the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements and not on the financial statements of Alfa Bank prepared on a standalone basis. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Moody’s long-term local and foreign currency deposit rating of Alfa Bank is “Ba1/Ba1” (with a 
“stable” outlook), Standard & Poor’s long-term and short-term credit ratings for Alfa Bank are “BBB-/A-3” (with 
a “positive” outlook) and Fitch’s long-term and short-term credit ratings for Alfa Bank are “BB+/B” (with a 
“stable” outlook) See “Description of the Alfa Banking Group” for credit rating information. On 7 April 2020, 
Fitch affirmed the “BB+” long-term and the “B” short-term issuer credit rating and changed the outlook to 
“negative”. On 28 April 2020, Standard & Poor’ affirmed the “BB+” long-term and “B” short-term issuer credit 
rating with a stable outlook. On 15 September 2020, Fitch Ratings has revised Alfa-Bank’s outlook from 
“negative” to “stable” and affirmed long-term issuer default rating at “BB+”. On 1 April 2021, Fitch changed the 
long-term and the short-term issuer credit ratings of Alfa Bank from “BB+” to “BBB-” and from “B” to “F3”, 
respectively with Stable outlook. On 15 April 2021, Standard & Poor’ affirmed the ‘BB+/B’ long- and short-term 
issuer credit ratings of Alfa-Bank, revised the outlook to “positive”. On 13 October 2021, Standard & Poor’s 
changed the long-term and the short-term issuer credit ratings of Alfa Bank from “BB+” to “BBB-” and from “B” 
to “A-3”, respectively. 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and as such is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Neither of Moody’s or Fitch is established in the 
EEA. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.  
Alfa Bank is also rated by two Russian rating agencies: Analytical Credit Rating Agency (“ACRA”) and Expert 
RA. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ACRA’s rating of Alfa Bank is AA+(RU) with stable outlook, and 
Expert RA rating of Alfa Bank is ruAA+ with a stable outlook.

--- Page 70 ---
61 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The gross proceeds from each offering of a Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer for the sole purpose of 
financing the corresponding Loan to Alfa Bank. The gross proceeds of such Loan will be used by Alfa Bank for 
general corporate purposes (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Loan Agreement). In connection with the 
receipt of such Loan, Alfa Bank will pay a facility fee, as reflected in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus 
(in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series). 
Alfa Bank will ensure that the proceeds raised in connection with the offer and sale of any Notes will not directly 
or indirectly be lent, contributed or otherwise made available to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other 
person (whether or not related to Alfa-Bank) (i) for the purposes of financing the activities of any person currently 
subject to any blocking sanctions of Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury 
(“OFAC Sanctions”) or any similar sanctions imposed by the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury, the 
United Nations or any other governmental body or other relevant sanctions authority within the United States, the 
European Union or the United Kingdom, (collectively, “Other Economic Sanctions”) or operating in Cuba, Iran, 
North Korea, Syria, Sudan or the Crimea region or any other country or territory that is the subject of comparable 
comprehensive OFAC Sanctions or Other Economic Sanctions; (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation 
by any person of OFAC Sanctions or Other Economic Sanctions; (iii) for the purposes of any activity specified in 
the United States Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014, as amended, supplemented or supplanted (the “UFSA”), 
or the United States Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act of 2017, as amended, supplemented 
or supplanted (“CAATS”), as a basis for the imposition of sanctions, penalties, or any other retaliatory measures 
on any person pursuant to the UFSA and/or CAATS as a result of such person engaging in such activity.

--- Page 71 ---
62 
 
CAPITALISATION OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP 
The following table sets out the consolidated total equity and liabilities of the Alfa Banking Group as at 
30 June 2021 derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. This information should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled “Selected Consolidated 
Financial Information”, “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group” and the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements, appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
Equity 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Share capital .............................................................................................................................................  
1,265 
Perpetual instruments ...............................................................................................................................  
903 
Fair value reserve for investments at fair value through other comprehensive income ............................  
4 
Revaluation reserve for premises .............................................................................................................  
50 
Cumulative translation reserve .................................................................................................................  
(1,850) 
Retained earnings .....................................................................................................................................  
9,154 
Non-controlling interests..........................................................................................................................  
40 
Total equity.................................................................................................................................................  
9,566 
Liabilities 
 
Due to other banks ...................................................................................................................................  
2,982 
Customer accounts ...................................................................................................................................  
47,294 
Debt securities issued ...............................................................................................................................  
3,366 
Loan from State Deposit Insurance Agency .............................................................................................  
494 
Subordinated debt ....................................................................................................................................  
1,124 
Derivative financial instruments ..............................................................................................................  
547 
Other financial liabilities ..........................................................................................................................  
569 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................................................................  
532 
Deferred tax liability ................................................................................................................................  
293 
Total liabilities ............................................................................................................................................  
57,201 
Total liabilities and equity .........................................................................................................................  
66,767 
For information on significant developments after 30 June 2021, see “Recent Developments”. Except as described 
therein, there have been no material changes in the Alfa Banking Group’s capitalisation since 30 June 2021.

--- Page 72 ---
63 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables present selected consolidated financial information of the Alfa Banking Group which has 
been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements 
included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, as well as the sections entitled “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information”, “Risk Factors” and “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group”. 
The financial information set out in this Base Prospectus with respect to the Alfa Banking Group has, except where 
expressly stated otherwise, and subject to rounding, been derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements (or underlying accounting records), as appropriate, and include the financial results of ABH Financial 
and its subsidiaries in addition to Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries, including the financial results of subsidiaries of 
ABH Financial that are not part of the Alfa Bank Group. While a substantial portion of the revenues, expenses, 
cash flows, assets and liabilities set out in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements are attributable 
to Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries, the financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus derived from 
the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements (or underlying accounting records) may not be wholly 
representative of the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries and 
should not be read as a direct reflection of the performance of Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries. The financial 
information contained in this Base Prospectus does not highlight the extent to which the revenues, assets, liabilities, 
expenses and cash flows of the Alfa Banking Group are generated by Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries. However, 
Alfa Bank believes that the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus provides the information that 
would be material to an investor when assessing the financial condition of Alfa Bank and the risks associated with 
an investment in the Notes. 
ABH Financial is the indirect parent company of Alfa Bank. Alfa Bank is the sole borrower under each Loan 
Agreement and its obligations and liabilities thereunder are not guaranteed or otherwise indemnified or supported 
by ABH Financial or any of ABH Financial’s other subsidiaries. ABH Financial will not guarantee the Notes and 
has no obligation with respect to the Notes. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Financial Information 
Presented in this Base Prospectus– The financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus has been 
derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and not from the financial statements of Alfa 
Bank” and “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Financial Information Presented in this Base Prospectus– The 
financial statements for Alfa Bank have not been prepared in accordance with the international accounting 
standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002”. 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income Data of the Alfa 
Banking Group  
 
 
Six-month 
period ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 
31 December 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
 
 
 
Net Margin ...............................................................................................  
1,158 
1,107 
2,171 
2,117 
Credit loss allowance charge..................................................................  
(52) 
(511) 
(674) 
(652) 
Net margin after credit loss allowance ...................................................  
1,106 
596 
1,497 
1,465 
Fee and commission income ..................................................................  
1,029 
731 
1,685 
1,569 
Fee and commission expense .................................................................  
(256) 
(234) 
(444) 
(525) 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities ....................................  
17 
19 
32 
27 
Gains less losses arising from interest-based derivatives .......................  
3 
31 
35 
17 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies ..................................  
70 
193 
217 
(225) 
Gains less losses arising from investments ............................................  
(1) 
- 
- 
(5) 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts ........................  
(2) 
2 
(6) 
1 
Impairment of goodwill .........................................................................  
- 
- 
(7) 
(10) 
Gains less losses from investment properties .........................................  
4 
2 
(3) 
(4) 
Other provisions .....................................................................................  
(18) 
(15) 
(18) 
(30) 
Other operating income..........................................................................  
10 
6 
14 
13 
Operating expenses ................................................................................  
(750) 
(586) 
(1,282) 
(1,318) 
Profit before tax .......................................................................................  
1,212 
745 
1,720 
975 
Income tax expense ................................................................................  
(307) 
(153) 
(373) 
(271) 
Profit for the period .................................................................................  
905 
592 
1,347 
704 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period................................  
37 
(327) 
(444) 
324 
Total comprehensive income for the period ...........................................  
942 
265 
903 
1,028

--- Page 73 ---
64 
 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data of the Alfa Banking Group  
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Assets 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
 
Cash and cash equivalents .........................................................  
6,409 
6,594 
6,450  
Mandatory cash balances with central banks .............................  
494 
436 
422 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ....................  
1,118 
1,753 
1,120  
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss..................................................................  
500 
41 
3 
Due from other banks ................................................................  
5,362 
4,076 
3,542  
Loans and advances to customers ..............................................  
45,740 
41,258 
38,643  
Investments ................................................................................  
4,637 
5,273 
7,171  
Repurchase receivables relating to investments .........................  
425 
398 
 132  
Derivative financial instruments ................................................  
553 
552 
490 
Other financial assets .................................................................  
332 
257 
 234  
Other assets ................................................................................  
328 
353 
 443  
Premises and equipment and right-of-use assets ........................  
869 
859 
 816  
Total assets ....................................................................................  
66,767 
61,850 
59,466 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Due to other banks .....................................................................  
2,982 
2,826 
2,448  
Customer accounts .....................................................................  
47,294 
43,708 
41,422  
Debt securities issued.................................................................  
3,366 
3,664 
3,876  
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency .........................  
494 
452 
 470  
Subordinated debt ......................................................................  
1,124 
807 
1,566  
Derivative financial instruments ................................................  
547 
657 
661 
Other financial liabilities ...........................................................  
569 
410 
465 
Other liabilities ..........................................................................  
532 
366 
 358  
Deferred tax liability ..................................................................  
293 
289 
 58  
Total liabilities ..............................................................................  
57,201 
53,179 
51,324 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ..............................................................................  
1,265 
1,265 
1,265  
Perpetual instruments .................................................................  
903 
918 
 966  
Fair value reserve for investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ..............................................................  
 
4 
 
5 
  
5  
Revaluation reserve for premises ...............................................  
50 
51 
 45  
Cumulative translation reserve ..................................................  
(1,850) 
(1,888) 
 (1,438) 
Retained earnings .......................................................................  
9,154 
8,282 
7,258  
Non-controlling interests ...........................................................  
40 
38 
41 
Total equity ...................................................................................  
9,566 
8,671 
8,142 
Total liabilities and equity ...........................................................  
66,767 
61,850 
59,466

--- Page 74 ---
65 
 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP  
The following operating and financial review of the consolidated financial position and operating results of the 
Alfa Banking Group covers the six months ended 30 June 2021, the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year 
ended 31 December 2019. The financial information set out in this section with respect to the Alfa Banking Group 
has, except where expressly stated otherwise, and subject to rounding, been derived from the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements (or underlying accounting records), and include the financial results of ABH 
Financial and its subsidiaries in addition to Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries, including the financial results of 
subsidiaries of ABH Financial that are not part of the Alfa Bank Group. While a substantial portion of the 
revenues, expenses, cash flows, assets and liabilities set out in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements are attributable to Alfa Bank and its subsidiaries, the financial and other information included in this 
Base Prospectus derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements (or underlying accounting 
records) may not be wholly representative of the business, financial condition or results of operations of Alfa Bank 
and its subsidiaries and should not be read as a direct reflection of the performance of Alfa Bank and its 
subsidiaries. The financial information contained in this Base Prospectus does not highlight the extent to which 
the revenues, assets, liabilities, expenses and cash flows of the Alfa Banking Group are generated by Alfa Bank 
and its subsidiaries. However, Alfa Bank believes that the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus 
provides the information that would be material to an investor when assessing the financial condition of Alfa Bank 
and the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
ABH Financial is the indirect parent company of Alfa Bank. Alfa Bank is the sole borrower under each Loan 
Agreement and its obligations and liabilities thereunder are not guaranteed or otherwise indemnified or supported 
by ABH Financial or any of ABH Financial’s other subsidiaries. ABH Financial will not guarantee the Notes and 
has no obligation with respect to the Notes. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Financial Information 
Presented in this Base Prospectus – The financial and other information included in this Base Prospectus has been 
derived from the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and not from the financial statements of Alfa 
Bank” and “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Financial Information Presented in this Base Prospectus – The 
financial statements for Alfa Bank have not been prepared in accordance with the international accounting 
standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002”. 
This section should be read in conjunction with the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
notes thereto and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, as well as the 
section entitled “Presentation of Financial and Other Information” and “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information”. This section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Alfa 
Banking Group’s actual results may differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements as 
a result of various factors, including those described under “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Overview  
Principal Activities  
The Alfa Banking Group, of which Alfa Bank is a key part, is the largest privately-owned Russian banking group 
that offers a wide range of banking products and services principally in the Russian Federation, and conducts 
certain banking operations and financial services in the Netherlands and Cyprus. The Alfa Banking Group has 
three main segments:  
 
Corporate and investment banking, which provides a broad range of commercial and investment banking 
services and products, including corporate lending, leasing, corporate deposit services, factoring, trade 
finance operations, structured corporate lending, securities trading, debt and equity capital markets, 
derivatives, structured financing, foreign exchange trading, corporate finance and merger and acquisition 
advisory services to large corporations, MSME, and other financial institutions. As at 31 December 2019, 
the Alfa Banking Group has separated medium, small and micro banking business into new reportable 
segments in accordance with IFRS standards;  
 
Retail banking, which provides a wide range of retail banking services, including retail demand accounts 
and term deposit services, credit and debit card services, lending (including consumer loans, personal 
instalment loans, credit card lending, car loans and mortgages), money transfers and private banking 
services to individuals; and  
 
Treasury operations, which manage the Alfa Banking Group’s own funding activities and internal funding 
reallocation, liquidity and risk management activities and investment in liquid assets, as well as short-term 
money market and promissory note operations.  
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had 491 offices (including branches, regional branches and outlets), 
most of which were operated by Alfa-Bank, compared to 486 offices as at 31 December 2020. For a more detailed 
description of the business activities of the Alfa Banking Group, see “Description of the Alfa Banking Group”.

--- Page 75 ---
66 
 
Factors Affecting Results of Operations  
Economic Conditions in Russia  
The majority of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and customers are located in, or have businesses related to, the 
Russian Federation. The concentration of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets in Russia reflects its strategic focus on 
its core market in Russia. As a result, the Alfa Banking Group is substantially affected by Russian economic 
conditions. The Russian Federation’s economy is to a significant degree dependent on exports of key commodities, 
such as oil, gas, iron ore and other raw materials. Dramatic decreases in the prices of these commodities in the 
world market can lead to sharp decreases in Russian Government revenues and the revenues of privately held 
Russian companies operating in these sectors, which, in turn, can have a severely negative effect on the overall 
Russian economy.  
After a period of economic contraction caused by a decline in oil prices and geopolitical tensions, real GDP in 
Russia returned to growth in 2017 – 2019. Due to economic impact of Covid-19 outbreak, the GDP of the Russian 
Federation decreased by 3.1 per cent. in 2020 whilst inflation reached 4.9 per cent. in 2020 and 6.5 per cent. in the 
first six months of 2021. The Rouble experienced significant depreciation against the U.S. dollar in 2014 and 2015 
and remains volatile. As at 31 December 2018, the Rouble / U.S.$ exchange rate amounted to RUB69.47 per 
U.S.$1.00, RUB61.91 per U.S.$1.00 as at 31 December 2019, 73.88 as at 31 December 2020 and as at 
30 June 2021 it amounted to RUB 72.37 per U.S.$1.00. Fluctuation of the Rouble / U.S.$ exchange may have 
significant effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s financial performance, as the majority of the Alfa Banking Group’s 
operations are conducted in Roubles, while the presentational currency of the Alfa Banking Group’s financial 
statements is U.S.$ dollars. 
Any deterioration of the Russian economy affects the Russian banking sector. The general stabilisation of the 
Russian economy 2018 and 2019 resulted in an increase in customers’ demand for banking services. Although 
during the period under review Russian banks benefited from improved asset quality and capital, Russian banks 
remain exposed to volatile of credit losses. The CBR has recently reported the growth of household debt burden 
against the backdrop of accelerated growth of consumer lending and a decline in real disposable income of the 
population. These factors may lead to an increase in non-payments on consumer loans. As at 30 June 2021 the 
credit loss allowance of the Alfa Banking Group for loans to individuals increased by 1.9 per cent. to U.S.$682 
million, as compared to U.S.$669 million as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$500 million as at 31 December 2019.  
The consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic have to some extent affected the Alfa Banking Group’s operations 
and financial position. In particular, Stage 3 retail loans increased to 5.0 per cent. of the gross retail loan portfolio 
as at 31 December 2020 compared to 4.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 illustrating that a higher number of 
individuals experienced financial difficulties due to Covid-19 in 2020. The market showed signs of recovery in 
the first half of 2021, which resulted in the improvement of the Alfa Banking Group’s clients risk profile and 
growing volume of banking operations. Stage 3 retail loans slightly decreased to 3.7 per cent. of the gross retail 
loans as at 30 June 2021. The Alfa Banking Group’s profit increased by 52.9 per cent. from U.S.$592 million for 
six months ended 30 June 2020 to U.S.$905 million for six months ended 30 June 2021. Total comprehensive 
income increased in 3.6 times up to U.S.$942 million in the first half of 2021 compared to U.S.$265 million in the 
first half of 2020. The Alfa Banking Group’s capital increased to U.S.$9.6 billion as at 30 June 2021 from U.S.$ 
8.7 billion as at 31 December 2020 due to the Group’s total comprehensive income. Net fee and commission 
income increased by 55.5 per cent. to U.S.$773 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 million from 
U.S.$497 million for six months ended 30 June 2020.  
Foreign Exchange Volatility  
The Alfa Banking Group is exposed to foreign currency rates volatility which affect its results of operations and 
financial position. A substantial portion of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and liabilities are Rouble-denominated 
and, consequently, a significant part of its interest income and interest expense is received or paid in Roubles. As 
a result, a significant depreciation or, as the case may be, appreciation of the Rouble has the effect of decreasing 
or increasing, respectively, the Alfa Banking Group’s assets, liabilities, interest income, interest expense, and other 
results of operations, in U.S. dollar terms. Due to the fluctuations of the exchange rate in the first half of 2021, the 
Group recorded U.S.$70 million gain arising from foreign currencies for the six months ended 30 June 2021, as 
compared to a U.S.$193 million gain for the six months ended 30 June 2020. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating 
to the Alfa Banking Group’s business and industry—Significant depreciation or appreciation of the Rouble and 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group”. 
Interest Rate Environment and Funding  
Changes in interest rates affect the Alfa Banking Group’s operations. Over the periods covered by the ABH 
Financial Consolidated Financial Statements, movements in short- and long-term interest rates have affected both 
the Alfa Banking Group’s interest income and interest expense, and the Alfa Banking Group’s level of gains and

--- Page 76 ---
67 
 
losses on its securities portfolio. Interest rates can be affected by factors such as rates set by the CBR, inflation, 
competition among banks and general macroeconomic conditions and access to funding sources. 
As the exchange rate of the Rouble against the U.S. dollar stabilized in 2018 and 2019, the CBR gradually reduced 
its key interest rate. The CBR’s gradual transition to a neutral monetary policy coupled with the slowdown in the 
growth of consumer prices created conditions for lower interest rates in 2019 and 2020. In the first half of 2021, 
CBR changed its policy and increased the key interest rate amid the Covid-19 outbreak. 
Average lending rates on the Russian interbank market may also fluctuate significantly. For example, the average 
Rouble interbank lending rate (31 – 90 days maturity) was 6.1 per cent. in June 2021, compared to 4.7 per cent. in 
December 2020. Average Rouble lending rates decreased for corporate borrowers and individuals during the 
course of the first half of 2020 and 2021.  
However, lower average interest rates may put pressure on the Alfa Banking Group’s net interest margins. The 
following table, which is taken from statistical information produced by the CBR, presents the average interest 
rates earned by banks based in Russia on U.S. dollar and Rouble-denominated loans to corporate clients and 
average interest rates paid by such banks on Rouble-denominated deposits from retail clients. 
 
For the six 
months 
ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Loans to corporate clients in U.S. dollars (short-term loans)  
3.6% 
3.5% 
4.8% 
Loans to corporate clients in RUB (loans of less than one year) ......................  
6.2% 
6.8% 
8.7% 
Deposits from retail clients in RUB (deposits of less than one year, including 
demand deposits)  
3.3% 
3.8% 
5.4% 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net interest margin ratio decreased to 4.1 per cent. for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 from 4.5 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (see “—Results of Operations for the Years 
Ended 31 December 2020 and 2019—Net Interest Margin Ratio”). For the six months ended 30 June 2021 and the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Alfa Banking Group’s primary source of interest income was loans 
and advances to corporate customers and individuals. The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from loans and 
advances to corporate customers and individuals in aggregate amounted to 88.9 per cent. of its total interest income 
(including other similar income) for the six months ended 30 June 2021, as compared to 81.2 per cent. for six 
months ended 30 June 2020. At the same time, the most significant portion of interest expense (including other 
similar expense) consisted of interest payments on term deposits (legal entities and individuals) and 
current/settlement accounts which in aggregate accounted for 67.2 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021, 
as compared to 66.9 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020.  
The average annual interest rate on the Alfa Banking Group’s loans and advances to individuals decreased to 11.4 
per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from 13.7 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. At the 
same time, the average annual interest rate on the Alfa Banking Group’s loans and advances to corporate customers 
(across all currencies) was 6 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021 as well as for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. The average interest rate paid by the Alfa Banking Group on term deposits of legal entities decreased 
to 4.2 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from 4.7 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. 
The average interest rate paid by the Alfa Banking Group on amounts due to other banks decreased to 4.1 per cent. 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 compared to 5.1 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. The 
average interest rate paid by Alfa Banking Group on term deposits of individuals amounted to 2.7 per cent. for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 compared to 4.1 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. The average 
interest rate paid by the Alfa Banking Group on its debt securities issued amounted to 6.3 per cent. for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 as compared to 6.6 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. 
Fee and Commission Income 
The Alfa Banking Group generates significant amounts of net fee and commission income, accounting for 66.8 
per cent., 57.2 per cent. and 49.3 per cent. of net margin (before credit loss allowance) for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 and in the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. Fee and commission 
income is a significant and stable source of income for the Alfa Banking Group, and is largely independent of 
market fluctuations in interest rates. The Alfa Banking Group’s fee and commission income arises from activities 
such as commission on operations with plastic cards, fees from settlement transactions, agency commission on 
insurance operations, commission on guarantees issued and cash and foreign currency exchange and other 
transactions.

--- Page 77 ---
68 
 
Loan Portfolio and Credit Loss Allowance 
During periods of deteriorating economic activity, the ability of the Alfa Banking Group’s borrowers to repay 
amounts due, and the value of the collateral that secures loans, may decrease. In particular, developments such as 
reduced corporate liquidity and profitability, foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations, restrictions on funding, 
increased unemployment, rising inflation, increased corporate and personal insolvencies and increased interest 
rates may adversely affect the ability of the Alfa Banking Group’s customers to repay loans. Reduced 
creditworthiness amongst the Alfa Banking Group’s customers also may tend to increase the Alfa Banking Group’s 
credit loss allowance during such periods, possibly significantly, resulting in a possible decrease in the Alfa 
Banking Group’s net margin after credit loss allowance. At the same time, the Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss 
allowance is usually lower during periods characterised by stronger economic conditions. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance recorded during the six months ended 30 June 2021 was U.S.$115 
million as compared to U.S.$526 million during the six months ended 30 June 2020 showing recovery of the 
economic environment and improvement of clients’ risk profiles. As at 30 June 2021, 2.9 per cent. of the Alfa 
Banking Group’s total gross loans and advances to customers were overdue (namely, loans with a delay of one 
day or more in payment of interest or principal) (U.S.$1,377 million out of total gross loans and advances to 
customers), compared to 3.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (U.S.$1,365 million out of total gross loans and 
advances to customers) and 1.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 (U.S.$751 million out of total gross loans and 
advances to customers). See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Alfa Banking Group’s business and industry—
The Alfa Banking Group could face increased loan losses and decreased demand for its services from both 
corporate customers and individuals who are affected by any slowdown or weakening of the global, regional or 
Russian economies”. 
Fluctuations in the Value of Securities 
The value of the Alfa Banking Group’s trading securities portfolio has fluctuated in the past and the value of the 
Alfa Banking Group’s trading securities portfolio is likely to continue to fluctuate in the future, which may have 
an impact on the Alfa Banking Group’s results of operations and the structure of the consolidated statement of 
financial position. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had U.S.$1,306 million (or 2.0 per cent. of its total 
assets) invested in trading securities and repurchase receivables relating to trading securities, compared to 
U.S.$1,536 million (or 2.5 per cent. of its total assets) as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$926 million (or 1.6 per 
cent. of its total assets) as at 31 December 2019. 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments in Applying Accounting Policies 
The accounting policies of the Alfa Banking Group are integral to understanding its results of operations and 
financial condition.  
The preparation of its consolidated financial statements requires the Alfa Banking Group’s management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of 
income and expense during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the Alfa Banking Group’s management 
evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to impairment losses on loans and advances, fair 
value of financial instruments, functional currencies, initial recognition of related party transactions, income taxes 
and other matters. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other 
factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates 
and conditions, and such differences may be material. Refer to Note 4 to the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for further details. 
Payment of Dividends  
In March 2020, ABH Financial declared and paid dividends on preference shares in the amount of U.S.$80 million. 
In October 2020, ABH Financial declared and paid dividends in kind on preference shares in the amount of 
U.S.$183 million. 
In October 2021, Alfa Bank declared and in December 2021 paid dividends on common shares in the amount of 
RUB 8 billion. 
Results of Operations for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 
The following table sets forth the principal components of the Alfa Banking Group’s consolidated statement of 
profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the periods indicated.

--- Page 78 ---
69 
 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method ......................  
1,776 
 1,793 
Other similar income ............................................................................................  
148 
 136  
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest rate method .....................  
(707) 
(770) 
Other similar expense ...........................................................................................  
(3) 
(4) 
Deposit insurance expense ....................................................................................  
(56) 
(48) 
Net margin  
1,158 
1,107 
Сredit loss allowance charge ................................................................................  
(52) 
(511) 
Net margin after credit loss allowance ..................................................................  
1,106 
596 
Fee and commission income .................................................................................  
1,029 
731 
Fee and commission expense ................................................................................  
(256) 
(234) 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities ...................................................  
17 
19 
Gains less losses arising from interest based derivatives ......................................  
3 
31 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies .................................................  
70 
193 
Gains less losses arising from investments ...........................................................  
(1) 
- 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts .......................................  
(2) 
2 
Gains less losses from investment properties ........................................................  
4 
2 
Other provisions....................................................................................................  
(18) 
(15) 
Other operating income ........................................................................................  
10 
6 
Operating expenses ...............................................................................................  
(750) 
(586) 
Profit before tax ......................................................................................................  
1,212 
745 
Income tax expense ...............................................................................................  
(307) 
(153) 
Profit for the period ................................................................................................  
905 
592 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period ..............................................  
37 
(327) 
Total comprehensive income for the period .........................................................  
942 
265 
 
Net Margin 
Net margin comprises total interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method and other similar 
income less total interest expense calculated using the effective interest rate method, other similar expense and 
deposit insurance expense.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net margin before credit loss allowance charge for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
increased by 4.6 per cent. to U.S.$1,158 million from U.S.$1,107 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. 
This increase resulted primarily from interest rates on liabilities decreasing faster than interest rates on loans during 
the first half of 2020.  
Net Interest Margin Ratio  
The net interest margin ratio comprises net interest income before credit loss allowance (including other similar 
expense and deposit insurance expense) expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net interest margin ratio calculated based on the average interest-earning assets 
determined as the average of the beginning and end of applicable year balances was 4.1 per cent. for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021, compared to 4.5 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. This decrease resulted 
primarily from the declining interest rates, which were in line with general market trends.  
If, in addition to the beginning and end of applicable year balances mentioned above, the Alfa Banking Group’s 
net interest margin ratio calculation also included quarter-end balance as at 31 March, which are based on the Alfa 
Banking Group’s management data, the net interest margin ratio would be 4.1 per cent. for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 and 4.6 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020. This approach to calculating the net interest 
margin ratio is based on a more frequent averaging method and, as a result, diminishes to a certain extent the effect 
of foreign currency fluctuations on the net interest margin of the Alfa Banking Group. However, investors should 
be aware that this information has not been extracted or derived from the audited or reviewed financial statements 
of ABH Financial nor from the audited or reviewed financial statements of Alfa Bank. 
Interest Income  
The Alfa Banking Group generates interest income on loans and advances to customers, due from other banks, 
debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and repurchase receivables, investments at 
amortized cost and repurchase receivables and other similar income.

--- Page 79 ---
70 
 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Alfa Banking Group’s interest income for the periods 
shown: 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method 
 
 
Loans and advances to corporate customers ............................................................  
839 
858 
Loans and advances to individuals ...........................................................................  
755 
709 
Investments at amortised cost and repurchase receivables .......................................  
64 
74 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
repurchase receivables .............................................................................................  
60 
89 
Due from other banks ..............................................................................................  
58 
63 
Total interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method .............  
1,776 
1,793 
Other similar income(1) ..............................................................................................  
148 
136 
(1) Other similar income includes financial lease receivables, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s total interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 slightly decreased by 0.9 per cent. to U.S.$1,776 million from U.S.$1,793 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2020. This decrease was driven by a decrease in interest income from loans and 
advances to corporate customers, as well as decrease in other components mainly attributable to the decrease in 
the interest rates in the first half of 2021 in line with the market trend.  
Interest income from loans and advances to corporate customers  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from loans and advances to corporate customers for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 decreased by 2.2 per cent. to U.S.$839 million from U.S.$858 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020. This decrease resulted from decrease in the interest rates, which was in line with the market 
trends. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in the average balance from U.S.$28,731 million for the 
six months ended 30 June 2020 to U.S.$31,647 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 reflecting organic 
growth in the Alfa Banking Group’s business and improvement of the macroeconomic environment. 
Interest income from loans and advances to individuals  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from loans and advances to individuals for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 increased by 6.5 per cent. to U.S.$755 million from U.S.$709 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. This increase resulted from an increase in the average balance from U.S.$ 10,362 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 to U.S.$13,250 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 reflecting the results 
of the Alfa Banking Group’s continuing efforts to improve quality of its services and to attract new clients throught 
digital channels. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average interest rate paid on loans and 
advances to individuals from 13.7 per cent. to 11.4 per cent. attributed to declining market interest rates and 
development of mortgage products which have lower interest rates compared to cash loans and credit cards.  
Interest income from debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and repurchase 
receivables 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income and repurchase receivables for the six months ended 30 June 2021 decreased by 32.6 per cent. to U.S$60 
million as compared to U.S.$89 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020, resulted mainly from a decrease 
in the average interest rate paid on such instruments from 5.2 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 to 
3.8 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
Interest income from investments at amortized cost and repurchase receivables 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from investments at amortised cost and repurchase receivables 
decreased by 13.5 per cent. to U.S.$64 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from U.S.$74 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2020, due to a decrease in the average interest rate paid on these investments from 
6.2 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 to 5.9 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021. See “– 
Factors Affecting Results of Operations – Interest Rate Environment and Funding”.

--- Page 80 ---
71 
 
Interest income from amounts due from other banks 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from amounts due from other banks for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 decreased by 7.9 per cent. to U.S.$58 million from U.S.$63 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. This decrease resulted primarily from a decrease in the average interest rate paid on amounts due 
from other banks from 3.6 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 to 2.5 per cent. for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021.  
Other similar income 
The Alfa Banking Group’s other similar income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by 8.8 per cent. 
to U.S.$148 million from U.S.$136 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020, including income of U.S.$117 
million from finance lease receivables and U.S.$31 million from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and U.S.$110 million from finance lease receivables and U.S.$26 million 
from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2020. 
Interest Expense 
Interest expense includes all interest expense from debt securities issued, term deposits of legal entities and 
individuals, subordinated debt, due to other banks, current/settlement accounts, loan from the 
State Deposit Insurance Agency and other similar expense. 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense for the periods 
shown:  
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest rate method 
 
 
Term deposits of legal entities ............................................................................. 
233 
235 
Current/settlement accounts ................................................................................. 
194 
144 
Debt securities issued........................................................................................... 
111 
125 
Due to other banks ............................................................................................... 
59 
57 
Term deposits of individuals ................................................................................ 
50 
139 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency ................................................... 
34 
31 
Subordinated debt ................................................................................................ 
26 
39 
Total interest expense calculated using the effective interest rate method........ 
707 
770 
Other similar expense ............................................................................................ 
3 
4 
The Alfa Banking Group’s total interest expense calculated using the effective interest method for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 decreased by 8.2 per cent. to U.S.$707 million from U.S.$770 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020. This decrease resulted primarily from decreases in interest expense on term deposits of 
individuals and was partially offset by increase in the interest expense on current/settlement accounts to 
reallocation of liquidity by customers from deposits to current/settlement accounts due to reduced deposit rates. 
Interest expense related to term deposits of legal entities  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to term deposits of legal entities for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 decreased by 0.9 per cent. to U.S.$233 million from U.S.$235 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020, resulting from a decrease in the average interest rate on term deposits of legal entities to 4.2 per 
cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from 4.7 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 in line with 
the market trend. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in the average balance of term deposits of legal 
entities to U.S.$11,060 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from U.S.$ 10,095 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020, due to the Alfa Banking Group’s expansion of the business with SME. 
Interest expense related to current/settlement accounts  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to current/settlement accounts for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 increased by 34.7 per cent. to U.S.$194 million from U.S.$144 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. This increase resulted from an increase in the average balance of current/settlement accounts by 37 
per cent. to U.S.$30,783 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from U.S.$ 22,464 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 due to reallocation of liquidity by customers from deposits to current/settlement

--- Page 81 ---
72 
 
accounts due to reduced deposit rates. 
Interest expense related to term deposits of individuals  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to term deposits of individuals for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 decreased by 64.0 per cent. to U.S.$50 million from U.S.$139 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. This decrease reflects a decrease in the average interest paid on such deposits to 2.7 per cent. for 
the period ended 30 June 2021 from 4.1 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020, as well as decrease in 
the average balance of term deposits of individuals from U.S.$ 6,852 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020 to U.S.$3,658 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021.  
Interest expense related to debt securities issued  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to debt securities issued for the first six months ended 
30 June 2021 decreased by 11.2 per cent. to U.S.$111 million from U.S.$125 million for the first six months ended 
30 June 2020. This reflected a decrease in the average balance of debt securities issued during the first six month 
of 2021 to U.S.$3,515 million as compared to U.S.$3,766 million during the first six months of 2020 due to 
repayment of certain bonds. 
Interest expense related to amounts due to other banks  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to amounts due to other banks for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 increased by 3.5 per cent. to U.S.$59 million from U.S.$57 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020 reflecting growth of the interbank operations amid the stabilisation of the macroeconomic 
environment. 
Interest expense related to subordinated debt  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to subordinated debt for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
decreased by 33.3 per cent. to U.S.$26 million from U.S.$39 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 due 
to subordinated debt redemption.  
Interest expense related to the loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to the loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by 9.7 per cent. to U.S.$34 million from U.S.$31 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020. 
Credit loss allowance 
The following table sets out details of changes in the credit loss allowance of loans and advances to customers as 
at and for the periods indicated: 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Credit loss allowance as at the beginning of the period .................................... 
1,456 
1,197 
Credit loss allowance during the period .............................................................. 
115 
526 
Amounts written off during the period as uncollectible  
(262) 
(221) 
Unwinding of discount........................................................................................ 
19 
9 
Effect of translation to functional currency ......................................................... 
(16) 
25 
Effect of translation to presentation currency ..................................................... 
27 
(83) 
Credit loss allowance as at the end of the period ............................................... 
1,339 
1,453 
The Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance charge recorded during the six months ended 30 June 2021 
decreased to U.S.$115 million as compared to U.S.$526 million during the six months ended 30 June 2020 due to 
improvement of the Alfa Banking Group’s clients risk profile amid the recovery of the macroeconomic 
environment.  
The credit loss allowance for loan impairment during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 differs from the 
amount presented in the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income due to U.S.$63 million recovery of amounts previously written off as uncollectible including one-off

--- Page 82 ---
73 
 
recovery in the amount of U.S.$ 37 million (six-month period ended 30 June 2020: USD 15 million). This amount 
was credited directly to the credit loss allowance line in the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or 
loss and other comprehensive income. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s overall credit loss allowance level as a percentage of the total gross loans and advances 
to customers amounted to 2.8 per cent. as at 30 June 2021 compared to 3.8 per cent. as at 30 June 2020.  
As at 30 June 2021, 2.9 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total gross loans and advances to customers were 
overdue (U.S.$1,377 million out of total gross loans and advances to customers), compared to 3.8 per cent. as at 
30 June 2020 (U.S.$1,467 million out of total gross loans and advances to customers). See “—Selected Statistical 
and Other Information—Loans and advances to customers—Credit Loss Allowance”. 
Net Non-Interest Income 
The Alfa Banking Group generates non-interest income from net fee and commission income; gains less losses 
arising from trading securities, interest based derivatives, foreign currencies, investments, investment properties 
and acquisition of own debts; and other operating income.  
The following table sets out the components of the Alfa Banking Group’s net non-interest income for the years 
indicated:  
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Fee and commission income ................................................................................ 
1,029 
731 
Fee and commission expense ............................................................................... 
(256) 
(234) 
Net fee and commission income ............................................................................ 
773 
497 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities .................................................. 
17 
19 
Gains less losses arising from interest based derivatives ..................................... 
3 
31 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies ................................................  
70 
193 
Gains less losses arising from investments .......................................................... 
(1) 
- 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts ...................................... 
(2) 
2 
Gains less losses from investment properties ....................................................... 
4 
2 
Other provisions................................................................................................... 
(18) 
(15) 
Other operating income ....................................................................................... 
10 
6 
Total net non-interest income ............................................................................... 
856 
735 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net non-interest income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by 16.5 per 
cent. to U.S.$856 million from U.S.$735 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. This increase was 
primarily driven by an increase in net fee and commission income from a U.S.$497 million for the first six months 
ended 30 June 2020 to a U.S.$773 million for the first six months ended 30 June 2020, driven by the growth of the 
Alfa Banking Group’s client base which led to the rise of fee and commission income. 
Net fee and commission income 
Net fee and commission income is calculated as fee and commission income less fee and commission expense. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net fee and commission income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by 
55.5 per cent. to U.S.$773 million from U.S.$497 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. This increase 
was primarily driven by the rise of fee and commission income reflecting growth of the Alfa Banking Group’s 
client base. 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains arising from trading securities for the six months ended 30 June 2021 decreased 
to U.S.$17 million as compared to U.S.$19 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020.  
Gains less losses arising from interest-based derivatives  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains arising from interest-based derivatives for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
amounted to U.S.$3 million as compared to U.S.$31 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 due to reduced 
volatility on the financial markets.

--- Page 83 ---
74 
 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains arising from foreign currencies for the six months ended 30 June 2021 amounted 
to a U.S.$70 million compared to U.S.$193 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 due to decreased 
fluctuations in Rouble/U.S.$ exchange rate during the reporting period.  
Gains less losses arising from investments  
The Alfa Banking Group’s losses arising from investments for the six months ended 30 June 2021 decreased to 
U.S.$1 million, compared to nill for the six months ended 30 June 2020.  
Other operating income  
The Alfa Banking Group’s other operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by 66.7 per 
cent. to U.S.$10 million from U.S.$6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020, was mainly due to gains from 
sale of repossessed collateral and non-core activities and gains less losses from other derivatives. 
Operating Expenses 
The Alfa Banking Group’s total operating expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased by 28 per 
cent. to U.S.$750 million from U.S.$586 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. This increase was 
attributable to the Alfa Banking Group’s growth of business.  
Income Tax Expense 
The Alfa Banking Group’s income tax expense for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and six months ended 
30 June 2020 amounted to U.S.$307 million and U.S.$153 million, respectively. This change was primarily caused 
by an increase in the profit before tax for the reasons discussed above. 
The statutory corporate income tax rate applicable to the Russian subsidiaries of the Alfa Banking Group, which 
comprise the major part of the Alfa Banking Group’s income, was 20 per cent. for each of the periods presented. 
The statutory income tax rate applicable to the majority of income of the Alfa Banking Group from investment 
banking operations equals to either 15 per cent., or 20 per cent. for each period. 
Profit  
The Alfa Banking Group’s profit for the six months ended 30 June 2021 increased to U.S.$905 million from 
U.S.$592 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 primarily due to growth of net interest income and fee 
and commission income and decrease in credit loss allowance charge. Key profit drivers (interest income, fee and 
commission income) demonstrated stable growth showing high level of customer base dynamics and success of 
system of deep digitalisation that the Alfa Banking Group has been implementing for the last years. 
Other Comprehensive Income  
Other comprehensive income is related to debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(consisting of fair value gains less losses during the period and reclassification adjustments for losses included in 
profit or loss), the effect of the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations, net change in hedge of 
net investment in foreign operations and income tax on items that may be reclassified to profit or loss.  
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
 
 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 
 
– Fair value gains less losses during the period .................................................. 
(1) 
2 
– Reclassification adjustments for losses included in profit or loss .................... 
- 
(2) 
Effect of translation of the financial statements of foreign operations ................ 
191 
(1,015) 
Net change in hedge of net investment in foreign operations .............................. 
(191) 
860 
Income tax on items that may be reclassified to profit or loss ............................. 
38 
(172) 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period ............................................. 
37 
(327) 
The Alfa Banking Group’s other comprehensive income for the six months ended 30 June 2021 amounted to 
U.S.$37 million as compared to other comprehensive loss of U.S.$327 million for the six months ended

--- Page 84 ---
75 
 
30 June 2020. This change in other comprehensive income was primarily caused by effect of translation of the 
financial statements of foreign operations due to fluctuations in Rouble/U.S.$ exchange rate during the reporting 
period. 
Cash Flows 
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Alfa Banking Group’s cash flow statements for the 
years indicated. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
2021 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Net cash used in operating activities ........................................................................  
(513) 
(2,253) 
Net cash from investing activities ............................................................................  
593 
2,619 
Net cash used in financing activities ........................................................................  
(226) 
(618) 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ...............................................................  
(146) 
(252) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period ........................................  
6,594 
6,450 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ................................  
(39) 
(343) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period ................................................  
6,409 
5,855 
 
Cash flows used in Operating Activities 
Cash from operating activities comprises cash flows from the main operating profit or loss items and net increase 
or decrease in: mandatory cash balances with central banks and repurchase receivables, financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss and repurchase receivables, amounts due from other banks, loans and advances to 
customers, other financial assets and other assets and amounts due to other banks, customer accounts and other 
liabilities and other financial liabilities.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net cash outflows in respect of its operating activities for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 amounted to U.S.$513 million compared to U.S.$2,253 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. This increase resulted principally from the net change in customer accounts from U.S.$583 million 
of cash outflows for the six months ended 30 June 2020 compared to U.S.$3,053 million cash inflows for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021. 
Cash flows from Investing Activities  
Cash from investing activities comprises cash flows from the acquisition of investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, the proceeds from the disposal and redemption of investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, the acquisition of investments at fair value through profit or loss, proceeds from disposal 
of investments at fair value through profit or loss, the acquisition of investments at amortized cost, proceeds from 
redemption of investments at amortised cost, proceeds from the disposal of investments in associate, the 
acquisition of premises, equipment, intangible assets and investment properties, the proceeds from disposal of 
premises, equipment and investment properties.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net cash inflows in respect of its investing activities for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 amounted to U.S.$593 million compared to U.S.$2,619 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. This change was mainly caused by decrease of proceeds from disposal and redemption of 
investments at fair value through other comprehensive income to U.S.$5,905 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 compared to U.S.$7,843 million in the year ended 30 June 2020, which was partially offset by 
decreased cash outflows from acquisition of investments at amortised cost in the amount of U.S.$171 million 
compared to U.S.$456 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. 
Cash flows used in Financing Activities  
Cash from financing activities comprises proceeds from debt securities issued, repayment of debt securities issued, 
interest paid on debt securities issued, interest paid on loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency, proceeds 
from subordinated debt, repayment of subordinated debt, interest paid on subordinated debt, proceeds from 
perpetual loan participation notes, repayment of perpetual loan participation notes, interest paid on perpetual loan 
participation notes, dividends and repayment of lease liabilities. Fluctuations in cash flow relating to the Alfa 
Banking Group’s financing activities are primarily attributable to the interaction between the Alfa Banking 
Group’s fundraising using other borrowed funds and the Alfa Banking Group’s repayment of those other borrowed

--- Page 85 ---
76 
 
funds, and hence also to both the amount of other borrowed funds raised by the Alfa Banking Group in any given 
period and the varying tenors of those borrowings.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net cash outflows in respect of its financing activities for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 amounted to U.S.$226 million compared to U.S.$618 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 
(in each case inclusive of interest paid on borrowed funds). This change resulted principally from an increase in 
proceeds from subordinated debt to U.S.$350 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 from nill for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 and decrease in cash outflows from repayment of subordinated debt that was partially 
offset by increase in cash outflows from repayment of debt securities issued. 
Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
The following table sets forth the principal components of the Alfa Banking Group’s consolidated statement of 
profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the years indicated. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method ...............................  
3,424 
3,695 
Other similar income ..............................................................................................  
267 
273 
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest method ..............................  
(1,415) 
(1,704) 
Other similar expense .............................................................................................  
(7) 
(14) 
Deposit insurance expense ......................................................................................  
(98) 
(133) 
Net margin .................................................................................................................  
2,171 
2,117 
Сredit loss allowance charge ..................................................................................  
(674) 
(652) 
Net margin after credit loss allowance ....................................................................  
1,497 
1,465 
Fee and commission income ...................................................................................  
1,685 
1,569 
Fee and commission expense ..................................................................................  
(444) 
(525) 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities .....................................................  
32 
27 
Gains less losses arising from interest based derivatives ........................................  
35 
17 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies ...................................................  
217 
(225) 
Gains less losses arising from investments .............................................................  
- 
(5) 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts .........................................  
(6) 
1 
Impairment of goodwill ..........................................................................................  
(7) 
(10) 
Gains less losses arising from investment properties ..............................................  
(3) 
(4) 
Other provisions......................................................................................................  
(18) 
(30) 
Other operating income ..........................................................................................  
14 
13 
Operating expenses .................................................................................................  
(1,282) 
(1,318) 
Profit before tax ........................................................................................................  
1,720 
975 
Income tax expense .................................................................................................  
(373) 
(271) 
Profit for the year .....................................................................................................  
1,347 
704 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year ....................................................  
(444) 
324 
Total comprehensive income for the year ...............................................................  
903 
1,028 
Net Margin 
Net margin comprises total interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method and other similar 
income less total interest expense calculated using the effective interest rate method, other similar expense and 
deposit insurance expense.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net margin before credit loss allowance charge for the year ended 31 December 2020 
increased by 2.6 per cent. to U.S.$2,171 million from U.S.$2,117 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This increase mainly resulted from a decrease in interest expense in particular from term deposits of individuals 
and legal entities reflecting declining market interest rates as a result of the gradual reduction of the key interest 
rate by the CBR.  
Net Interest Margin Ratio  
The net interest margin ratio comprises net interest income before credit loss allowance (including other similar 
income, other similar expense and deposit insurance expense) expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning 
assets. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net interest margin ratio calculated based on the average interest-earning assets 
determined as the average of the beginning, middle and end of applicable year balances was 4.3 per cent. for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 and 4.6 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decline in the net

--- Page 86 ---
77 
 
interest margin ratio is explained by the low interest rate environment triggered by the decreasing CBR key rate, 
as well as depreciation of the Rouble against the U.S. dollar, which is the presentational currency of the Alfa 
Banking Group.  
If, in addition to the beginning, middle and end of applicable year balances mentioned above, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s net interest margin ratio calculation also included quarter-end balances as at 31 March and 30 September, 
which are based on the Alfa Banking Group’s management data, the net interest margin ratio would be 4.4 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 4.6 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019. This approach 
to calculating the net interest margin ratio is based on a more frequent averaging method and, as a result, diminishes 
to a certain extent the effect of foreign currency fluctuations on the net interest margin of the Alfa Banking Group. 
However, investors should be aware that this information has not been extracted or derived from the audited or 
reviewed financial statements of ABH Financial nor from the audited or reviewed financial statements of Alfa 
Bank. 
Interest Income  
The Alfa Banking Group generates interest income on loans and advances to customers, due from other banks, 
investments at amortized cost and repurchase receivables, debt investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and repurchase receivables and other similar income. 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Alfa Banking Group’s interest income for the years 
shown: 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest income 
 
 
Loans and advances to corporate customers ............................................................  
1,638 
1,942 
Loans and advances to individuals ...........................................................................  
1,406 
1,210 
Investments at amortized cost and repurchase receivables ......................................  
144 
166 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
repurchase receivables .............................................................................................  
138 
206 
Due form other banks ..............................................................................................  
98 
171 
Total interest income calculated using the effective interest method ....................  
3,424 
3,695 
Total other similar income(1) .....................................................................................  
267 
273 
(1) Other similar income includes financial lease receivables, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s total interest income calculated using the effective interest method for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased by 7.3 per cent. to U.S.$3,424 million from U.S.$3,695 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease resulted primarily from the decrease in interest income from loans and advances 
to corporate customers due to a decline in the market interest rates due to decrease of the CBR key rate and 
increasing competition for financially sound corporate clients among banks.  
Interest income from loans and advances to corporate customers  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from loans and advances to corporate customers for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased by 15.7 per cent. to U.S.$1,638 million from U.S.$1,942 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease mainly resulted from a decrease in the average interest rate paid on loans and 
advances to corporate customers from 8.1 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 6.3 per cent. for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 which was attributed to declining market interest rates triggered by the decreasing 
CBR key rate and increasing competition for high-quality borrowers. This decrease was partially offset by an 
increase in the average balance from U.S.$26,813 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$29,490 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020 primarily reflecting the growth of the Alfa Banking Group’s loan 
portfolio mainly in large corporate segment.  
Interest income from loans and advances to individuals 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from loans and advances to individuals for the year ended 
31 December 2020 increased by 16.2 per cent. to U.S.$1,406 million from U.S.1,210 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This increase resulted from an increase of 31.4 per cent. in the average balance of loans and 
advances to individuals to U.S.$10,810 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from U.S.$8,225 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 reflecting the Alfa Banking Group’s continuing strategy of expanding of its 
retail operations. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average interest rate paid on loans and

--- Page 87 ---
78 
 
advances to individuals from 14.7 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 13.0 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 attributed to declining market interest rates and development of mortgage products 
which have lower interest rates comparing to cash loans and credit cards. 
Interest income from investments at amortized cost and repurchase receivables 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from investments at amortized cost and repurchase receivables 
decreased to U.S.$144 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from U.S.$166 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019, due to a decrease in the average interest rate paid on the investments at amortized cost and 
repurchase receivables from 7.0 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 6.1 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2020.  
Interest income from debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and repurchase 
receivables 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income and repurchase receivables for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to U.S$138 million as 
compared to U.S.$206 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 as a result of a decrease of the average interest 
rate paid on such instruments from 5.0 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 4.1 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, as well as a decrease in the average balance from U.S.$4,151 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019 to U.S.$3,402 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Interest income from amounts due from other banks 
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest income from amounts due from other banks for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased by 42.7 per cent. to U.S.$98 million from U.S.$171 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease resulted primarily from a decrease in the average interest rate paid on amounts 
due from other banks from 4.7 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 2.6 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2020 reflecting a decline in the market interest rates. 
Other similar income 
The Alfa Banking Group’s other similar income for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by 2.2 per cent. 
to U.S.$267 million from U.S.$273 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, including income of U.S.$212 
million from finance lease receivables, U.S.$50 million from debt securities and repurchase receivables at fair 
value through profit or loss and U.S.$5 million from other income for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 
U.S.$221 million from finance lease receivables and U.S.$43 million from debt securities and repurchase 
receivables at fair value through profit or loss and U.S.$9 million from other income for the year ended 
31 December 2019. 
Interest Expense 
Interest expense includes all interest expense from term deposits of legal entities and individuals, 
current/settlement accounts, debt securities issued, due to other banks, subordinated debt, loan from the 
State Deposit Insurance Agency and other similar expense. 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense for the years 
shown:  
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest Expense 
 
 
Term deposits of legal entities.............................................................................. 
407 
550 
Current/settlement accounts ................................................................................. 
299 
284 
Debt securities issued ........................................................................................... 
243 
248 
Term deposits of individuals ................................................................................ 
226 
327 
Due to other banks ............................................................................................... 
97 
130 
Subordinated debt ................................................................................................ 
80 
103 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency ................................................... 
63 
62 
Total interest expense calculated using the effective interest method ............... 
1,415 
1,704 
Other similar expense ............................................................................................ 
7 
14

--- Page 88 ---
79 
 
The Alfa Banking Group’s total interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by 17.0 per cent. 
to U.S.$1,415 million from U.S.$1,704 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease resulted 
primarily from decreases in interest expense on term deposits of legal entities and individuals. These decreases 
were partially offset by an increase in interest expense on current/settlement account. 
Interest expense related to term deposits of legal entities  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to term deposits of legal entities for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased by 26 per cent. to U.S.$407 million from U.S.$550 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease resulted from a decrease in the average interest rate on term deposits of legal 
entities to 3.9 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 5.6 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2019 in line with the market trend caused by the decreasing CBR key rate and increasing competition 
for financially sound corporate clients among banks.  
Interest expense related to current/settlement accounts  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to current/settlement accounts for the year ended 
31 December 2020 increased by 5.3 per cent. to U.S.$299 million from U.S.$284 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This increase resulted from an increase in the average balance of current/settlement accounts 
by 29.7 per cent. to U.S.$24,520 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from U.S.$18,903 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 due to the growth of the Alfa Banking Group’s customer base in both the corporate 
and retail segments as well as the reallocation of liquidity by customers from deposits to current/settlement 
accounts due to reduced deposit rates. This increase was partially offset by a slight decrease in the average interest 
rate paid on such accounts from 1.5 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 1.2 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Interest expense related to debt securities issued  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to debt securities issued for the year ended 31 December 2020 
decreased by 2 per cent. to U.S.$243 million from U.S.$248 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This 
change reflected a slight increase in the average balance of debt securities issued during 2020 to U.S.$3,732 million 
as compared to U.S.$3,650 million in 2019 as a result of the issuance of debt securities by the Alfa Banking Group 
during 2020. 
Interest expense related to term deposits of individuals  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to term deposits of individuals for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased by 30.9 per cent. to U.S.$226 million from U.S.$327 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. This decrease was the result of 17.8 per cent. decrease in the average balance of term deposits 
of individuals from U.S.$7,195 for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$5,911 for the year ended 
31 December 2020 reflecting the reallocation of liquidity by customers from deposits to current/settlement 
accounts due to reduced deposit rates. The decrease in interest expense related to term deposits of individuals was 
also caused by a decrease in the average interest rate paid on such deposits to 3.8 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2020 from 4.5 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 in line with the market trend.  
Interest expense related to amounts due to other banks  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to amounts due to other banks for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased by 25.4 per cent. to U.S.$97 million from U.S.$130 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019 in line with the lower interest rate environment caused by decreases CBR key rate. 
Interest expense related to subordinated debt  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to subordinated debt for the year ended 31 December 2020 
decreased by 22.3 per cent. to U.S.$80 million from U.S.$103 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Interest expense related to the loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency  
The Alfa Banking Group’s interest expense related to the loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 1.6 per cent. to U.S.$63 million from U.S.$62 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 89 ---
80 
 
Credit loss allowance 
The following table sets out details of changes in the credit loss allowance of loans and advances to customers as 
at and for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Credit loss allowance as at the beginning of the year............................................  
1,197 
888 
Credit loss allowance during the year .....................................................................  
713 
710 
Amounts written off during the year as uncollectible .............................................  
(415) 
(456) 
Unwinding of discount ...........................................................................................  
19 
12 
Effect of translation to functional and presentation currency .................................  
(58) 
43 
Credit loss allowance as at the end of the year ......................................................  
1,456 
1,197 
The Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance charge recorded during the year ended 31 December 2020 
increased to U.S.$713 million as compared to U.S.$710 million during the year ended 31 December 2019, 
reflecting the impact of Covid-19 on economic activity in Russia. 
The credit loss allowance for the year ended 31 December 2020 differs from the amount presented in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income due to a U.S.$39 million (including 
U.S.$37 million relating to loans and advances to individuals) recovery of amounts previously written off as 
uncollectible. The credit loss allowance for the year ended 31 December 2019 differs from the amount presented 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income due to a U.S.$58 million (including 
U.S.$47 million relating to loans and advances to individuals) recovery of amounts previously written off as 
uncollectible. These amounts were credited directly to the credit loss allowance charge line in the respective 
consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income thereby decreasing the credit loss 
allowance presented therein. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s overall credit loss allowance level as a percentage of the total gross loans and advances 
to customers amounted to 3.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 compared to 3.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019.  
As at 31 December 2020, 3.2 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total gross loans and advances to customers 
were overdue (loans with a delay of one day or more in payment of interest or principal) (U.S.$1,365 million out 
of total gross loans and advances to customers of U.S.$42,714 million), compared to 1.9 per cent. of the Alfa 
Banking Group’s total gross loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2019 (U.S.$751 million out of 
total gross loans and advances to customers of U.S.$39,840 million). See “—Selected Statistical and Other 
Information—Loans and advances to customers—Credit Loss Allowance”. 
Net Non-Interest Income 
The Alfa Banking Group generates non-interest income from net fee and commission income, gains less losses 
arising from trading securities, interest based derivatives, foreign currencies, investments, investment properties 
and acquisition of own debts; and other operating income.  
The following table sets out the components of the Alfa Banking Group’s net non-interest income for the years 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Fee and commission income ................................................................................ 
1,685 
1,569 
Fee and commission expense ............................................................................... 
(444) 
(525) 
Net fee and commission income ............................................................................ 
1,241 
1,044 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities .................................................. 
32 
27 
Gains less losses arising from interest based derivatives ..................................... 
35 
17 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies 
217 
(225) 
Gains less losses arising from investments .......................................................... 
- 
(5) 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts ...................................... 
(6) 
1 
Impairment of goodwill ....................................................................................... 
(7) 
(10) 
Gains less losses from investment properties ....................................................... 
(3) 
(4) 
Other provisions................................................................................................... 
(18) 
(30) 
Other operating income ....................................................................................... 
14 
13 
Total net non-interest income ............................................................................... 
1,505 
828

--- Page 90 ---
81 
 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net non-interest income for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 81.8 per 
cent. to U.S.$1,505 million from U.S.$828 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase was 
primarily due to an increase in gains less losses arising from foreign currencies from a U.S.$225 million loss for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 to a U.S.$217 million gain for the year ended 31 December 2020 and increase 
in net fee and commission income from U.S.$1,044 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$1,241 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020. These changes were driven by increase in the fee and commission 
income, as well as volatility on the currency markets and revaluation of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and 
liabilities. 
Net fee and commission income 
Net fee and commission income is calculated as fee and commission income less fee and commission expense. 
The following table sets out the Alfa Banking Group’s components of fee and commission income and fee and 
commission expense for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Fee and commission income 
 
 
Commission on operations with plastic cards ...................................................... 
638 
692 
Commission on settlement transactions ............................................................... 
610 
539 
Agency commission on insurance operations ...................................................... 
223 
166 
Commission on cash and foreign currency exchange transactions ...................... 
98 
94 
Commission on guarantees issued ....................................................................... 
31 
28 
Other ..................................................................................................................... 
85 
50 
Total fee and commission income ......................................................................... 
1,685 
1,569 
 
 
 
Fee and commission expense 
 
 
Commission on operations with plastic cards ...................................................... 
327 
390 
Commission for consulting services .................................................................... 
27 
29 
Commission on settlement transactions ............................................................... 
19 
21 
Commission on cash and foreign currency exchange transactions ...................... 
7 
6 
Commission on transactions with securities ........................................................ 
6 
4 
Other 
  ......................................................................................................... 
58 
75 
Total fee and commission expense ........................................................................ 
444 
525 
Net fee and commission income ............................................................................ 
1,241 
1,044 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net fee and commission income for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 
18.9 per cent. to U.S.$1,241 million from U.S.$1,044 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase 
was primarily due to an increase in the majority of the fee and commission income components driven by an 
increase in the Alfa Banking Group’s customer base.  
Gains less losses arising from trading securities  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains less losses arising from trading securities for the year ended 31 December 2020 
amounted to U.S.$32 million as compared to gains less losses arising from trading securities in the amount of 
U.S.$27 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Gains less losses arising from interest-based derivatives  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains less losses arising from interest-based derivatives for the year ended 
31 December 2020 amounted to U.S.$35 million as compared to U.S.$17 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019. 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains less losses arising from foreign currencies for the year ended 31 December 2020 
amounted to a U.S.$217 million compared to a U.S.$225 million gains less losses arising from foreign currencies 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 due to volatility on the currency markets and revaluation of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s assets and liabilities.

--- Page 91 ---
82 
 
Gains less losses arising from investments  
The Alfa Banking Group’s gains less losses arising from investments for the year ended 31 December 2020 
amounted to nil, compared to U.S.$5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Other operating income  
The Alfa Banking Group’s other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 7.7 per cent. 
to U.S.$14 million from U.S.$13 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets out the major components of the Alfa Banking Group’s operating expenses for the years 
indicated:  
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Staff costs ............................................................................................................. 
783 
743 
Expenses related to premises and equipment ........................................................ 
83 
64 
Consulting and professional services .................................................................... 
65 
64 
Computer and telecommunications expenses ....................................................... 
63 
92 
Depreciation of premises and equipment .............................................................. 
57 
58 
Advertising and marketing .................................................................................... 
57 
79 
Amortisation of intangible assets .......................................................................... 
52 
57 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets ....................................................................... 
42 
37 
Maintenance .......................................................................................................... 
16 
19 
Administrative expenses ....................................................................................... 
14 
15 
Taxes other than income tax ................................................................................. 
7 
7 
Short-term and variable payment leases ............................................................... 
6 
18 
Travel expenses .................................................................................................... 
2 
5 
Other ..................................................................................................................... 
35 
60 
Total operating expenses ........................................................................................ 
1,282 
1,318 
Total operating expenses 
The Alfa Banking Group’s total operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by 2.7 per 
cent. to U.S.$1,282 million from U.S.$1,318 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was 
principally due to a decrease in computer and telecommunications expenses and other expenses, reflecting the Alfa 
Banking Group’s cost optimisation efforts amid the Covid-19 pandemic.  
Staff costs  
The Alfa Banking Group’s staff costs for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 5.4 per cent. to U.S.$783 
million from U.S.$743 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase reflects the expansion of the 
Alfa Banking Group’s operation.  
Income Tax Expense 
The Alfa Banking Group’s income tax expense for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
amounted to U.S.$373 million and U.S.$271 million, respectively. 
The statutory corporate income tax rate applicable to the Russian subsidiaries of the Alfa Banking Group, which 
comprise the major part of the Alfa Banking Group’s income, was 20 per cent. for each of the years presented. 
The statutory income tax rate applicable to the majority of income of the Alfa Banking Group from investment 
banking operations equals to either 15 per cent., or 20 per cent. for each year. 
The following table sets forth the Alfa Banking Group’s reconciliation of profit before tax to income tax expense 
for the years indicated:  
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Profit before tax 
1,720 
975 
Theoretical tax charge at the statutory rate (2020: 20%, 2019: 20%) ..................  
344 
195

--- Page 92 ---
83 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Tax effect of items which are not deductible or assessable for taxation purposes: 
 
 
– Non-deductible expenses .................................................................................  
54 
45 
– Net result on activities taxed at different rates .................................................  
(4) 
3 
– Foreign exchange on perpetual instruments ......................................................  
(31) 
22 
– Interest expense on perpetual instruments .........................................................  
(12) 
(15) 
– Other ................................................................................................................  
22 
21 
Income tax expense for the year ...........................................................................  
373 
271 
 
 
 
Profit  
The Alfa Banking Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased to U.S.$1,347 million from 
U.S.$704 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 mainly due to reductions in interest and fee and 
commission expenses as well as gains less losses arising from foreign currencies caused by decreasing interest 
rates and market volatility. Key profit criteria (interest income, fee and commission income) demonstrated stable 
growth showing successful implementation of the Alfa Banking Group’s strategy to expand its customers base and 
develop a system of remote channels, which resulted in the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to provide its clients with 
continued access to all products and services in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic.  
Other Comprehensive Income for the Year 
Other comprehensive income is related to the effect of the translation of the financial statements of foreign 
operations, net change in hedge of net investment in foreign operations and income tax recorded directly in other 
comprehensive income.  
The following table sets out details of changes in other comprehensive income for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
 
 
Effect of translation of the financial statements of foreign operations .......................  
(1,418) 
946 
Net change in hedge of net investment in foreign operations ....................................  
1,210 
(773) 
Income tax on items that may be reclassified to profit or loss ...................................  
(242) 
153 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: 
 
 
Revaluation of premises .............................................................................................  
8 
(3) 
Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss ..............................  
(2) 
1 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year  
(444) 
324 
The Alfa Banking Group’s other comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to U.S.$444 
million as compared to other comprehensive income of U.S.$324 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This change in other comprehensive income was primarily caused by a negative effect of translation of the financial 
statements of foreign operations which resulted from fluctuations in the Rouble / U.S.$ exchange rate during 2020. 
Cash Flows 
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Alfa Banking Group’s cash flow statements for the 
years indicated. 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Net cash from operating activities ..............................................................................  
587 
2,812 
Net cash from / (used in) investing activities ........................................................... 
1,123 
(1,120) 
Net cash from / (used in) financing activities .............................................................  
(1,088) 
188 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  
622 
1,880 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ..............................................  
6,450 
4,333 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ...................................  
(478) 
237 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year .......................................................  
6,594 
6,450

--- Page 93 ---
84 
 
Cash flows from Operating Activities 
Cash from operating activities comprises cash flows from the main operating profit or loss items and net increase 
or decrease in: mandatory cash balances with central banks, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and 
repurchase receivables, amounts due from other banks, loans and advances to customers, other financial assets and 
other assets and amounts due to other banks, customer accounts and other liabilities and other financial liabilities.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net cash inflows in respect of its operating activities for the year ended 
31 December 2020 decreased to U.S.$587 million from U.S.$2,812 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This decrease resulted principally from U.S.$8,014 million increase of cash outflows from loans and advances to 
customers in the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to U.S.$6,819 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019 reflecting an increase in the Alfa Banking Group’s loan portfolio and from U.S.$725 million 
cash outflows from due from other banks compared to U.S.$792 million cash inflows in the year ended 
31 December 2019. At the same time, the decrease in cash outflows was partially offset by increased cash inflows 
in due to other banks to U.S.$702 million in the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to U.S.$466 million in 
the year ended 31 December 2019 and by cash inflows in customer accounts to U.S.$6,909 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2020 compared to U.S.$6,503 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Cash flows from Investing Activities  
Cash from investing activities comprises cash flows from the acquisition of investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, the proceeds from the disposal and redemption of investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, the acquisition of investments at amortized cost, proceeds from redemption of investments 
at amortized cost, proceeds from the disposal of investments in associate, the acquisition of premises, equipment, 
intangible assets and investment properties, the proceeds from disposal of premises, equipment and investment 
properties.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net cash inflows in respect of its investing activities for the year ended 
31 December 2020 amounted to U.S.$1,123 million compared to U.S.$1,120 million cash outflows for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. This change was mainly caused by increase of proceeds from disposal and redemption 
of investments at fair value through other comprehensive income to U.S.$13,360 million in the year ended 
31 December 2020 compared to U.S.$11,027 million in the year ended 31 December 2019, which was partially 
offset by decrease in proceeds from redemption of investments at amortized cost from U.S.$713 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$646 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Cash flows used in Financing Activities  
Cash from financing activities comprises proceeds from debt securities issued, repayment of debt securities issued, 
interest paid on debt securities issued, repayment of loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency, interest paid 
on loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency, proceeds from subordinated debt, repayment of subordinated 
debt, interest paid on subordinated debt, proceeds from perpetual instruments, repayment of perpetual instruments, 
interest paid on perpetual instruments, dividends, repayment of lease liabilities and contributions from holders of 
non-controlling interest. Fluctuations in cash flow relating to the Alfa Banking Group’s financing activities are 
primarily attributable to the interaction between the Alfa Banking Group’s fundraising using other borrowed funds 
and the Alfa Banking Group’s repayment of those other borrowed funds, and hence also to both the amount of 
other borrowed funds raised by the Alfa Banking Group in any given period and the varying tenors of those 
borrowings.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net cash outflows in respect of its financing activities for the year ended 
31 December 2020 amounted to U.S.$1,088 million compared to net cash inflows in the amount of U.S.$188 
million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (in each case inclusive of interest paid on borrowed funds). This 
change resulted principally from an increase in repayment from debt securities issued to U.S.$1,186 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2020 from U.S.$528 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 and decrease of 
proceeds from subordinated debt that was partially offset by increase in proceeds from debt securities issued. 
Financial Position  
The following discussion of the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and liabilities should be read in conjunction with 
“Risk Management”.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s total assets as at 30 June 2021 increased by 7.9 per cent. to U.S.$66,767 million from 
U.S.$61,850 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase in total assets in the first half of 2021 was primarily 
due to increases in loans and advances to customers and due from other banks.

--- Page 94 ---
85 
 
Total Assets  
The following table sets out the Alfa Banking Group’s assets as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 
30 June 
2021 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents ................................................................. 
6,409 
6,594 
6,450 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks ..................................... 
494 
436 
422 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ............................ 
1,118 
1,753 
1,120 
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss.......................................................................... 
 
500 
41 
3 
Due from other banks ........................................................................ 
5,362 
4,076 
3,542 
Loans and advances to customers ...................................................... 
45,740 
41,258 
38,643 
Investments ........................................................................................ 
4,637 
5,273 
7,171 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments ................................. 
425 
398 
132 
Derivative financial instruments ........................................................ 
553 
552 
490 
Other financial assets ......................................................................... 
332 
257 
234 
Other assets ........................................................................................ 
328 
353 
443 
Premises and equipment and right-of-use assets ................................ 
869 
859 
816 
Total assets ....................................................................................... 
66,767 
61,850 
59,446 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents is composed of cash on hand, cash balances with central banks (other than mandatory 
cash balances), correspondent and settlement accounts with banks and financial institutions, and overnight 
placements with other banks.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s cash and cash equivalents as at 30 June 2021 decreased by 2.8 per cent. to U.S.$6,409 
million from U.S.$6,594 million as at December 2020, which in turn represented increase compared to U.S.$6,450 
million as at 31 December 2019. 
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss and Repurchase Receivables relating to Financial Assets 
at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss  
The Alfa Banking Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 30 June 2021 decreased to 
U.S.$1,118 million from U.S.$1,753 million as at 31 December 2020 due to the decision to decrease the portfolio 
of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss amidst the stabilisation of the economic outlook.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as 
at 30 June 2021 increased to U.S.$500 million from U.S.$41 million as at 31 December 2020 due to an increase 
in operations on the repo market following the stabilisation of the economic outlook and attractive terms on the 
repo market. The Alfa Banking Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and repurchase 
receivables relating to financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 31 December 2020 increased to 
U.S.$1,794 million from U.S.$1,123 million as at 31 December 2019 due to the Alfa Banking Group’s decision to 
allocate liquidity into its securities portfolio and repurchase transactions in response to the uncertain economic 
environment in Russia. 
Due from Other Banks  
Changes in amounts due from other banks are largely a function of the Alfa Banking Group’s short-term liquidity 
position. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s amounts due from other banks as at 30 June 2021 increased by 31.6 per cent. to 
U.S.$5,362 million from U.S.$4,076 million as at 31 December 2020. The Alfa Banking Group’s amounts due 
from other banks as at 31 December 2020 increased by 15.1 per cent. to U.S.$4,076 million from U.S.$3,542 
million as at 31 December 2019. This increase primarily related to increase in the Alfa Banking Group’s activities 
on the interbank lending market via repo transactions and term placements. 
Loans and Advances to Customers  
The Alfa Banking Group’s net loans and advances to customers as at 30 June 2021 increased by 10.9 per cent. to 
U.S.$45,740 million from U.S.$41,258 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase was attributable to the 
organic growth of the Alfa Banking Group’s loan portfolio, including through the successful development of

--- Page 95 ---
86 
 
corporate investment banking, in particular, further development of medium, small and micro banking, as well as 
substantial growth of the retail base and mortgage portfolio, which is attributable to the continuing efforts to 
improve the quality of services and the digitalisation of the Alfa Banking Group’s operations. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s net loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2020 increased by 6.8 per cent. 
to U.S.$41,258 million from U.S.$38,643 million as at 31 December 2019. The increase was attributable to the 
organic growth of the Alfa Banking Group’s loan portfolio, including through the successful development of 
corporate investment banking and mortgage products. 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables relating to Investments  
The Alfa Banking Group’s investments and repurchase receivables relating to investments as at 30 June 2021 
decreased by 10.7 per cent. to U.S.$5,062 million from U.S.$5,671 million as at 31 December 2020. This decrease 
was driven by a 12.1 per cent. decrease in investments to U.S.$4,637 million as at 30 June 2021 compared to 
U.S.$5,273 million as at 31 December 2020, due to re-allocation of financial assets.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s investments and repurchase receivables relating to investments as at 31 December 2020 
decreased by 22.3 per cent. to U.S.$5,671 million from U.S.$7,303 million as at 31 December 2019. This decrease 
was driven by a 26.5 per cent. decrease in investments to U.S.$5,273 million as at 31 December 2020 compared 
to U.S.$7,171 million as at 31 December 2019, reflecting the Alfa Banking Group management’s decision to 
optimise debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income including the Russian Federation 
bonds and Eurobonds. 
Total Liabilities  
The following table sets out the Alfa Banking Group’s liabilities as at the dates indicated:  
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Due to other banks ................................................................................  
2,982 
2,826 
2,448 
Customer accounts ................................................................................  
47,294 
43,708 
41,422 
Debt securities issued............................................................................  
3,366 
3,664 
3,876 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency ....................................  
494 
452 
470 
Subordinated debt .................................................................................  
1,124 
807 
1,566 
Derivative financial instruments ...........................................................  
547 
657 
661 
Other financial liabilities ......................................................................  
569 
410 
465 
Other liabilities .....................................................................................  
532 
366 
358 
Deferred tax liability .............................................................................  
293 
289 
58 
Total liabilities .........................................................................................  
57,201 
53,179 
51,324 
 
The Alfa Banking Group’s total liabilities as at 30 June 2021 increased by 7.6 per cent. to U.S.$57,201 million 
from U.S.$53,179 million as at 31 December 2020. The Alfa Banking Group’s total liabilities as at 
31 December 2020 increased by 3.6 per cent. to U.S.$53,179 million from U.S.$51,324 million as at 
31 December 2019. The increase in total liabilities was caused mainly by increase in customer accounts growth in 
corporate and retail deposit portfolios reflecting the growth of the Alfa Banking Group’s clients base. 
Customer Accounts  
The following table sets out the composition of the Alfa Banking Group’s customer account portfolio as at the 
dates indicated:  
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Commercial organisations: 
 
 
 
Current/settlement accounts ................................................................  
12,848 
10,514 
8,530 
Term deposits .....................................................................................  
7,883 
7,837 
8,722 
Individuals: 
 
 
 
Current/demand accounts ...................................................................  
19,540 
17,707 
13,058 
Term deposits .....................................................................................  
3,288 
4,028 
7,563 
State and public organisations: 
 
 
 
Current/settlement accounts ................................................................  
546 
411 
255

--- Page 96 ---
87 
 
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
Term deposits .....................................................................................  
3,189 
3,211 
3,294 
Total customer accounts .......................................................................  
47,294 
43,708 
41,422 
Current/settlement accounts of commercial organisations 
The current/settlement accounts maintained by commercial organisations with the Alfa Banking Group as at 
30 June 2021 increased by 22.2 per cent. to U.S.$12,848 million from U.S.$10,514 million as at 
31 December 2020. The current/settlement accounts maintained by commercial organisations with the Alfa 
Banking Group as at 31 December 2020 increased by 23.3 per cent. to U.S.$10,514 million from U.S.$8,530 
million as at 31 December 2019 mainly. Continuing increase of the current/settlement accounts maintained by 
commercial organisations reflects the expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s operations in the MSME sector, as 
well as the reallocation of liquidity by customers from deposits to current/settlement accounts due to reduced 
deposit rates. 
Term deposits of commercial organisations  
The Alfa Banking Group’s term deposits of commercial organisations as at 30 June 2021 slightly increased by 0.6 
per cent. to U.S.$7,883 million from U.S.$7,837 million as at 31 December 2020. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s term deposits of commercial organisations as at 31 December 2020 decreased by 10.2 
per cent. to U.S.$7,837 million from U.S.$8,722 million as at 31 December 2019 mainly reflecting the use of 
liquidity by corporate clients during deteriorating economic conditions caused by Covid-19 as well as decreasing 
interest rates. 
Current/demand accounts of individuals  
The Alfa Banking Group’s current/demand accounts maintained by individuals as at 30 June 2021 increased by 
10.4 per cent. to U.S.$19,540 million from U.S.$17,707 million as at 31 December 2020. The Alfa Banking 
Group’s current/demand accounts maintained by individuals as at 31 December 2020 increased by 35.6 per cent. 
to U.S.$17,707 million from U.S.$13,058 million as at 31 December 2019. This increase is mainly attributable to 
the expansion of the Alfa Banking Group’s customer base as well as the reallocation of liquidity by customers 
from deposits to current/settlement accounts due to reduced deposit rates. 
Term deposits of individuals  
The Alfa Banking Group’s term deposits placed by individuals as at 30 June 2021 decreased by 18.4 per cent. to 
U.S.$3,288 million from U.S.$4,028 million as at 31 December 2020. The Alfa Banking Group’s term deposits 
placed by individuals as at 31 December 2020 decreased by 46.7 per cent. to U.S.$4,028 million from U.S.$7,563 
million as at 31 December 2019. This decrease is resulted from the reallocation of liquidity by customers from 
deposits to current/settlement accounts due to reduced deposit rates. 
Current/settlement accounts of state and public organisations 
The Alfa Banking Group’s current/settlement accounts maintained by state and public organisations as at 
30 June 2021 increased by 32.8 per cent. to U.S.$546 million from U.S.$411 million as at 31 December 2020. The 
Alfa Banking Group’s current/settlement accounts maintained by state and public organisations as at 
31 December 2020 increased by 61.2 per cent. to U.S.$411 million from U.S.$255 million as at 
31 December 2019. This decrease is mainly drive by the reallocation of liquidity by customers from deposits to 
current/settlement accounts. 
Term deposits of state and public organisations 
The Alfa Banking Group’s term deposits of state and public organisations as at 30 June 2021 slightly decreased to 
U.S.$3,189 million from U.S.$3,211 million as at 31 December 2020.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s term deposits of state and public organisations as at 31 December 2020 slightly 
decreased to U.S.$3,211 million from U.S.$3,294 million as at 31 December 2019. The decrease in term deposits 
of state and public organisations mainly reflected the use of liquidity by clients during a period of deteriorating 
economic conditions caused by Covid-19, decreasing interest rates as well as reallocation of liquidity by customers 
from deposits to current/settlement accounts due to reduced deposit rates.

--- Page 97 ---
88 
 
Debt Securities Issued, Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency and Subordinated Debt  
Debt securities issued, loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency and subordinated debt serve as an important 
funding source for the Alfa Banking Group.  
The following table sets out the Alfa Banking Group’s debt securities issued, loan from the State Deposit Insurance 
Agency and subordinated debt as at the dates indicated:  
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency ........................  
494 
452 
470 
Notes .........................................................................................  
1,168 
1,766 
1,809 
Rouble denominated bonds .......................................................  
1,886 
1,594 
1,550 
Promissory notes .......................................................................  
236 
229 
369 
Euro Commercial Paper Notes ..................................................  
50 
49 
126 
U.S. Dollars denominated bonds...............................................  
14 
14 
10 
Euro denominated bonds ..........................................................  
12 
12 
12 
Subordinated debt .....................................................................  
1,124 
807 
1,566 
Total .............................................................................................  
4,984 
4,923 
5,912 
The Alfa Banking Group’s debt securities issued, loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency and subordinated 
debt as at 30 June 2021 increased by 1.2 per cent. to U.S.$4,984 million from U.S.$4,923 million as at 
31 December 2020. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s debt securities issued, loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency and subordinated 
debt as at 31 December 2020 decreased by 16.7 per cent. to U.S.$4,923 million from U.S.$5,912 million as at 
31 December 2019.  
Due to other Banks  
The Alfa Banking Group engages in short-term interbank borrowings, primarily as part of its correspondent 
banking business and to regulate its liquidity.  
The following table sets out the Alfa Banking Group’s amounts due to other banks as at the dates shown:  
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Correspondent accounts and overnight placements of other banks 
 
 
Russian Federation ............................................................................................. 
665 
458 
Other countries ................................................................................................... 
71 
62 
Term placements of other banks ............................................................................. 
1,327 
1,647 
Sale and repurchase agreements with other banks ................................................. 
507 
138 
Placements with the Central Bank of Russia 
 
 
Loans received under a secured lending programme .......................................... 
105 
139 
Term deposits ..................................................................................................... 
151 
4 
Total due to other banks ......................................................................................... 
2,826 
2,448 
 
The Alfa Banking Group’s amounts due to other banks as at 31 December 2020 increased by 15.4 per cent. to 
U.S.$2,826 million from U.S.$2,448 million as at 31 December 2019. This increase reflects the Alfa Banking 
Group’s funding and liquidity management operations and the decision to diversify its sources of funding. 
Analysis by Segment  
The Alfa Banking Group’s primary format for reportable segment information is business segments. The Alfa 
Banking Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus describes its business in terms of four main business 
segments:  
 
Corporate and investment banking, which provides a broad range of commercial and investment banking 
services and products, including corporate lending, leasing, corporate deposit services, factoring, trade 
finance operations, structured corporate lending, securities trading, debt and equity capital markets,

--- Page 98 ---
89 
 
derivatives, structured financing, foreign exchange trading, corporate finance and merger and acquisition 
advisory services to large corporations, and other financial institutions;  
 
Medium, small and micro banking, which provides an extensive range of banking services, including 
customer current accounts, savings, deposits, settlements, cash services and provision of loans to small and 
medium businesses and individual entrepreneurs; 
 
Retail banking, which provides a wide range of retail banking services, including retail demand account 
and deposit services, credit and debit card services, lending (including consumer loans, personal instalment 
loans, credit card lending, car loans and mortgages), money transfers and private banking services to 
individuals; and 
 
Treasury operations, which manage the Alfa Banking Group’s own funding activities and internal funding 
reallocation, liquidity and risk management activities and investment in liquid assets, as well as short-term 
money market and promissory note operations.  
The accounting policies of the operating segments of the Alfa Banking Group are materially the same as those 
described in the summary of significant accounting policies as set out in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements except for: (i) use of a transfer pricing system, (ii) a different classification of certain lines of income 
and expenses, and (iii) some balances and operations are excluded from the segment analysis since they are 
monitored separately and on a less regular basis (including situations where the balance is not allocated and related 
income or expense is allocated for the segment analysis and vice versa). In accordance with the transfer pricing 
system used by the Alfa Banking Group funds are generally reallocated at interest rates set by the Treasury 
Department of the Alfa Banking Group, which are determined by reference to market interest rate benchmarks, 
contractual maturities for loans and observed actual maturities of customer account balances. Consequently, 
financial statements line items in analysis by segment in accordance with IFRS 8 may not equal respective financial 
statements line items. Refer to Note “Segment Analysis” to the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements 
for reconciliation of segment information to respective financial statement items.  
The Alfa Banking Group has changed its segmentation by introducing a new reportable segment “Medium, small 
and micro banking”. The segment reported revenue and profit before tax were greater than 10 per cent. of the 
combined reported revenue and profit before tax of all operating segments of the Alfa Banking Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 and as at 31 December 2019 the segment met the definition for the separate disclosure.  
The following tables set out segmental profit or loss information for the main reportable business segments of the 
Alfa Banking Group for the years indicated:  
 
 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
Six months ended 30 June 2021 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment revenues: 
 
 
 
 
 
Total external revenues ............................  
920 
602 
1,311 
104 
2,937 
Interest income from other segments .......  
206 
252 
385 
1,511 
2,354 
Fee and commission income from other 
segments ..................................................  
- 
- 
2 
4 
6 
Total segment revenues .............................  
1,126 
854 
1,698 
1,619 
5,297 
Segment result ............................................  
465 
355 
409 
12 
1,241 
 
 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
Six months ended 30 June 2020 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment revenues: 
 
 
 
 
 
Total external revenues ............................  
960 
508 
1,043 
132 
2,643 
Interest income from other segments .......  
217 
250 
408 
1,597 
2,472 
Fee and commission income from other 
segments ..................................................  
- 
- 
- 
8 
8 
Total segment revenues .............................  
1,177 
 758 
1,451 
1,737 
5,123 
Segment result ............................................  
 183 
 286 
 60 
 80 
 609

--- Page 99 ---
90 
 
 
 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment revenues: 
 
 
 
 
 
Total external revenues ............................  
1,827 
1,091 
2,215 
202 
5,335 
Interest income from other segments .......  
387 
489 
770 
2,945 
4,591 
Fee and commission income from other 
segments ..................................................  
- 
- 
- 
17 
17 
Total segment revenues .............................  
2,214 
1,580 
2,985 
3,164 
9,943 
Segment result ............................................  
478 
662 
477 
13 
1,630 
 
 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment revenues: 
 
 
 
 
 
Total external revenues ............................  
2,233 
982 
1,976 
320 
5,511 
Interest income from other segments .......  
469 
526 
956 
3,622 
5,573 
Fee and commission income from other 
segments ..................................................  
- 
- 
- 
24 
24 
Total segment revenues .............................  
2,702 
1,508 
2,932 
3,966 
11,108 
Segment result ............................................  
325 
525 
494 
(8) 
1,336 
 
The following tables set out segmental balance sheet information for the main reportable business segments of the 
Alfa Banking Group as at the dates indicated:  
As at 30 June 2021 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment assets ............................................ 
34,037 
5,075 
14,276 
8,602 
61,990 
Segment liabilities ....................................... 
11,714 
12,173 
21,380 
9,957 
55,224 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment assets ............................................ 
29,856 
7,189 
11,080 
9,087 
57,212 
Segment liabilities ....................................... 
10,178 
10,946 
20,660 
9,781 
51,565 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Corporate 
and 
investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Segment assets ............................................ 
30,287 
4,040 
9,971 
10,661 
54,959 
Segment liabilities ....................................... 
9,508 
9,911 
19,798 
10,687 
49,904 
 
Credit Related Commitments and Performance Guarantees  
The primary purpose of guarantees and letters of credit is to ensure that funds are available to customers and 
counterparties as required. Guarantees and standby letters of credit, which represent irrevocable assurances that 
the Alfa Banking Group will make payments in the event that a customer cannot meet its obligations to third

--- Page 100 ---
91 
 
parties, carry the same credit risk as loans. Documentary and commercial letters of credit, which are written 
undertakings by the Alfa Banking Group on behalf of a customer authorising a third party to draw drafts on the 
Alfa Banking Group up to a stipulated amount under specific terms and conditions, are collateralised by the 
underlying shipments of goods to which they relate or cash deposits and therefore carry less risk than a direct 
borrowing. Outstanding credit related commitments and performance guarantees were as follows as at the dates 
indicated:  
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
As at 31 December  
2020 
2019 
 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Unused credit cards limits ........................................................  
7,707 
6,940 
6,523 
Import letters of credit ..........................................................  
885 
855 
551 
Corporate overdrafts .............................................................  
773 
672 
1,063 
Financial guarantees .................................................................  
298 
246 
157 
Export letters of credit ..........................................................  
42 
11 
17 
Performance guarantees ...........................................................  
4,327 
2,619 
1,636 
Total credit related commitments and performance guarantees 
14,032 
11,343 
9,947 
The total outstanding contractual amount of guarantees and letters of credit does not necessarily represent future 
cash requirements, as these financial instruments may expire or terminate without being funded. 
The total value of credit related commitments and performance guarantees increased by 23.7 per cent. to 
U.S.$14,032 million as at 30 June 2021, compared to U.S.$11,343 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase 
was mainly attributable to the increase in the credit cards limits and performance guarantees due to the growth of 
the Alfa Banking Group’s retail and MSME customer base.  
Capital Commitments  
 As at 31 December 2020, the Alfa Banking Group had capital commitments of U.S.$109 million, of which 
U.S.$94 million related to construction expenditure and the modernisation of premises and U.S.$5 million related 
to the purchase and installation of new computer systems. 
As at 31 December 2019, the Alfa Banking Group had capital commitments of U.S.$95 million, of which U.S.$88 
million related to construction expenditure and the modernisation of premises and U.S.$7 million related to the 
purchase and installation of new computer systems. 
These amounts are not reflected in the Alfa Banking Group’s balance sheet in the ABH Financial Consolidated 
Financial Statements, but are disclosed in Note “Contingencies and Commitments” to the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The Alfa Banking Group’s management has already allocated the necessary 
resources in respect of these commitments, and believes that future income and funding will be sufficient to cover 
this and any similar commitments in the future.  
Derivative Financial Instruments  
The Alfa Banking Group uses foreign exchange and other derivative financial instruments that are generally traded 
in an over-the-counter market with professional market counterparties on standardised or specific contractual terms 
and conditions. Derivative financial instruments including foreign exchange contracts, currency and interest rate 
swaps and other derivative financial instruments are carried at their fair value, which varies as a result of 
fluctuations in market interest rates, foreign exchange rates or other variables relative to their terms. All derivatives 
are carried as assets when fair value is positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.  
The table below sets out derivative contracts of the Alfa Banking Group as at the dates shown:  
 
As at 30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
 
Positive 
Negative 
Positive 
Negative 
Positive 
Negative 
Derivative financial instruments other than 
foreign exchange based forward and swap 
contracts .............................................................  
33 
(33) 
37 
(38) 
15 
(20) 
Foreign exchange based forward and swap 
contracts .................................................................  
520 
(514) 
515 
(619) 
475 
(641) 
Total ..................................................................  
553 
(547) 
552 
(657) 
490 
(661)

--- Page 101 ---
92 
 
Derivative financial instrument assets  
As of 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group’s derivative financial instrument assets remain relatively stable 
compared to 30 June 2020. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s derivative financial instrument assets increased by 12.7 per cent. to U.S.$552 million 
as at 31 December 2020 from U.S.$490 million as at 31 December 2019, due to fluctuations in market interest 
rates and foreign exchange rates. 
Derivative financial instrument liabilities  
The Alfa Banking Group’s derivative financial instrument liabilities as at 30 June 2021 was U.S.$547 million 
compared to U.S.$657 million as at 31 December 2020, mainly due to redemption of contracts expiring before 
30 June 2021 and net change in fair value of derivative financial liabilities with negative fair value. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s derivative financial instrument liabilities slightly decreased to U.S.$657 million as at 
31 December 2020 from U.S.$661 million as at 31 December 2019, due to revaluation of contracts as a result of 
Rouble volatility. 
Legal Proceedings  
From time to time and in the normal course of business, claims against the Alfa Banking Group are received. On 
the basis of its own estimates and both internal and external professional advice, the Alfa Banking Group’s 
management is of the opinion that no material losses exceeding the provision of U.S.$2 million recorded in the 
ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements will be incurred in respect of such claims as at 
31 December 2020 and 30 June 2021. In August 2021, the Alfa Banking Group received a claim from the 
Prosecutor General’s Office of the Russian Federation requiring the Alfa Banking Group to pay U.S.$104 million 
in relation to a settlement of certain loans with one of its significant borrowers. On 8 September 2021, the Moscow 
Arbitration Court upheld the prosecutor’s claim and ordered Alfa Bank to pay approximately U.S.$30 million and 
RUB 5 billion. On 22 September 2021, the Alfa Banking Group and the prosecutor entered into a settlement 
agreement and settled this dispute. 
Tax Legislation  
A significant part of operations of the Alfa Banking Group is undertaken in the Russian Federation. Russian tax 
legislation (including changes enacted at the end of the reporting period), is subject to varying interpretations when 
being applied to the transactions and activities of the Alfa Banking Group. Consequently, tax positions taken by 
management and the formal documentation supporting the tax positions may be challenged by relevant authorities. 
Russian tax administration is gradually strengthening, including the fact that there is a higher risk of tax review of 
transactions without a clear business purpose or with tax incompliant counterparties. Fiscal periods remain open 
to review by the authorities in respect of taxes for three calendar years preceding the year of review. Under certain 
circumstances reviews may cover longer periods. 
The Russian transfer pricing legislation is to a large extent aligned with the international transfer pricing principles 
developed by the OECD. This legislation provides the possibility for tax authorities to make transfer pricing 
adjustments and impose additional tax liabilities in respect of controlled transactions (transactions with related 
parties and some types of transactions with unrelated parties), provided that the transaction price is not on an arm’s 
length basis. The legislation contains special rules for adjustment of transaction prices for tax purposes which 
includes transfer pricing rules as well as rules for securities and derivatives. It is possible, with the evolution of 
the interpretation of the transfer pricing rules, that such transfer prices could be challenged. The impact of any 
such challenge cannot be reliably estimated. 
The Alfa Banking Group includes companies incorporated outside of Russia. The tax liabilities of the Alfa Banking 
Group are determined on the assumption that these companies are not subject to Russian profits tax, because they 
do not have a permanent establishment in Russia. This interpretation of relevant legislation may be challenged but 
the impact of any such challenge cannot be reliably estimated currently; however, it may impact the financial 
position and/or some operations of the Alfa Banking Group. 
In 2014, the Anti-Offshore Law introduced Russian taxation of profits of foreign companies and non-corporate 
structures (including trusts) controlled by Russian tax residents (controlling parties). Starting from 2015, 
“controlled foreign companies” income is subject to a 20 per cent. tax rate if the “controlled foreign company” is 
controlled by a legal entity and a rate of 13 per cent. if it is controlled by an individual. As a result, management 
reassessed the Alfa Banking Group’s tax positions and concluded that this new legislation does not result in 
additional material deferred taxes for temporary differences that arose from the expected taxable manner of 
recovery of the relevant Alfa Banking Group’s operations to which the “controlled foreign companies” legislation 
will apply to.

--- Page 102 ---
93 
 
As Russian tax legislation does not provide definitive guidance in certain areas, the Alfa Banking Group adopts, 
from time to time, interpretations of such uncertain areas that may be challenged by tax authorities. While 
management currently estimates that the tax positions and interpretations that it has taken can probably be 
sustained, there is a possible risk that outflow of resources will be required should such tax positions and 
interpretations be challenged by the relevant authorities. The impact of any such challenge cannot be reliably 
estimated; however, it may be significant to the financial position and/or the overall operations of the Alfa Banking 
Group. 
In addition to the aforementioned risks, the Alfa Banking Group estimates that as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 it had no other material probable or possible tax exposures. Any exposures are estimates that 
result from uncertainties in interpretation of applicable legislation and related documentation requirements. 
Management will vigorously defend the entity’s positions and interpretations that were applied in determining 
taxes recognised in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements if these are challenged by the authorities. 
Regulatory compliance 
The Alfa Banking Group provides financial services in Russia, Netherlands, Cyprus and other jurisdictions. 
Financial services are subject to regulation by authorities in connection with obtaining and renewing various 
licences and permits, as well as with ongoing compliance with existing laws and regulations and with the terms 
and conditions of the respective licences and permits. The failure to comply with the legal and regulatory 
requirements may result in the imposition of fines or penalties or more severe sanctions including the suspension, 
amendment or termination of licences and permits or in requirements to limit certain business activities. 
In the normal course of business, the Alfa Banking Group must interpret and apply existing legal and regulatory 
requirements to its activities. From time to time matters of actual or potential non-compliance with existing legal 
or regulatory requirements may be identified. The management of the Alfa Banking Group is focused on the 
rectification of such matters known as at the date of this Base Prospectus and believes that such matters will not 
result in significant operating restrictions or material financial losses. No provisions have been recorded in this 
respect. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Alfa Banking Group’s Business and Industry—Failure of the 
Alfa Banking Group to comply with various corporate law and regulatory requirements may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations” and “Description of the Alfa Banking 
Group—Major Subsidiaries—ATB”. 
Capital Adequacy of Alfa Bank 
Alfa Bank is required to comply with capital adequacy ratios set by the CBR. For the purposes of calculating Alfa 
Bank’s capital adequacy ratios according to the CBR’s requirements on RAR unconsolidated basis, Alfa Bank’s 
principal assets are divided into five categories with different risk weightings. Under Russian law, the N1.0 Ratio 
that the banks are required to maintain is calculated (on an unconsolidated basis) as the ratio of a bank’s owned 
funds (its capital) to the total amount of its risk weighted assets. The minimum N1.0 Ratio required by the CBR 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus is 8.0 per cent. In addition, banks are required to maintain the N1.1 Ratio and 
the N1.2 Ratio at or above 4.5 per cent. and 6.0 per cent., respectively. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. and a capital buffer for systemically important credit organisations of 
1 per cent. is applicable to Alfa Bank’s minimum capital adequacy requirements. See “—The CBR regulations 
phasing in Basel III in Russia could have an adverse effect on Alfa Bank, its capital ratios and its regulatory 
capital” and “The Banking Sector and Banking Regulation in the Russian Federation—Regulation—Mandatory 
Economic Ratios” for further details on the capital and other mandatory economic ratios set by the CBR. 
Alfa Bank’s N1.0 Ratio amounted to 13.99 per cent. as at 1 July 2021, 13.26 per cent. as at 1 January 2021 and 
12.69 per cent. as at 1 January 2020, which in each case exceeded the minimum required by the CBR. Alfa Bank’s 
N1.1 Ratio and N1.2 Ratio as of 1 July 2021 was 10.62 per cent. and 11.98 per cent., respectively and 10.27 per 
cent. and 11.81 per cent. as of 1 January 2021, and 9.013 per cent. and 10.71 per cent., respectively, as of 
1 January 2020, which in each case exceeded the minimum required by the CBR. 
 Capital Management of the Alfa Banking Group  
The Alfa Banking Group’s main objectives when managing capital are: (i) to comply with the capital requirements 
set by the respective central banks and debt covenants, (ii) to safeguard the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, and (iii) to maintain a sufficient capital base to achieve a capital adequacy ratio based 
on Basel III of at least 8 per cent. The Alfa Banking Group’s capital adequacy ratio is monitored monthly.  
The following table sets forth the composition of the Alfa Banking Group’s capital and the Alfa Banking Group’s 
capital adequacy ratios as at the dates indicated in accordance with the Basel III:

--- Page 103 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
As at 
30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(U.S.$ millions except as 
otherwise stated) 
Common equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1) .......................................... 
8,508 
7,624 
6,973 
Additional Tier 1 capital: instruments ............................................  
903 
918 
966 
Tier 1 Capital.................................................................................. 
9,411 
8,542 
7,939 
Tier 2 Capital.................................................................................. 
937 
693 
971 
Total Capital ................................................................................. 
10,348 
9,235 
8,910 
Risk weighted assets  
55,290 
51,968 
48,581 
Capital adequacy ratios 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(1) .......................................................  
17.0% 
16.4% 
16.3% 
Total capital adequacy ratio(1) ........................................................  
18.7% 
17.8% 
18.3% 
 ___________________________  
(1) 
Capital as a percentage of risk weighted assets. 
 
The management of the Alfa Banking Group believes that both ABH Financial and Alfa Bank were in compliance 
with all externally imposed capital requirements as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Critical accounting estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies and adoption of new or 
revised standards and interpretations 
The Alfa Banking Group’s significant accounting policies and critical accounting estimates and judgements in 
applying accounting policies are described in Note 3 and Note 4 to the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements, respectively. 
For detailed description of the impact of adoption of new standards see Note 5 to the ABH Financial Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

--- Page 104 ---
95 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements but does not contain any 
consolidated financial information subsequent to 30 June 2021. As a result, the financial information contained in 
this Base Prospectus does not reflect changes in the economic environment in which the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business operated since 30 June 2021.  
On 14 July 2021, ATB issued additional shares in favour of Alfa Bank and ATB Holdings S.A. As a result, the 
paid-up share capital of ATB amounted to EUR195,086,400 Alfa Bank holding 78.36 per cent., ATB Holdings 
S.A. holding 10.27 per cent., ABH Holdings S.A. holding 5.75 per cent. and ATB ESPP B.V. holding 5.62 per 
cent. of the total shares. 
In August 2021, the Issuer issued Series 14 RUB 10,000,000,000 7.85 per cent. loan participations notes due 2025 
under the Programme.  
In September 2021, Alfa Bank issued RUB 6 billion domestic bonds at 7.9 per cent. due September 2023. 
In October 2021, Alfa Bank issued RUB 10 billion domestic bonds at 8.06 per cent. due October 2022. 
On 18 November 2021, in order to strengthen its management team in line with the Alfa Banking Group’s current 
strategy (see “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—Strategy”), the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank elected 
Alexei Giyazov, Andrey Guletskiy, Yulia Mikhailova and Alexandra Tymbai as new members of the Executive 
Board of Alfa Bank. 
In December 2021, Alfa Bank issued RUB 10 billion domestic bonds at 9.55 per cent. due June 2023. 
On 13 December 2021, Alfa Bank paid dividends on common shares in the amount of RUB 8 billion.

--- Page 105 ---
96 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP 
Overview  
The Alfa Banking Group, of which Alfa Bank is a key part, is the largest privately-owned Russian banking group 
that offers a wide range of banking products and services principally in the Russian Federation, and conducts 
certain banking operations and financial services in the Netherlands and Cyprus. The Alfa Banking Group has 
three main segments:  
 
Corporate and investment banking, which provides a broad range of commercial and investment banking 
services and products, including corporate lending, leasing, corporate deposit services, factoring, trade 
finance operations, structured corporate lending, securities trading, debt and equity capital markets, 
derivatives, structured financing, foreign exchange trading, corporate finance and merger and acquisition 
advisory services to large corporations and MSMEs, and other financial institutions. As at 
31 December 2019, the Alfa Banking Group has separated medium, small and micro banking business into 
new reportable segment in accordance with IFRS standards;  
 
Retail banking, which provides a wide range of retail banking services, including retail demand accounts, 
term deposit services, credit and debit card services, lending (including consumer loans, personal instalment 
loans, credit card lending, car loans and mortgages), money transfers and private banking services to 
individuals; and  
 
Treasury operations, which manage the Alfa Banking Group’s own funding activities and internal funding 
reallocation, liquidity and risk management activities and investment in liquid assets, as well as short-term 
money market and promissory note operations.  
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had 491 offices (including branches, regional branches and outlets), 
most of which were operated by Alfa-Bank, compared to 486 offices as at 31 December 2020.  
According to surveys conducted by Banki.ru on the basis of RAR financial statements, as at 30 June 2021, Alfa 
Bank was the Russian Federation’s fifth largest bank in terms of assets and fourth largest bank in terms equity and 
loans, as well as the largest privately-owned bank in terms of assets, loans and equity.  
Alfa Bank is also the largest Russian privately-owned bank by retail demand deposits, with a 9.78 per cent. market 
share of retail demand deposits by value as at 30 June 2021 and 9.82 as at 31 December 2020 according to 
calculations by Alfa Bank based on published CBR statistics. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had total assets of U.S.$66,767 million, total equity of U.S.$9,566 
million, loans and advances to customers of U.S.$45,740 million and customer accounts totalling U.S.$47,294 
million, compared to total assets of U.S.$61,850 million, total equity of U.S.$8,671 million, loans and advances 
to customers of U.S.$41,258 million and customer accounts totalling U.S.$43,708 million as at 31 December 2020. 
For further detail on the Alfa Banking Group’s results of operations and financial condition, see “Operating and 
Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group”.  
Shareholders  
The ultimate parent company of the Alfa Banking Group is ABH Holdings, a corporation incorporated under the 
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, which owns 97.4 per cent. of the shares in ABH Financial directly (the 
remaining 2.6 per cent. of the shares in ABH Financial are held through Alfa Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ABH Holdings is directly owned by seven shareholders in the 
following proportions: 
Name  
Percentage 
Mikhail Fridman .................................................................................................................................  
32.8632% 
German Khan ......................................................................................................................................  
20.9659% 
Alexei Kuzmichev ..............................................................................................................................  
16.3239% 
Petr Aven ............................................................................................................................................  
12.4018% 
UniCredit S.p.A ..................................................................................................................................  
9.9% 
The Mark Foundation for Cancer Research ........................................................................................  
3.8736% 
Andrey Kosogov .................................................................................................................................  
3.6716% 
Total ...................................................................................................................................................  
100.00% 
For information regarding the exposure of the Alfa Banking Group to related parties, see “Related Party 
Transactions”.

--- Page 106 ---
97 
 
History and Structure of the Alfa Banking Group  
Alfa Finance Holdings  
Alfa Finance Holdings was incorporated in Luxembourg in May 1999 principally to function as a holding company 
of the main financial businesses of a group of companies that operated principally in the banking, investment, 
insurance and asset management segments (the “Alfa Group”). Commencing in December 1999, Alfa Finance 
Holdings effected a multi-stage reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) in order to:  
 
increase the transparency of the business by having a structure with a single parent company; and  
 
segregate the Alfa Group’s banking and non-banking assets.  
After the Reorganisation, Alfa Finance Holdings was the sole shareholder of four wholly-owned sub-holding 
companies, each corresponding to the four main business segments in which the Alfa Group operated: ABH 
Financial (corporate and investment banking), Alfa Telecom Limited (telecommunications), Alfa Petroleum 
Holdings Limited (oil trading and production) and Alfa Capital Stock Trading Limited (insurance).  
In 2004, Alfa Finance Holdings effected a further restructuring of the Alfa Banking Group’s ownership structure 
to further increase its transparency to allow it to comply with CBR requirements applicable to banks with retail 
operations and to participate in the Russian Deposit Insurance System. In early 2004, the then existing shareholders 
of Alfa Bank (holding 99.74 per cent. of its share capital) were consolidated into one entity JSC AB Holding. 
Further restructuring was carried out by transferring the ownership of ABH Financial from Alfa Finance Holdings 
to the then newly-formed ABH Holdings Corp (incorporated in 2004 in the British Virgin Islands). With effect 
from 31 December 2009, ABH Holdings Corp. transferred its domicile from the British Virgin Islands to 
Luxembourg, and changed its name to ABH Holdings. The registered office of ABH Holdings is 3, boulevard du 
Prince Henri, L-1724 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
ABH Financial and the Alfa Banking Group  
Originally named Alfa Bank Holdings Limited, ABH Financial was incorporated as a private company with limited 
liability under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on 3 November 1995, and is the parent company of the Alfa 
Banking Group.  
In order to avail itself of the benefits of the EU regulated jurisdictions, effective 4 April 2011, ABH Financial 
changed its domicile from the British Virgin Islands to the Republic of Cyprus by transferring its registered office 
to Cyprus and continuing as a private limited liability company registered in Cyprus.  
ABH Financial’s registered office is Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 2nd Floor, P.C. 1066, Nicosia, 
Cyprus and phone number is +357 22555800. ABH Financial is registered with the Department of Registrar of 
Companies and Official Receiver of the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Tourism of the Republic of Cyprus 
under No. 284510. Subject to certain exceptions, ABH Financial is authorised to engage in any act or activity that 
is not prohibited under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alfa Banking Group had the following principal corporate structure. 
Unless otherwise stated, ownership is 100 per cent.:

--- Page 107 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
ABH Holdings S.A. owns 97.4 per cent. of the shares in ABH Financial directly (the remaining 2.6 per cent. of the 
shares in ABH Financial are held through Alfa Bank). 
(2) 
The Debt Issuing Arm consists of special purpose vehicles that are used to raise funds internationally and their 
relevant holding companies. These entities do not have material assets apart from the contractual rights associated 
with their respective debt obligations or the shares in such special purpose vehicles, as the case may be. 
(3) 
The 10.27 per cent. stake is held by ATB Holdings S.A., the 5.75 per cent. stake is held by ABH Holdings and 5.62 
per cent. stake is held by ATB ESPP B.V. 
Alfa Bank was established on 20 December 1990 as LLP CIB Alfa Bank, a partnership with limited liability. Alfa 
Bank was converted from a limited liability partnership (Tovarischestvo s Ogranichennoi Otvetstvennost’u) to a 
limited liability company (Obschestvo s Ogranichennoi Otvetsvennost’u) in line with Russian legislation on the 
status of such companies in 1996. In January 1998, LLC CIB Alfa Bank was reorganised as an open joint-stock 
company to increase management transparency and shareholder flexibility. Alfa Bank is registered with the CBR 
under No. 1326 and with the Moscow Registration Chamber under No. 001.937 and re-registered in the unified 
state register for legal entities under main state register number 1027700067328. Alfa Bank’s registered office is 
at 27 Kalanchevskaya Str., Moscow 107078, the Russian Federation, and its telephone number is +7 495 620-91-
91/ +7 495 974-25-15. On 26 December 2014, due to certain amendments in Russian corporate law, a change in 
Alfa Bank’s official name from Open Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” to Joint Stock Company “ALFA-
BANK” was registered.  
The Alfa Banking Group opened a wholly-owned subsidiary in Almaty, Kazakhstan in December 1994, the first 
Russian bank to do so. On 29 June 2009, the Alfa Banking Group signed a call option agreement with ABH 
Holdings Corp. (known as ABH Holdings as at the date of this Base Prospectus) that effectively transferred to 
ABH Holdings Corp. all potential voting rights and economic benefits in its Kazakhstan subsidiary. See “—

--- Page 108 ---
99 
 
Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Kazakhstan”.  
In March 2001, the Alfa Banking Group purchased a 100 per cent. share in ATB and became one of the first private 
Russian corporate banks to have an affiliate bank with a full banking licence in a European Union member state. 
See “—Major Subsidiaries—ATB”.  
The Alfa Banking Group previously operated a Ukrainian subsidiary, Alfa Bank Ukraine, together with its local 
branches. See “—Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Ukraine and the ABH Ukraine Group”. The Alfa Banking 
Group conducts related party transactions with the ABH Ukraine Group.  
In 2008, Alfa Bank acquired an 85.02 per cent. stake in OJSC Bank Severnaya Kazna (“Severnaya Kazna”), a 
leading financial services provider in the Urals region of the Russian Federation, represented in Ekaterinburg, 
Chelyabinsk, Perm, Tyumen and other regional cities, which had 400,000 retail customers and 8,000 corporate 
customers at the time of acquisition. Its principal activities included lending to retail and SME clients. During 
2010, the Alfa Banking Group completed its acquisition by taking its shareholding in Severnaya Kazna to 100 per 
cent. On 22 March 2011, the shareholders of Alfa Bank approved the merger of Severnaya Kazna into Alfa Bank. 
Alfa Bank completed the merger with Severnaya Kazna on 2 June 2011.  
The Alfa Banking Group legally owns shares in CJSC Alfa-Bank, a bank in Belarus (“Alfa Bank Belarus”), 
comprising a 30.7733 per cent. stake in Alfa Bank Belarus. The rights and economic benefits in relation to these 
shares have been contractually transferred to ABH Belarus Limited and are therefore not recorded in the financial 
statements of the Alfa Banking Group. See “—Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Belarus”.  
On 29 August 2014, the CBR announced that Alfa Bank has won a tender for the financial rehabilitation of 
Baltiyskiy Bank, a regional Russian bank based in St. Petersburg and active in the North-Western regions of Russia 
with a significant base of customers of approximately 2 million clients. See “—Major Subsidiaries— Baltiyskiy 
Bank”. 
On 25 February 2019, General Shareholders’ Meeting approved the reorganization of Baltiyskiy Bank and Alfa 
Bank in the form of merger with Alfa Bank being a surviving entity and resolved to notify the CBR and creditors 
of Alfa Bank and Baltiyskiy Bank regarding such reorganisation. On 8 May 2019, the merger was completed and 
Baltiyskiy Bank ceased to exist as a separate legal entity. 
On 28 June 2019, Countryisle Assets Limited transferred its equity stake in Alfa Debt Market Limited (Cyprus) to 
ABH Financial as part of corporate reorganisation. 
On 13 January 2021, ATB issued additional shares in favour of ABH Holdings S.A. in exchange of EUR2.8 
million consideration. 
On 14 July 2021, ATB issued additional shares in favour of Alfa bank and ATB Holdings S.A. As a result, the 
paid-up share capital of ATB amounted to EUR195,086,400 Alfa Bank holding 78.36 per cent., ATB Holdings 
S.A. holding 10.27 per cent., ABH Holdings S.A. holding 5.75 per cent. and ATB ESPP B.V. holding 5.62 per 
cent. of the total shares. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s Credit Ratings, Memberships and Licences  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s long-term local and foreign currency deposit rating of Alfa Bank 
is “Ba1/Ba1” (with a “stable” outlook), Standard & Poor’s long-term and short-term credit ratings for Alfa Bank 
are “BBB-/A-3” (with a “stable” outlook) and for ABH Financial are “BB+/B” (with a “stable” outlook) and 
Fitch’s long-term and short-term credit ratings for Alfa Bank are “BBB-/F3” (with a “stable” outlook) and for 
ABH Financial are “BB+/B” (with a “stable” outlook). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ACRA’s rating of 
Alfa Bank is AA+(RU) with “stable” outlook, and RAEX’ rating of Alfa Bank is ruAA+ with a “stable” outlook. 
Alfa Bank has been a member of SWIFT since 1994 and a participant of Euroclear since 1996. In addition, Alfa 
Bank is admitted to trading on the Moscow Exchange MICEX-RTS (the “Moscow Exchange”), the National 
Association of Security Markets Participants, Russia’s primary electronic stock trading system. Alfa Bank is also 
a member shareholder of the InterBank Credit Union, a clearing institution connected to the Depositary Clearing 
Company.  
The Alfa Banking Group operates in most sectors of the Russian financial markets and is regulated and supervised 
by the CBR. Alfa Bank is registered in the Russian Federation to carry out banking and foreign exchange activities 
and has operated under a general banking licence issued by the CBR in January 1991 and reissued in January 2015. 
In 1998, Alfa Bank received a licence to deal in precious metals, which was reissued in January 2015 and in 2000, 
it received licences for depository and broker-dealer activities and in 2002 received a licence to act as a special 
depositary for various funds. In October 2013, Alfa Bank received a unified licence for provision of encryption 
services, distribution and servicing of encryption equipment, which was reissued in March 2015 and July 2016. 
Alfa Bank also holds licences for working with state secret materials, for the electronic protection of confidential

--- Page 109 ---
100 
 
information. The Alfa Banking Group’s subsidiaries and representative offices that operate in the Netherlands and 
Cyprus are regulated and supervised by the respective local regulatory authorities. The Alfa Banking Group has 
established a network of branches across Moscow, as well as in most major cities in the Russian Federation.  
Competitive Strengths  
The Alfa Banking Group’s business is characterised by the following key strengths:  
Strong Corporate and Investment Banking and Established Relationships with Leading Russian Companies  
A key strength of the Alfa Banking Group is its corporate and investment banking segment. The Alfa Banking 
Group has a history of cooperation and strong relationships with leading Russian companies operating in various 
sectors of the Russian economy. Corporate and investment banking generated total external revenues of U.S.$920 
million for six months ended 30 June 2021, representing 31.3 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total external 
revenues for the period, as compared to U.S.$1,827 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (34.2 per cent.) 
and U.S.$2,233 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (40.5 per cent.). See Note 30 to the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements and “Operating and Financial Review—Results of Operations for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019—Segment Analysis”.  
The Alfa Banking Group believes that the global economic crisis provided it with an opportunity to strengthen its 
market position in its regions of operation and its core customer segments, as a number of its competitors (and 
foreign competitors, in particular) cut back their operations in Russia. The Alfa Banking Group’s collaboration 
with leading Russian companies is based upon a wide range of products and its in-depth knowledge of the industry 
sectors in which its customers operate, and of its customers’ businesses. The tailor-made solutions that the Alfa 
Banking Group is able to offer its clients give it a competitive advantage over some of its competitors. The Alfa 
Banking Group also believes that the know-how, experience and reputation of the Alfa Banking Group, through 
its servicing of specialised industry sectors, such as commercial real estate development and construction, transport 
and logistics, trade and commerce, machinery, mass media and telecommunications, food industry, metallurgy, 
power generation and agriculture, gives the Alfa Banking Group an advantage over banks trying to enter such 
sectors. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had approximately 661 thousand active corporate customers, 
compared to approximately 627 thousand as at 31 December 2020 and 540 thousand as at 31 December 2019. 
Strong Franchise and Brand Recognition  
The Alfa Banking Group is one of the leading Russian banking groups in terms of corporate and interbank lending, 
corporate current and retail accounts, retail deposits, fixed income and equity trading, foreign exchange, corporate 
finance advisory services, factoring, leasing and trade finance services. The Alfa Banking Group has also 
developed one of the most recognised brands in the Russian banking industry. The Banker, an international 
publication, has named Alfa Bank the “Bank of the Year in Russia 2019” and recognized Alfa Bank as the best 
performing lender in Russia in Top 1000 World Banks 2021. The British journal Euromoney has recognized Alfa 
Bank as the Best Bank in Central and Eastern Europe for SMEs 2019.  
Strong Shareholder Commitment to Support the Bank  
The Alfa Banking Group is one of the main strategic assets of its shareholders. The Alfa Banking Group’s 
shareholders have historically provided financial support to the Alfa Banking Group, including in 2009 with a 
capital contribution of U.S.$320 million as additional capital to ABH Financial to support it during the turbulence 
of the global economic crisis. Although under no continuing obligation and while the shareholders may in time 
withdraw excess capital, the Alfa Banking Group’s shareholders have publicly expressed their commitment to 
provide support to the Alfa Banking Group in the future, if needed.  
ABH Financial believes that it benefits from this commitment taking into account its position in the corporate 
structure and indirect controlling ownership of the share capital in Alfa Bank. Moreover, in order to comply with 
CBR regulations regarding shareholder/controlling person financial standing and/or for purposes of ensuring that 
one of their main strategic assets remains financially stable, the shareholders of the Alfa Banking Group may, if 
circumstances so require, elect to provide financial support to ABH Financial using the financial resources of Alfa 
Bank or otherwise.  
Strong Management Team and Advanced Systems  
The Alfa Banking Group believes that its success is in large measure due to its strong management team, which 
combines Russian and Western expertise. Many of the Alfa Banking Group’s senior managers have previously 
held senior positions at leading international financial institutions. The Alfa Banking Group’s management team 
has also been instrumental in supporting the Alfa Banking Group’s adoption of best practices from more developed

--- Page 110 ---
101 
 
banking markets including the development and implementation of a modern information management system and 
advanced risk management procedures.  
International Experience and Reputation  
From its inception, the Alfa Banking Group has been active in the international markets and has strong 
relationships with many international financial institutions, which has allowed it to continue to access funding at 
lower cost and from a wider range of sources that many other non-State banks in Russia. Alfa Bank has an 
international reputation as a stable and reliable bank according to Global Reputation Index research conducted by 
Romir in 2010. In the aftermath of Russia’s 1998 financial crisis, unlike many other Russian banks, Alfa Bank 
settled all of its obligations on outstanding forward contracts and fully repaid all of its other obligations as they 
came due.  
Strategy  
The central goal of the Alfa Banking Group’s strategy until the end of 2024 is to enhance its position in the Russian 
banking market and grow faster than its competitors in its operating segments. To achieve its strategic objectives, 
the Alfa Banking Group has identified and intends to focus on the following: 
Building a New Generation Universal Bank 
The Alfa Banking Group is dedicated to creating a new generation universal bank that will provide customers with 
an unparalleled level of high quality services supported by state of the art technology. As part of its overall strategy, 
the Alfa Banking Group is focused on achieving by 2024 certain targets and goals in respect of its client base, in 
particular, increasing the number of active retail clients and corporate clients to at least 13 million and 1 million, 
respectively. 
For this purpose, the Alfa Banking Group will continue to place focus on identifying and meeting the modern 
needs of, and developing new ways to attract, customers, as well as improving decision-making processes by 
applying all available client data and refining its scoring and monitoring processes. In particular, the Alfa Banking 
Group aims to refine its scoring models to increase the volume of preapproved loan products whilst enhancing its 
risk detection and management system. The Alfa Banking Group seeks to grow its customer base by leveraging 
its existing and expanding strategic partnerships through the development of its digital platform. The Alfa Banking 
Group anticipates that further investments in its online customer acquisition channels will continue to contribute 
to the growth of its retail, small and micro business customer base and allow to maintain a scalable operating 
platform with an efficient customer acquisition process. See “—Partnerships and Technological Platform”. 
The Alfa Banking Group believes that the combination of the digital and physical experience and customer 
interaction is an essential component of new generation banking services. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group 
launched new generation phygital offices with paperless operations and special biometric technologies used for 
detecting and processing customer information. Since then, transformation of branches into the phygital format 
was at the forefront of the Alfa Banking Group’s strategy for creating a new generation branch network. Such 
offices use a biometric facial recognition system that reads the clients’ biometrics and passes the results on to the 
managers and organises the queue automatically for speed and convenience. Supported by digital transformation, 
phygital branches enable secure identification and swift servicing of customers by means of smartphones, 
significantly cut down on paperwork and introduce new means of cross-selling. As part of this strategy the Alfa 
Banking Group is planning to scale up its phygital branch network by further expansion of the new format branches 
in regions with a goal of launching more than 300 branches in the next few years.  
In line with the ongoing migration of transactions to digital channels and with a significant volume of transactions 
now taking place outside a bank’s branch, the Alfa Banking Group is planning to continue develop digital services 
with particular focus on digitalisation of corporate business.  
The Alfa Banking Group believes that a universal bank will enable the Alfa Banking Group to exploit synergies 
across all business lines and scale up its business activities across all segments.  
Partnerships and Technological Platform 
One of the Alfa Banking Group’s strategic objectives is to place great emphasis on developing technological and 
business partnerships of all kinds, that will allow it to extend the value proposition and build new products and 
services without diverting its attention to non-core or ancillary business lines.  
Over the past few years, the Alfa Banking Group has entered into several long-term partnership on technological 
integration, launching a series of co-branded unique offerings and tools together with major Russian companies

--- Page 111 ---
102 
 
and international financial players. For example, development of the Alfa Banking Group’s technological platform 
provides a proficient new approach to partner lending programmes by integrating the Alfa Banking Group’s 
proprietary technologies and scoring systems into partners’ client systems where potential clients can obtain quick 
decisions on non-recurrent applications for credit products and receive pre-approved lending offers. This approach 
significantly expands the target audience for products and services and decreases acquisition costs.  
The Alfa Banking Group plans to further develop and implement advanced technologies which management 
believes will allow it to offer the best-in-class services not only to existing customers but to partners and their 
clients, provide competitive advantages in the changing banking sector and will become the basis for increasing 
the Alfa Banking Group’s profitability and market share. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group plans to leverage 
existing partnerships with companies owned or controlled by its principal shareholders, such as X5, Alfa Capital 
and Alfa Insurance, to further expand its target audience.  
Shift to a Financial Super Service  
The Alfa Banking Group develops a financial super service, a service that will ensure consistent high-level 
customer experience across all channels and products lines. The Alfa Banking Group’s goal is to develop its front 
and back end processes in a way that will allow it to offer its target audience the right proposition at a convenient 
time and through the most suitable channel. To achieve this goal, the Alfa Banking Group plans to invest capital 
and resources into improvements of services quality across all channels. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s strategy is to match the clients’ expectations with a balanced and uniform approach 
across all channels. The Alfa Banking Group strives to understand their expectations by constantly learning, 
reinventing and challenging its clients proposition and gathering customer feedback. The Alfa Banking Group will 
continue to increase its brand awareness using its multiple digital and social media channels. 
According to the recently updated strategy, the Alfa Banking Group will launch an Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) programme. The key priorities of this programme are to manage environmental impacts and 
support diversity initiatives both within its own organisation and externally. 
The Alfa Banking Group has invested and will continue to invest in various health care, education and culture 
initiatives, as well partake in philanthropy, and its new strategy puts sustainability issues front and centre. The 
Alfa Banking Group’s intends to manage its ESG agenda on a comprehensive basis in accordance with 
international best practices. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group will continue shifting to the paperless bank 
through widespread adoption of electronic digital signatures and integration of biometrical technologies.  
Attracting and Retaining Top Talent 
The Alfa Banking Group’s employment strategy is to attract and retain top talent at all levels and to become a 
company of choice for IT specialists. The Alfa Banking Group’s Human Resources strategy is focused on creating 
the best employee experience, increasing in efficiency of staff and development of strong and independent leaders 
internally. The Alfa Banking Group has established a core set of values, which its employees are encouraged to 
share, and a model of leadership competences, linked with values, for all levels of staff. The Alfa Banking Group 
is planning to develop a new motivation system encouraging overachievement and superior results.. 
Principal Business Activities  
During each of the periods covered by the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s principal business activities have consisted of corporate and investment banking and retail banking. The 
Alfa Banking Group provides segmental information in the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements for 
four business segments: corporate and investment banking, medium, small and micro banking, retail banking and 
treasury.  
For six months ended 30 June 2021, corporate and investment banking generated external revenues of U.S.$920 
million, medium, small and micro banking generated external revenues of U.S.$602 million, retail banking 
generated external revenues of U.S.$1,311 million, and treasury generated external revenues of U.S.$104 million, 
or 31.3 per cent., 20.5 per cent., 44.6 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total external revenues, 
respectively. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, corporate and investment banking generated external revenues of 
U.S.$1,827 million, medium, small and micro banking generated external revenues of U.S.$1,091 million, retail 
banking generated external revenues of U.S.$2,215 million, and treasury generated external revenues of U.S.$202 
million, or 34.2 per cent., 20.4 per cent., 41.5 per cent. and 3.8 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total external 
revenues, respectively. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, corporate and investment banking generated external revenues of 
U.S.$2,233 million, medium, small and micro banking generated external revenues of U.S.$982 million, retail

--- Page 112 ---
103 
 
banking generated external revenues of U.S.$1,976 million, and treasury generated external revenues of U.S.$320 
million, or 40.5 per cent., 17.8 per cent., 35.9 per cent. and 5.8 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total external 
revenues, respectively. 
See “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group—Analysis by Segment” for a further discussion 
of the revenues and segment results generated by the Alfa Banking Group’s respective business segments.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s measures in relation to challenges resulting from Covid-19 
The Alfa Banking Group’s management took affirmative action and established a special taskforce in response to 
the developing operating environment in 2020. This taskforce proceeded to develop and implement a wide range 
of measures that ensured banking operations remained uninterrupted and employees were able to conduct their 
day-to-day functions in the ordinary course (and remotely, if necessary) as the restrictions on movement were 
introduced across the country. As part of these measures, the Alfa Banking Group transferred a substantial portion 
of its employees to remote working. As at 1 January 2021, 60 per cent. of the total workforce was working 
remotely. At the same time, nearly all of the Alfa Banking Group’s branches remained fully operational and 
capable of providing banking services and products to customers in a safe environment during the time the 
restrictions were in force. As of 1 January 2021, approximately 75 per cent. of the workforce of Alfa Bank’s central 
headquarters in Moscow was working remotely and various social distancing and precautionary measures were 
introduced in the Alfa Banking Group’s branches and offices to ensure the safety of personnel and customers. In 
addition, the Alfa Banking Group divided its employees into four groups: “office” (working at the office on a daily 
basis), “office heavy” (working primarily at the office with opportunity to work 1-2 days per week remotely), 
“home heavy” (working primarily remotely with opportunity to work 1-2 days per week at the office) and “remote” 
(working completely in a remote regime).  
Underpinning the Alfa Banking Group’s ability to adjust to a rapidly changing operating environment is the 
ongoing shift in the technological level of its operations and a systematic implementation of digitalization 
processes in its day-to-day activities. See “Description of the Alfa Banking Group—Strategy”. The results of this 
strategy are allowing customers to conduct most of their banking transactions remotely using mobile and online 
banking platforms, as well call centers and automated bots. The Alfa Banking Group’s management believes that 
its IT systems are well equipped to function in the current operating environment and its technical support is 
sufficiently staffed and trained to accommodate any potential increase in remote operations and online customer 
requests. Adjusting to a rapidly changing operating environment, the Alfa Banking Group implemented a system 
for digital execution of transactions. Now clients of the Alfa Banking Group can enter into transactions remotely 
using authorized electronic signature. Introduction of this system will allow customers to conduct their banking 
transactions remotely and will significantly simplify relevant banking operations. 
The Alfa Banking Group is committed to supporting its customers during turbulent times and has embraced the 
state-mandated grace period programme that applies to certain types of retail mortgage, cash and credit card loans. 
In addition, the state-mandated programme has been supplemented with the Alfa Banking Group’s own credit 
relief period programme that has fewer qualifying criteria and developed with its customer base in mind. These 
programmes provide for grace periods for principal and/or interest payments, payment schedule restructuring and 
other measures.  
During the program period, the Alfa Banking Group approved grace periods for or otherwise restructured retail 
loans in the amount of RUB1.5 billion pursuant to the state-mandated programme and in the amount of RUB63.1 
billion under the Alfa Banking Group’s own credit relief programme. Furthermore, the Alfa Banking Group is 
offering grace periods on payments of principal and interest to its small and micro business clients, as well as 
medium businesses and large corporate clients. During the program period, the Alfa Banking Group approved 
grace periods for or otherwise restructured loans in the amount of RUB2.0 billion to small and micro business 
clients under the state-mandated programme and in the amount of RUB5.3 billion under the Alfa Banking Group’s 
own credit relief programme. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group approved grace periods for or otherwise 
restructured loans in the amount of RUB1.6 billion to medium business clients under the state-mandated 
programme and in the amount of RUB17 billion under the Alfa Banking Group’s own credit relief programme. 
the Alfa Banking Group also approved grace periods for or otherwise restructured loans to large corporate clients 
in the amount of RUB56.1 billion under the Alfa Banking Group’s own credit relief programme. In addition, the 
Alfa Banking Group has provided issued loans to customers pursuant to state support programmes, including zero 
interest rate payroll loans and loans at reduced interest rates, all of which were subsidised by the Russian 
Government. During the program period, the Alfa Banking Group provided payroll loans in the amount of RUB0.4 
billion to small and micro clients, in the amount of RUB1.8 billion to medium business and in the amount of 
RUB13.5 billion to large corporate clients. During the program period, the Alfa Banking Group provided loans at

--- Page 113 ---
104 
 
reduced interest rates in the amount of RUB0.5 billion to small and micro clients, RUB3.5 billion to medium 
businesses and RUB6.2 billion loans to large corporate clients.  
As a result of the Covid-19 outbreak and deteriorating conditions and outlook for the global economy, weak 
demand for oil and the continued depreciation of the Rouble against the U.S. dollar, the management of the Alfa 
Banking Group applies a more conservative approach to risk management, which may entail a reduction or more 
selective issuance of loans, and a focus on maintaining the quality of its existing loan portfolio and other assets, 
with a prudent allocation of industry related exposures. The Alfa Banking Group has implemented a monitoring 
system aimed at proactively identifying potential changes in the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties. 
The Alfa Banking Group monitors clients and counterparties on a regular basis in order to identify deteriorations 
in certain industries and sectors of the economy, as well as in the context of each borrower and counterparty.  
Corporate and Investment Banking  
The Alfa Banking Group merged its corporate banking business and investment banking business in 2009 and it 
continues to develop cross-selling opportunities between its corporate and investment banking customers. The 
combined corporate and investment banking segment includes lending; bank account, deposit and settlement 
services; trade finance; factoring; corporate finance; equities; fixed income and foreign exchange.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s corporate and investment banking operations generated external revenues of U.S.$920 
million for six months ended 30 June 2021, compared to U.S.$960 million for six months ended 30 June 2020.  
Corporate Customer Base and Segmentation  
The Alfa Banking Group provides corporate banking products and services to a variety of corporate and 
governmental entities. The Alfa Banking Group divides its corporate clients by revenue: (i) large corporate 
business segment, which includes clients with annual revenues in excess of RUB10 billion; (ii) medium corporate 
business segment, which includes clients with annual revenues between RUB350 million and RUB10 billion; and 
(iii) micro and small business segment, which includes clients with annual revenues that are less than RUB350 
million.  
Since 2010 the Alfa Banking Group has developed a separate business platform to provide banking services for 
clients with an annual turnover of less than RUB350 million – a micro and small business segment which combines 
features of the Alfa Banking Group’s retail banking and MSME banking businesses. Since 2014 the Alfa Banking 
Group has begun to place particular emphasis on developing and strengthening its relationships with the medium 
corporate business segment, as it believes it can benefit from and substantially expand offering its relatively low 
risk fee and commission services to such clients. Medium corporate business became a separate block in 2018 
owing to record clientele growth and the need to separate between medium business and micro and small business 
objectives. Over the past few years the Alfa Banking Group has continuously developed its expertise in medium, 
small and micro banking services, which resulted in the introduction of a new reportable segment “Medium, small 
and micro banking” as it met the requirements of separate disclosure under IFRS standards. See “—Medium, small 
and micro banking”. 
Large corporate and investment banking business segment, medium corporate business segment and micro and 
small business segment are governed by three heads which report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of Alfa 
Bank.  
The Alfa Banking Group also focuses on “blue chip” and state sector clients in a number of natural resources 
sectors, including mining and metals, oil and gas, agrochemicals, petrochemistry and energy. As at 30 June 2021, 
the Alfa Banking Group had approximately 661 thousand active corporate customers, compared to 631 thousand 
active corporate customers as at 31 December 2020 and 540 thousand active corporate customers as at 
31 December 2019. The priority corporate banking sectors in which the Alfa Banking Group aims to expand its 
business as at the date of this Base Prospectus are agriculture, power generation, leasing, agriculture and the food 
industries, telecommunications, retail, chemistry and petrochemistry. In addition, many of the Alfa Banking 
Group’s corporate banking customers are engaged in the trade and commerce, finance and investment, power 
generation, metallurgy, oil, gas and refinery, mining and metals, manufacturing, agrochemicals, energy, 
telecommunications and media. See “Selected Statistical and Other Information—Loans and advances to 
customers—Economic Sector Concentration” and “Selected Statistical and Other Information—Loans and 
advances to customers—Customer Concentration”.  
Lending 
The Alfa Banking Group offers a wide range of credit products to corporate clients, including loans, credit lines, 
overdrafts and bank guarantees. The Alfa Banking Group’s total gross loans and advances to corporate customers

--- Page 114 ---
105 
 
as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 amounted to U.S.$32,286 million, U.S.$31,008 
million and U.S.$29,398 million, respectively, of which 92.4 per cent., or U.S.$ 29,829 million, 93.5 per cent., or 
U.S.$28,989 million and 90.6 per cent., or U.S.$26,638 million, respectively, comprised corporate loans 
(excluding reverse sale and repurchase agreements with corporate clients, finance lease receivables and advances 
on lease operations). 
While the pricing of loans is dependent upon the cost of funding as set out by the Alfa Banking Group’s Treasury 
Department, the corporate and investment banking department is given some flexibility to structure loans (together 
with other value-added services) to satisfy clients’ needs while generating the return required by the Alfa Banking 
Group’s Treasury Department. Loans are available in Roubles, U.S. dollars, Euro and in certain other foreign 
currencies. Generally, loans in foreign currencies are only extended to Russian borrowers that have revenue 
sources in the corresponding currency. The Alfa Banking Group continues to develop its portfolio of medium-
term (one to three years) and long-term (three to ten years) loans to corporate entities concentrating on low- and 
moderate-risk segments. See “Selected Statistical and Other Information”. In terms of collateral, the majority of 
loans to corporate clients are unsecured as the Alfa Banking Group’s policy is to focus on extending financing to 
quality and low risk borrowers. Most of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to borrowers in the construction, real 
estate and railway sectors are collateralized and approximately 30 per cent. of the loan portfolio to borrowers in 
the RUB350 million and RUB3.5 billion customer group are generally secured by collateral. 
During the first half of 2021 and 2020, the Alfa Banking Group has provided loans to Russian trade and commerce, 
power generation and distribution companies, retail chains, food production, mining and metals, energy, banking, 
transport and agrochemicals companies and companies in other growing industry sectors such as 
telecommunications and media. 
As at 30 June 2021, individuals accounted for the largest portion of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans and advances 
to customers (31 per cent.), followed by oil industry companies (12 per cent.), food industry and agriculture (8 per 
cent.), trade and commerce (7 per cent.), real estate and construction (7 per cent.), finance and investment 
companies (5 per cent.) and ferrous metallurgy (5 per cent.). As at 31 December 2020, individuals accounted for 
the largest portion of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans and advances to customers (27 per cent.), followed by oil 
industry companies (13 per cent.), food industry and agriculture (8 per cent.), trade and commerce (7 per cent.), 
real estate and construction (6 per cent.), finance and investment companies (5 per cent.), ferrous metallurgy (5 
per cent.) and railway transport (5 per cent.). See “Selected Statistical and Other Information —Economic Sector 
Concentration”.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s credit products for corporate entities also include guarantees, comprising loan 
guarantees, performance guarantees, advance guarantees, payment guarantees, customs guarantees, VAT 
guarantees and bid bonds. Loan guarantees secure the repayment of a loan; performance guarantees secure 
obligations to deliver goods or provide services under export contracts; advance guarantees secure refunds of 
advance payments received under export contracts if the relevant obligations are not fulfilled; payment guarantees 
secure payment obligations under import contracts; customs guarantees secure payments of customs duties; VAT 
guarantees secure client’s obligations to pay back VAT refunds to the tax authorities in the case the tax authorities 
conclude that VAT refunds were not correctly paid; and bid bonds secure obligations incurred through parties’ 
participation in tenders.  
The Alfa Banking Group is continuing to develop and to offer more sophisticated credit products, including 
products in the fields of financial leasing, factoring, project financing, merger and acquisition financing and the 
refinancing of the investment portfolios of specialised financial entities such as leasing companies and property 
investment funds.  
Bank Account, Deposit and Settlement Services  
In addition to lending, the Alfa Banking Group provides its corporate clients with a wide range of bank account, 
deposit and settlement services. Current/demand accounts and settlement services remain a key focus for the Alfa 
Banking Group in line with its strategy to continue to have a source of relatively low cost funding from deposit 
accounts and increase the proportion of profit from fee and commission services from services provided to 
customers, including settlement services.  
As at 30 June 2021, customer accounts held with the Alfa Banking Group totalled U.S.$47,294 million, of which 
U.S.$20,731 million (or 43.8 per cent.) was held by commercial organisations and U.S.$3,735 million (or 7.9 per 
cent.) was held by state and public organisations. As at 31 December 2020, customer accounts held with the Alfa 
Banking Group totalled U.S.$43,708 million, of which U.S.$18,351 million (or 42.0 per cent.) was held by 
commercial organisations and U.S.$3,622 million (or 8.3 per cent.) was held by state and public organisations. As 
at 31 December 2019, customer accounts held with the Alfa Banking Group totalled U.S.$41,422 million, of which 
U.S.$17,252 million (or 41.6 per cent.) was held by commercial organisations and U.S.$3,549 million (or 8.6 per 
cent.) was held by state and public organisations.

--- Page 115 ---
106 
 
The Alfa Banking Group’s bank accounts for corporate entities include current and term accounts in Roubles and 
in certain foreign currencies (predominantly U.S. dollars and Euro), as well as special-purpose accounts such as 
payment accounts used to settle obligations with Russian counterparties and current accounts denominated in 
foreign currencies used for currency operations. Companies operating across the Russian Federation are able to 
use services through the Alfa Banking Group’s branch network and through a number of remote access channels. 
The Alfa Banking Group provides payment and settlement services to its clients through its branches and other 
channels, such as the Internet as well as through its correspondent banking partners in the Russian Federation and 
abroad. The Alfa Banking Group also provides payment services to foreign subsidiaries of Russian clients.  
In 2009, the Alfa Banking Group was also selected as the settlement bank for the Russian Association of Auto 
Insurers. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had opened 265 settlement, trading and guarantee fund 
accounts within the framework of this project. In 2010, the Alfa Banking Group, along with several other banks, 
was selected to provide corporate and retail banking services to engineering companies within the framework of 
investment projects with JSC RUSNANO, the Russian state company responsible for developing and 
commercialising the Russian nanotechnology sector. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had opened 77 
settlement accounts to implement investment projects with JSC RUSNANO.  
In 2012, the National Association of Liability Insurers appointed the Alfa Banking Group as its authorised credit 
organisation to settle accounts with other member insurance companies for obligatory public liability insurance 
related to damage caused by the dangerous installation of equipment. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group 
has opened 104 settlement, trading and guarantee fund accounts for participants of this project. Starting from 
June 2013, insurance companies that are members of the Russian Association of Auto Insurers and the National 
Association of Liability Insurers settle accounts relating to mandatory automobile third party insurance, mandatory 
hazardous facility insurance and mandatory carrier liability insurance through a specialized Insurance Payment 
System. These insurance companies settle accounts relating to Mandatory automobile third party insurance, 
Mandatory Hazardous Facility Insurance and Mandatory Carrier Liability Insurance using the Insurance Payment 
System. Alfa Bank is the exclusive settlement bank of the Insurance Payment System operator.  
In the first half of 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had generated profit in the amount of U.S.$3.33 million from the 
above mentioned projects. Starting from December 2017, the Alfa Banking Group participates in settlement 
transactions between insurance companies in connection with subrogation claims under car insurance policies. 
In addition to traditional banking services, the Alfa Banking Group offers innovative technological solutions in 
the Russian market to enable its clients to reduce their payment processing costs and centralise their cash flow 
management by using cash management products and the Alfa Banking Group’s 24-hour IT channels. Since 2008, 
the Alfa Banking Group has offered standardised product and service sales and delivery platform across the 
Russian Federation providing clients with online e-banking and other remote services (“Alfa-Client Online”) and 
centralised paying processes. In April 2012, a new version of Alfa-Client Online was introduced (“Alfa Business 
Online”), which provides access to a broader spectrum of products and services than Alfa-Client-Online. The Alfa 
Banking Group is currently considering its strategy for developing the remote banking platform for its corporate 
clients. See “—IT Infrastructure—Alfa—Client Online”. The Alfa Banking Group was awarded “Innovators 2021 
- Cash management” by Global Finance for its omni-channel freelance smart-payments. 
Trade Finance  
The Alfa Banking Group provides a wide range of trade finance products for its corporate customers, including 
issuing import, export and stand-by letters of credit, issuing letters of guarantees and related services. The Alfa 
Banking Group also provides pre-export financing for corporate entities. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group 
provides import financing using funds from foreign banks and support from export credit agencies that provide 
long-term facilities to finance imports of capital goods. The total volume of trade finance transactions in the first 
six months of 2021 and in the year ended 31 December 2020 made more than U.S.$3.4 billion. The Alfa Banking 
Group closed about 2,036 trade finance deals in the first half of 2021 and 2,200 trade finance deals in 2020. The 
Alfa Banking Group won the Best Trade Finance Providers 2018 award as the best Russian provider of world trade 
finance services. Corporate clients of the Alfa Banking Group are able to request uncovered letters of credit 
through Alfa Business Online, which significantly cuts the time of issuing an uncovered letter of credit and enables 
the client to monitor the status of the processes at every stage. In 2018 and 2019, the Alfa Banking Group launched 
a number programmes for subsidizing export loans in collaboration with the Russian Export Center, and actively 
supported clients importing Belarusian hardware with subsidies provided under the Belarus export support 
program. In 2020, the cooperation agreement was signed with Russian export agency EXIAR to support export of 
goods from Russia and investment projects as well new export support program was launched in cooperation with 
Ministry of Agriculture of the Russian Federation. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group fully digitalised some of 
its products such as letters of credit and factoring which resulted in the increase of factoring clients by 
approximately 14 per. cent in 2020. The Alfa Banking Group is currently focused on developing trade finance 
product which will be available online, continues to develop financing for Russian exports, including interest rate

--- Page 116 ---
107 
 
subsidies programme of the Russian Export Centre and collaboration with the Export Insurance Agency of Russia. 
Equities  
The Alfa Banking Group’s equities business runs one of the Russian Federation’s leading brokerages and is an 
active participant on all major exchanges where Russian securities are traded, including the Moscow Exchange 
and the GDR/ADR markets in London and New York.  
The equities business specialises in: distribution of equity offerings, equity sales and trading (both on behalf of 
clients and on the Alfa Banking Group’s own account), block trades, equity derivatives and equity research. Based 
upon its experience of operating in the financial markets of Russia and the CIS, one of the Alfa Banking Group’s 
most important strategic objectives is to offer its clients the opportunity to invest in the securities of issuers from 
these growing economies.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s equities research department analyses overall market conditions and macroeconomic 
trends and produces independent research consisting of industry and company-specific reports. It forms the core 
of the Alfa Banking Group’s expertise in monitoring current developments and evaluating investment 
opportunities in the Russian Federation and the CIS.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s equities business is supported by Alfa Capital Markets, see “—Major Subsidiaries—
Alfa Capital Markets”.  
The equities business has also developed an Internet-based trading platform called Alfa Direct Service (Russia) 
(“Alfa Direct”), which has serviced tens of thousands of retail clients across the Russian Federation since 2000. 
Alfa Direct provides clients with financial information on stock exchange quotations, analytical materials and 
financial news from Interfax and Prime-TASS, and allows them to trade online in securities, currencies, investment 
units, derivatives and other financial products on Russian exchange and over the counter markets, as well as offers 
financing, depository, brokerage and other financial services. The number of client accounts with Alfa Direct was 
893,425 as at 30 June 2021, which represented a 98.2 per cent. increase compared to 450,720 as at 
31 December 2020, which, in turn, represented a 149 per cent. increase compared to 181,034 as at 
31 December 2019. Cumulative trading volumes of retail and corporate clients (excluding margin trading) through 
Alfa Direct increased to approximately U.S.$39,182 million during the first half of 2021 as compared to 
approximately U.S.$21,175 million for the first half of 2020. Cumulative trading volumes of retail and corporate 
clients (excluding margin trading) during the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to U.S.$62,923 million as 
compared to U.S.$21,608 million during the year ended 31 December 2019. The Alfa Banking Group is constantly 
developing and enhancing its Alfa Direct offering. The Alfa Banking Group plans to launch an updated platform 
for Alfa Direct that will aim to process instructions and transactions faster and will contain features to better meet 
the needs of professional investors and increase the volumes of the Alfa Direct business.  
In 2018, the Alfa Banking Group has started developing its equity capital markets business and participated in 
several public market mandates, including pre-marketing of several IPOs. The Alfa Banking Group continues to 
develop stocks trading, including building relationships with institutional investors in the Russian stock market. 
The Alfa Banking Group places focus on development of complex investment banking infrastructure for foreign 
investors interested in investing in Russian securities market. This initiative includes building a special platform 
through which relevant investment banking services could be rendered. 
Fixed Income  
The Alfa Banking Group’s fixed income department engages in a wide range of brokerage services and market-
making operations, as well as syndicated lending. Its priority products are Rouble corporate bonds, U.S. dollar or 
Euro-denominated Eurobonds issued by Russian issuers and syndicated loans. In 2018 and 2019, the Alfa Banking 
Group won the Loans Cbonds Awards for «Best Investment Bank on CIS Syndication Market». 
In the first six months of 2021, the Alfa Banking Group acted as arranger for 20 domestic bond issues (excluding 
placements for members of the Alfa Banking Group) in the aggregate amount of RUB 231,05 billion, including 
bond issues for Aeroflot, AFK Sistema, Atomenergoprom, Borjomi Finance, Brusnika Construction & 
Development, Element Leasing, Europlan LC, Legenda, Moscow, MV Finance, re: Store, Samolet Group of 
Companies, Sberbank, Setl Group, Sinara-Transport Machines, TMK, VIS FINANCE, YATEC. In 2020, the Alfa 
Banking Group acted as arranger for 24 domestic bond issues (excluding placements for members of the Alfa 
Banking Group) in the aggregate amount of RUB250.45 billion, including bond issues for AFK Sistema, Baltic 
Leasing, Bashkir soda company, Brusnika, Business – Realty, Chelpipe, Group of companies “Legenda”, 
HeadHunter, Metalloinvest, O’KEY, PIK-Corporation, Pioneer Group, Rosmorport, RUSNANO, RVK-Invest, 
Sberbank, Segezha Group, Softline, SUEK, and Uralkali.  
In the first half of 2021, the Alfa Banking Group conducted 4 domestic offering in the aggregate principal amount 
of RUB 48.9 billion. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group conducted 4 domestic offerings in the aggregate principal

--- Page 117 ---
108 
 
amount of RUB32 billion. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group registered programme of subordinated multicurrency 
bonds with total amount RUB50 billion and successfully placed debut subordinated RUB5 billion issue under 
Russian law.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s fixed income department also engages in margin trading, repo trading (including repos 
with both domestic Rouble bonds and Eurobonds), financing backed by promissory notes, debt buy-backs, 
structured products and derivatives. The Alfa Banking Group’s fixed income develops new, customised structured 
products for its clients, including principal protected notes (linked to the performance of Russian or other equity 
markets and issued from a platform arranged and maintained by the Alfa Banking Group), credit default swaps, 
repackaged corporate loans, total return swaps, first to default swaps and loan basket refinancing, many of which 
are entered into on a back-to-back basis, whereby the Alfa Banking Group seeks to hedge its risk by entering into 
equivalent transactions with other market participants.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s fixed income department offers a full range of global over-the-counter market 
derivatives, including derivatives based on foreign exchange rates, interest rates and precious metals and provides 
the Alfa Banking Group’s corporate clients with hedging solutions for their foreign exchange, commodity and 
interest rate risks. Over the past few years, the Alfa Banking Group has organized a series of major public offerings 
for Belarusian banks of the first echelon, such as Belarusbank, Belagroprombank, the Belarus Development Bank, 
and others, and has created obtain in depth on the Belarusian finance market. 
In addition, the Alfa Banking Group also provides its services through the arrangement of, and participation in, 
syndicated loans placed both in Russia and in the international primary and secondary markets. Participation in 
syndicated loans helps the Alfa Banking Group to maintain its corporate relationships, and to develop new ones. 
The Alfa Banking Group acted as an arranger of syndicated loans on a number of transactions alongside Russian 
and foreign banks, including two syndicated loans for Belarusbank, two syndicated loans for Alfa Bank Belarus, 
one syndicated loan for the Development Bank of Republic of Belarus in 2015, one syndicated loan for 
Belarusbank, Belagroprombank, the Development Bank of Republic of Belarus, Russian Copper Company and 
SUEK in 2016, one syndicated loan for INTEGRA in 2017, one syndicated loan for Alfa Bank Belarus, Amsterdam 
Trade Bank, Belarusbank, The Bank Moscow-Minsk and Aktyubinsk Copper Company in 2018, one syndicated 
loan for SUEK and Alfa-Leasing, one syndicated loan for AlfaMobil in 2019 and one syndicated loan for SUEK, 
Belarusbank, “ASAKA” Bank, Rosvodokanal EuroChem, Aktyubinskaya mednaya companiya, Lukoil-
Kubanenergo and Uralkali in 2020. A number of large Russian and CIS banks participated as lenders in the above 
mentioned syndicated loans, including, among others: Asian-Pacific Bank, Bank Intesa (Moscow branch), Bank 
Zenit, Eurasian Development Bank (Kazakhstan), ING, Otkritie Bank, Moscow Credit Bank, NATIXIS, Société 
Générale, Sberbank, Transcapitalbank and others. The Alfa Banking Group also acted as an arranger of syndicated 
loans to Absolut Bank, Gomelenergo, RESO-LEASING, Belagroprombank, Belarusbank, ChTPZ Group, Moscow 
Refinery Plant, Tabac-Invest, Evrotorg, Belorusneft, Naftan, Kernel Group and Russian Cooper Company in 2013 
and 2014.  
Foreign Exchange Department  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alfa Banking Group maintains market making positions on the domestic 
and international foreign exchange markets with proprietary and client driven operations on the bank-to-bank 
market and the Moscow Exchange. According to the Moscow Exchange, the Alfa Banking Group executes over 
12 per cent. of the total trading volume. According to internal estimates, the Alfa Banking Group executes over 
35-45 per cent. of the total trading volume of G10 currencies in Russia. According to Euromoney rating 2021, 
Alfa Bank performs 0.4 per cent. of the total world trading volume and 8,01 per cent. of the total trading volume 
of CEEMEA (Central and Eastern Europe Middle East and Africa). The Alfa Banking Group is an active 
participant in the international FOREX markets with a continuous-linked settlement limit totalling U.S.$4.1 
billion. According to the Alfa Banking Group’s internal estimates, the Foreign Exchange Department’s turnover 
on the interbank foreign exchange market reached U.S.$0.715 trillion in the period ended 30 June 2021 compared 
to approximately U.S.$1.52 trillion in the year ended 31 December 2020 and U.S.$1.95 billion in the year ended 
31 December 2019. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group was the first financial institution in Russia which launched 
a unique service for GPI tracking of foreign currency payments. The Alfa Banking Group believes that it remains 
one of the biggest inter-bank market maker and a technological leader in the field of currency conversion 
operations. The Alfa Banking Group offers its clients both regular conversion transactions and complex products, 
such as forex risk hedging using derivatives. See also “Equities” for a description of Alfa Direct, which provides 
customers (including retail customers) with the ability to trade in foreign currencies online. The Alfa Banking 
Group continues working on providing FOREX services through a Russian subsidiary of the Alfa Banking Group. 
The Alfa Banking Group occupied the 28th position in the global rating, being the only representative of Russia in 
the Euromoney Top-30 global rating. In addition, Alfa Bank took the 1st place in the category “Best Service”

--- Page 118 ---
109 
 
(Ability in EM Currencies; Client Algorithmic Trading Execution, Service) of Euromoney 2021 rating. 
Corporate Finance  
The Alfa Banking Group’s corporate finance unit provides advisory services and transactional support in relation 
to the following areas: general corporate strategy; leveraged buyouts; mergers and acquisitions advice and 
execution; mezzanine finance and private equity; the structuring and execution of equity offerings, including initial 
public offerings and private placements. In providing all these services, the Alfa Banking Group’s corporate 
finance division draws on both its local knowledge and its international expertise to advise clients on investment 
both within and into markets in the Russian Federation and the CIS. The corporate finance unit has established 
relationships with European, Turkish, US and Chinese banks to expand its international reach and increase deal 
origination from these regions. 
Medium, small and micro banking 
As at 31 December 2019, the Alfa Banking Group has separated medium, small and micro banking business into 
new reportable segment in accordance with IFRS. Small and micro banking block segment combines features of 
the Alfa Banking Group’s retail banking and MSME banking businesses and aims to serve and develop the micro 
and small corporate segment (companies as well as individual entrepreneurs with an annual turnover of less than 
RUB350 million). Alfa Banking Group had 921 thousand, 845 thousand, 683 thousand and 526 thousand MSME 
clients as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. As at 30 June 2021, 
the Alfa Banking Group maintained 295 offices specifically designed to cater for clients in the micro and small 
business segment. Medium corporate business became a separate block in 2018 due to the need to separate between 
medium business and micro and small business objectives. The heads of the medium business and micro and small 
business segments report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of Alfa Bank.  
The Alfa Banking Group aims to continue to expand the customer base of its medium, small and micro banking 
business and offer a variety of transactional services (such as current accounts, settlement services, payroll and 
other operations), as well as lending facilities to such clients. Amongst such products, the Alfa Banking Group 
provides a special payment card (Alfa Cash) which allows clients to place and withdraw cash held on the account 
of such clients’ legal entities as well as process payments using such cash. In the second half of 2019. the Alfa 
Banking Group launched a new program in respect of credit card products. Pursuant to this program the Alfa 
Banking Group provides a new payment card (Alfa Business) instead of Alfa Cash, as at 30 June 2021, 333,151 
of such cards (accounting for 56.5 per cent. of all credit cards provided to corporate clients) were issued by the 
Alfa Banking Group compared to 197,085 as at 31 December 2020. The Alfa Banking Group makes available to 
such clients financing options such as unsecured lending and overdraft facilities in the amount of up to RUB30 
million. In addition, it is actively promoting and developing non-banking services in this segment, including the 
Client Club (a network of Alfa Bank’s partners with whom clients can cooperate and receive discounts or benefits), 
legal services support (such as assistance with company registration), various insurance products and a personal 
manager service. 
Retail Banking  
The Alfa Banking Group’s retail banking operations focus on deposit taking, current accounts (including debit 
cards), lending (including primarily personal instalment loans and credit cards, consumer finance and mortgage 
lending and car loans) and certain ancillary services such as foreign exchange. The retail banking segment has 
been the Alfa Banking Group’s fastest growing segment in recent years. The Alfa Banking Group launched a new 
strategy in 2019 to expand its retail loan portfolio and increase the volumes of personal instalment loans issued 
and credit cards provided to customers as well as to increase its mortgage portfolio. 
The Alfa Banking Group is present in all Russian cities with a population above 1,000,000 and in nearly all cities 
with a population above 500,000 (except for Makhachkala and Astrakhan). The Alfa Banking Group’s retail 
banking operations generated external revenues of U.S.$1,311 million for the period ended 30 June 2021, as 
compared to U.S.$2,215 million for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Customer Base  
The Alfa Banking Group provides retail banking products and services to a variety of retail customers, with 
different levels of income. Although the Alfa Banking Group has in the recent past at times increased volumes of 
loans to individuals with a below average income level, it is currently focusing on lending to retail customers in 
the mass affluent and affluent segments. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had approximately 7.5 
million active retail customers, compared to 7.3 million as at 31 December 2020 and 6.1 million as at 
31 December 2019. The Alfa Banking Group defines active retail clients as clients who have made at least one 
transaction during the last three months and/or have account balance more than RUB 10,000 and/or have a loan

--- Page 119 ---
110 
 
not overdue by more than 90 days. The Alfa Banking Group defines monthly active users as active retail clients, 
who entered mobile application or internet bank at least once during the last month. The Alfa Bank mobile 
application was recognised as best mobile app in Russia in 2020 by Markswebb. According to calculations by Alfa 
Bank based on published CBR statistics, as at 30 June 2021, Alfa Bank had a 9.78 per cent. share of the Russian 
market in terms of retail demand deposits by value, compared to 9.82 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, making 
Alfa Bank the largest privately-owned bank in Russia in terms of retail demand deposits as at 30 June 2021. Alfa 
Bank also had a 5.88 per cent. share of the Russian market in terms of the amount of cash loans making Alfa Bank 
the third largest bank in the Russian Federation in terms of cash loans under surveys conducted by Frank Research 
Group on the basis of RAR financial statements. According to Frank Research Group as at 30 June 2021, Alfa 
Bank had a 6.18 per cent. market share for all retail loans (excluding mortgage loans), making Alfa Bank the third 
largest bank in the Russian Federation in terms of retail loans (excluding mortgage loans).  
As at 30 June 2021, gross loans to retail customers (comprising credit card and personal instalment loans, 
consumer loans, mortgage loans and reverse sale and repurchase receivables relating to individuals) accounted for 
U.S.$14,793 million (or 31.4 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s gross loans and advances to customers), 
compared to U.S.$11,706 million (or 27.4 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s gross loans and advances to 
customers) as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$10,442 million (or 26.2 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s gross 
loans and advances to customers) as at 31 December 2019.  
Customer accounts  
As at 30 June 2021, customer accounts amounted to U.S.$47,294 million, of which U.S.$22,828 million (or 48.3 
per cent. of total customer accounts) were individual accounts. Of these individual accounts, as at 30 June 2021, 
U.S.$19,540 million (or 85.6 per cent.) comprised current/demand accounts, and U.S.$3,288 million (or 14.4 per 
cent.) comprised term deposits. 
As at 31 December 2020, customer accounts amounted to U.S.$43,708 million, of which U.S.$21,735 million (or 
49.7 per cent. of total customer accounts) were individual accounts. Of these individual accounts, as at 
31 December 2020, U.S.$17,707 million (or 81.5 per cent.) comprised current/demand accounts, and U.S.$4,028 
million (or 18.5 per cent.) comprised term deposits. 
As at 31 December 2019, customer accounts amounted to U.S.$41,422 million, of which U.S.$20,621 million (or 
49.8 per cent. of total customer accounts) were individual accounts. Of these individual accounts, as at 
31 December 2019, U.S.$13,058 million (or 63.3 per cent.) comprised current/demand accounts, and U.S.$7,563 
million (or 36.7 per cent.) comprised term deposits.  
Based on its experience, the Alfa Banking Group believes that current/demand account holders are more likely to 
be loyal to the Alfa Banking Group than individuals without current/demand accounts with the Alfa Banking 
Group and are more likely to make use of its full range of services. Further, because such accounts represent a 
relatively low cost source of funding for the Alfa Banking Group due to the low interest rates payable on the 
balances on such accounts, the Alfa Banking Group continues to focus on increasing the number of current and 
demand retail accounts held with it, particularly through its customers for whom the Alfa Banking Group runs 
their payroll schemes.  
In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group strengthened its position among the top three leaders in the payroll market, 
according to Frank Research Group. and introduced, the first among Russian banks, daily salary accrual for its 
payroll customers. 
The Alfa Banking Group constantly reviews its product range and offers index-linked deposits, multicurrency 
deposits and deposits that allow customers to select the precise term they require, and offers a wide range of 
functions to its customers on-line. Term deposits are offered generally for a term of up to a year.  
The Alfa Banking Group provides a number of ancillary services to retail customers in the Russian Federation. It 
buys, sells and exchanges all major foreign currencies and cashes foreign payment instruments. Individuals can 
make direct payments from their bank accounts and pay for goods and services via the Internet with their Alfa 
Banking Group debit cards. Retail customers of the Alfa Banking Group are able to transfer funds domestically 
and internationally through the Alfa Bank correspondent banking network and rent safe deposit boxes to store 
valuables. 
Alfa Bank is a member of the Russian Deposit Insurance System, which guarantees the full repayment of deposits 
up to a maximum of RUB1,400,000 per individual in the event that the banking licence of a Russian bank is 
withdrawn or the CBR imposes a moratorium on payments made by that Russian bank.  
During 2019 and 2020 Alfa Bank also launched some seasonal savings accounts. Interest income on the accounts 
is calculated on the basis of daily balance and applicable interest rate depends on the period of storage of funds on 
the account.

--- Page 120 ---
111 
 
In 2019, the Alfa Banking Group has also joined the Fast Payments System, a pilot project of the CBR, which 
enables individuals to make instant transfers to each other using only a mobile phone number. 
Personal instalment loans and credit and debit cards  
The Alfa Banking Group views personal instalment loans and credit and debit cards as priority areas for potential 
growth in general due to the considerable prospects of these products in the Russian market. The total gross 
personal instalment loans and credit card loans and advances to customers extended by the Alfa Banking Group 
totalled U.S.$9,968 million as at 30 June 2021, compared to U.S.$8,444 million as at 31 December 2020 and 
U.S.$8,525 million as at 31 December 2019.  
The Alfa Banking Group offers its retail clients personal instalment loans ranging from RUB50,000 to 
RUB5,000,000 for terms of between one to five years. The maximum loan limit for new clients that are not part 
of any salary or corporate programme is currently set at RUB1,500,000. For mass instalment loan programmes, 
the maximum maturity is set at 84 months both for cash loans, and for refinance programmes (for payroll clients). 
The refinance programmes allows the Alfa Banking Group’s clients to combine loans of other banks into one, 
which in turn allows to settle debt with one comfortable payment, reduce the amount of monthly payments and get 
additional funds. The Alfa Banking Group particularly focuses its personal instalment loans business on premium 
clients, the employees of payroll customers and its existing customer base. The Alfa Banking Group plans to make 
more personal instalment loans to employees of payroll customers as it believes this customer segment represents 
a lower credit risk due to the fact they earn higher incomes and because the Alfa Banking Group can more 
accurately evaluate the individuals’ ability to service a loan due to the Alfa Banking Group’s knowledge of their 
employer, and their credit histories and employment. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group launched a new scoring 
solution for its customers to make preliminary lending decisions based on taxpayer identification numbers within 
very limited time frame. 
The Alfa Banking Group also offers its retail clients VISA and MasterCard debit and credit cards. The card-holders 
pay annual and transaction-based fees for using the cards. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had in 
issue approximately 7.7 million credit and debit cards. As at 30 June 2021, there were approximately 5.2 million 
active cards. Retail clients can apply for these cards via the Alfa Banking Group’s branches or over the Internet. 
The Alfa Banking Group uses special risk-assessment software to approve credit card applications, allowing it to 
expedite credit decisions once the customer presents certain documents, such as a passport and an additional 
document, for example, a driving licence. Retail clients are offered classic/standard, gold and platinum versions 
of VISA and MasterCard credit cards. Credit cards generally have limits of up to 136 per cent. of a customer’s 
monthly income and 70 per cent. of issued credit cards have a 100 calendar day grace period. Alfa Bank has also 
introduced a credit card product (“Bystraya” (Fast)), which allows customers to obtain a credit card within 15 
minutes at points-of-sale. In November 2014, the Alfa Banking Group launched a new card product called “Twins” 
which allows retail customers access to debit and credit accounts using a single payment card. The Alfa Banking 
Group believes this product is unique for both Russian and foreign banking markets. As at 30 June 2021, Alfa 
Banking Group had issued 19,006 “Twins” cards, 20 per cent. of which were active.  
In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group’s credit card “100 days without %” received a FINAWARD for its 100-day grace 
period with the option to withdraw cash without commission. The card’s other strengths include instant issue in 
the mobile application (digital delivery) and same-day delivery. In 2020, the Alfa Bank’s debit card “Alfa 
Premium” was recognized by Frank Research Group as best investment service. In addition, the Alfa Banking 
Group also received “Visa Global Service Quality Award 2020 – Low Gross Fraud”. 
The Alfa Banking Group has developed a number of loyalty co-branded programmes involving its credit card 
business such as Aeroflot-Alfa Bank, AlfaTravel-Alfa Bank, Perekrestok-Alfa Bank, Pyaterochka-Alfa Bank, 
Yandex.Plus-Alfa Bank, Yandex.Taxi-Alfa Bank and Beeline-Alfa Bank. The Aeroflot-MasterCard allow holders 
to accumulate points (miles) as they pay for goods and services. Another credit card programme is co-branding 
with retailers Perekrestok and Pyaterochka. As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had in issue 1.1 million 
active credit and debit co-branded cards.  
Consumer finance  
The Alfa Banking Group’s total gross consumer (POS) loans amounted to U.S.$114 million as at 30 June 2021, 
compared to U.S.$93 million as at 31 December 2020 and to U.S.$49 million as at 31 December 2019. As at 
30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group’s offices were present in 55 regions of the Russian Federation and had 
approximately 7.5 million active retail customers, compared to 55 regions and 7.1 million active retail customers 
as at 31 December 2020 and 55 regions and 0.9 million customers as at 31 December 2019.  
In 2018, the Alfa Banking Group ceased to provide its consumer finance products through offline points-of-sale 
and focused solely on the online lending, which has lower operational costs combined higher return on equity. The 
Alfa Banking Group believes that this type of financing will continue to provide the Alfa Banking Group with new

--- Page 121 ---
112 
 
clients to whom it can cross-sell other products and plans to develop new technologies which will allow to simplify 
the process of financing. 
Mortgage lending  
The Alfa Banking Group’s total gross mortgage loans totalled U.S.$4,584 million as at 30 June 2021, U.S.$3,089 
million as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$1,810 million as at 31 December 2019. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group offered mortgage loans to retail customers in Moscow and 47 other 
regions of the Russian Federation. Since February 2016 the Alfa Banking Group has been offering its mortgage 
products in selected cities across Russia. These products include loans for apartments in the primary and secondary 
residential real estate market, the refinancing of mortgages originated by other banks, as well as general loans 
secured by a pledge of real estate.  
In 2019, the Alfa Banking Group modified its products relating to mortgage lending and introduced new 
procedures for review of the applications of the customers. As a result of implementation of new products, the 
Alfa Banking Group offers more attractive products to the clients and the process of review and approval of 
customers’ applications is faster and more customers-friendly. 
In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group introduced a new mortgage loan product – mortgage loans with reduced interest 
rate (6.5 per cent.), which are subsidized by the state. The Alfa Banking Group has also implemented a special 
programme of mortgage loan subsidies for developers, in accordance with which a portion of the interest rate is 
covered by developer. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group significantly developed its online mortgage services 
by introducing a special service for online evaluation of immovable property. The Alfa Banking Group’s clients 
can also apply for a mortgage loan through Alfa-Mobile and sign all documents required for its issuance remotely 
using authorized electronic signature without visiting the bank. In addition, the Alfa Banking Group significantly 
enhanced the personalisation of its financial products and launched pre-approved mortgage loans which consist of 
flexible individual offers tailored to meet customer needs. 
According to Frank Research Group, for the year ended 31 December 2020, Alfa Bank had the highest increase in 
mortgage loans among all Russian banks, making Alfa Bank the seventh largest bank in the Russian Federation in 
terms of mortgage loans as at 31 December 2020. 
In the first half of 2021, the Alfa Banking Group started to offer a new government supported service that is called 
“Family mortgage”.  
Alfa Bank retail branches  
As at 30 June 2021 the Alfa Banking Group had 491 retail banking branches and 4,991 ATMs in operation, 
compared to 486 retail banking branches and 4,339 ATMs in operation as at 31 December 2020. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s retail banking business is conducted through its network of branches, which aim to 
provide easy-to-understand, convenient and efficient service to individuals and small businesses. Most of the Alfa 
Banking Group’s branches offer customers 24-hour access to their accounts through telephone, Internet and self-
service channels. Branches offer customers a range of checking and savings accounts in Roubles, U.S. dollars and 
Euros; credit cards; overdraft facilities; instant cash transfers; pre-paid cash cards and safe deposit boxes. The Alfa 
Banking Group offers its customers different tariff plans with tiered levels of service.  
The Alfa Banking Group uses “micro” branches, which offer a more streamlined range of services to customers, 
as part of its strategy to increase its retail banking presence across Russia and particularly in the Russian regions, 
without incurring the cost of establishing traditional branches.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s focus on developing the profitability of its retail operations means that it takes a careful 
approach to developing and maintaining its branch network. As further discussed under “—Property” below, most 
of the Alfa Banking Group’s branches are operated under lease contracts for the period of more than one year. The 
Alfa Banking Group carefully considers the viability of maintaining a branch at a given location upon expiration 
of its lease. If an increase in rent makes a branch uneconomic, the Alfa Banking Group relocates the branch. In the 
Moscow area, this has resulted in the Alfa Banking Group closing some branches in central locations, which were 
initially chosen to raise the profile of the Alfa Banking Group’s retail operations. These branches were relocated 
to residential, or so called “dormitory” areas. The Alfa Banking Group’s management believes this policy will 
increase the branch network’s profitability.  
Ensuring high standards of quality and consistency in its retail operations is a key focus for the Alfa Banking 
Group. To this end, it conducts a variety of operational audits and tests. These include “mystery shopper exercises”, 
where branches are anonymously inspected to check the quality of service delivery, approximately four times each 
quarter. The Alfa Banking Group also performs a variety of consumer survey operations, including Internet voting 
on the performance of branches, and “voice of the customer” exercises, which involve the Alfa Banking Group

--- Page 122 ---
113 
 
conducting surveys to obtain feedback customers’ views by telephone.  
In June 2018, the Alfa Banking Group launched a service allowing to transfer a debt from a credit card of another 
bank. In addition, in June 2018, the Alfa Banking Group launched a special action of cash loans with 10.99 per 
cent. rate and the debit and credit cards of AlfaTravel. 
Remote retail services  
One of the Alfa Banking Group’s highest priorities for its retail business remains the development of infrastructure 
to provide its customers with convenient, easy-to-use remote banking services. As a result, the Alfa Banking Group 
has installed several hundred ATMs capable of receiving cash deposits and developing remote customer service 
channels and, in particular, Internet and mobile banking. Since 2007, the Alfa Banking Group has sought to 
increase the functionality of its Internet banking service, “Alfa-Click”, by adding payment options for mobile 
phone services, Internet, utilities, replenishment of Alfa Direct brokerage accounts and enabling customers to 
invest in mutual funds managed by LLC “Alfa Capital”. The Alfa Banking Group has also developed a mobile 
phone based access system, “Alfa-Mobile”, which offers the same service options as Alfa-Click, and has also 
developed an SMS banking service. The number of the Alfa Banking Group’s active digital clients (which includes 
both of Alfa-Mobile and Alfa-Click users) was 6.3 million individuals as at 30 June 2021, compared to 5.9 million 
individuals as at 31 December 2020 and 2.9 million individuals as at 31 December 2019. Additionally, in 2017 the 
Alfa Banking Group introduced a digital delivery service, which consists in instant tokenisation of a new card and 
allows not to wait for the plastic card to be issued to get access to the banking product. In 2019, the Alfa Banking 
Group introduced some new features for Alfa-Mobile users such as autopays, rating system and QR code 
payments. In March 2021, the Alfa Banking Group acquired digital service “Net Monet”, a Russian QR code based 
platform for paying tips. The Alfa Banking Group’s management believes that Net Monet is one of the Russian 
market leader by amount of collected tips and this acquisition will create great synergy between businesses. In 
particular, Net Monet data on tips and workplaces enables a real income estimate of the employee which opens an 
opportunity for short term lending. In addition, Net Monet users can be offered to issue Alfa Bank card on the 
success screen after paying tips. Net Monet data on reviews and tips also provides an opportunity to develop a 
restaurant recommendation or booking system. The Alfa Banking Group charges approximately 5 per cent. 
commission on GMV of Net Monet.  
Private Banking  
In January 2006, the Alfa Banking Group established a programme for VIP clients with demand accounts, term 
deposits or the Alfa Banking Group investment products of at least U.S.$1,000,000 for clients in Moscow and 
U.S.$500,000 for clients in other regions. The programme is called A-Club and it offers clients a qualified personal 
financial advisor, segregated VIP customer service areas in separate VIP branches and priority service in other 
branches of the Alfa Banking Group.  
In March 2020, a special offer aimed at increasing the client base by lowering the entry thresholds to A-Club to 
U.S.$700,000 for Moscow and U.S.$300,000 for other regions. 
A-Club clients have access both to an exclusive range of private banking services and products, and 24-hour 
support from a personal manager. Additional benefits include access to a global ATM network that provides for 
the reimbursement of commissions charged on withdrawals from the ATMs of third party banks. Private banking 
clients are also able to transact, including via payment cards, in up to eight different currencies. As at 30 June 2021, 
twenty private banking offices have been opened in the following cities: Moscow, St. Petersburg, Tyumen, 
Chelyabinsk, Samara, Krasnodar, Krasnoyarsk, Novosibirsk, Nizhny Novgorod, Rostov-on-Don, Vladivostok, 
Kazan, Novokuznetsk and Ekaterinburg. As at 30 June 2021, 7,886 clients belonged to the A-Club, compared to 
approximately 7,319 clients as at 31 December 2020 and 6,366 clients as at 31 December 2019. Total amount of 
assets under management of the A-Club amounted to approximately U.S.$ 9.7 billion. The A-Club was recognized 
as the best brand in the private banking industry award by Frank Research Group in 2019, as the bank No.1 for 
high net worth clients award by Forbes Group in 2019 and as the most dynamically developing private bank by 
SPEAR’s Russia Wealth Management Awards. In 2020, Euromoney recognised A-Club as the winner in three 
areas of private banking. In addition, A-Club received ZA’S Russia Wealth Management Awards as the most 
dynamically developing private bank in Russia.  
In 2019, A-Club increased its investment assets by more than 30 per cent. and by almost 38 per cent. in 2020 with 
brokerage and asset management accounting for the biggest portions of rendered services. In addition, in early 
2019, A-Club launched its advisory services to its clients. In mid-2021, A-Club together with Alfa Insurance Life

--- Page 123 ---
114 
 
launched a unit-linked investment product “Alfa Elements” for exclusive distribution among A-Club client. 
Treasury  
Alfa Bank’s Treasury Department has historically been responsible principally for the Alfa Banking Group’s 
liquidity and interest risk management functions and maintenance of open foreign exchange positions as directed 
by the Asset and Liability Management Committee, as well as methodological and analytical functions. In 2009, 
the Treasury Department was reorganised so that the foreign exchange operations were transferred to the Foreign 
Exchange Department of the Corporate and Investment Banking division. In addition to determining the price of 
allocation of funds within the Alfa Banking Group, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Treasury Department 
functions now include the Alfa Banking Group’s asset and liabilities management and money market operations. 
See “Risk Management” below for a further discussion of the Asset and Liability Management Committee and its 
operations.  
In 2013, the Alfa Banking Group’s Russia/CIS Financial Institutions department within the Treasury was merged 
with its International Financial Institutions department, previously within the Trade Finance department, in order 
to further develop the Alfa Banking Group’s financial institutions business. The Financial Institutions department 
operates the Alfa Banking Group’s correspondent banking business and manages general relationship issues with 
foreign banks.  
As at 30 June 2021, Alfa Bank had a global correspondent network involving more than 874 institutions with 
whom authenticated SWIFT send and receive RMA keys are established. As at 30 June 2021, Alfa Bank had over 
161 Nostro accounts with leading banks worldwide (including the United States, Western Europe, Asia and CIS), 
and in over 23 currencies both for customer clearing and foreign exchange operations. International and domestic 
clearing is carried out through SWIFT. Alfa Bank’s counterparties in the international clearing operations include, 
among others, Commerzbank AG, Bank of New York Mellon, Bank of America, Deutsche Bank, Citibank, RBI 
AG, ING, Bank of China, J.P. Morgan and Deutsche Trust Company Americas. The Alfa Banking Group believes 
that its developed global correspondent network, as well as the availability of different credit facilities from the 
international banking community, have been among the key elements of its growth.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s treasury operations generated external revenues of U.S.$202 million for the year ended 
31 December 2020 compared to U.S.$320 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Asset and Liability Management Functions/Interest Rate Management  
Alfa Bank’s Treasury Department supports the Asset and Liability Management Committee in carrying out the 
asset and liability management functions, as well as the interest rate management functions, of the Alfa Banking 
Group. This entails, amongst other things, the analysis, monitoring and management of the Alfa Banking Group’s 
liquidity, foreign currency and interest rate positions under the authorities granted to it by the Asset and Liability 
Management Committee. In order to calculate its exposures, the Alfa Banking Group produces a consolidated 
balance sheet for its Russian operations on a daily basis, and intends to expand this practice to include its 
international operations. The Alfa Banking Group calculates its international operational exposures to ALM risks 
on a daily basis based on information obtained through its operations systems and on monthly basis based on its 
consolidated balance sheet. The Alfa Banking Group exploits special ALM system for its monitoring process, as 
well as to improve its market risk management and transfer pricing systems. The Alfa Banking Group’s liquidity 
is monitored on a daily basis, and interest rate risk is assessed on a weekly basis. See “Risk Management—Interest 
Rate Risk”. As part of its liquidity management process the Alfa Banking Group has a portfolio of debt investments 
at fair value through other comprehensive income, which is intended to complement the correspondent account 
cash management of the Treasury Department and provide an additional buffer for the Alfa Banking Group’s 
liquidity requirements. As at 30 June 2021, debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
amounted to U.S.$2,938 million compared to U.S.$3,283 million as at 31 December 2020 and U.S.$4,840 million 
as at 31 December 2019. The Treasury Department also makes recommendations concerning lending rates to the 
Asset and Liability Management Committee and transfer pricing rates between the Alfa Banking Group’s different 
divisions. In order to improve the interface between the Treasury Department and other divisions of the Alfa 
Banking Group, and in particular with the Alfa Banking Group’s investment banking and corporate banking 
businesses, the Treasury Department has introduced a treasury marketing unit. The Asset and Liability 
Management Committee establishes balance sheet structure limits, which the asset and liability management unit 
of the Treasury Department monitors on a monthly basis. The Asset and Liability Management Committee 
establishes liability concentration limits, which the middle office monitors weekly. The Financial Institutions 
department (which currently combines operations with both Russia/CIS and international financial institutions) 
coordinates the provision of services (including setting and utilisation of credit limits) for, and develops 
relationships with financial institutions, which are Alfa Bank’s clients, and focuses on increasing the effectiveness 
of cooperation and cross-sales to financial institutions.

--- Page 124 ---
115 
 
Major Subsidiaries  
ATB  
ATB was incorporated in October 1994 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and holds a full banking licence from the 
Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.). In March 2001, the Alfa Banking Group acquired a 100 per 
cent. interest in ATB. On 22 October 2015, ATB issued new shares which were acquired by ATB Holdings S.A., 
a company whose share capital is indirectly held by the shareholders of the Alfa Banking Group, for a total 
consideration of EUR20 million. The new shares were issued by ATB to increase its share capital. As a result of 
this share issuance by ATB, the Alfa Banking Group’s shareholding in ATB has been reduced to 90.1 per cent. 
from 100 per cent. held prior to the share issuance. In December 2015, the Alfa Banking Group increased its 
shareholding in ATB to 92.2 per cent. and the shareholding of ATB Holdings S.A. then amounted to 7.8 per 
cent. In April 2016, ATB increased its share capital by converting an existing EUR55 million subordinated loan 
owed to the Alfa Banking Group into newly issued shares. In June 2016, ATB further increased its share capital 
by converting a U.S.$35 million subordinated loan owed to the Alfa Banking Group into newly issued shares. In 
December 2016, ATB issued new shares which were acquired by ATB Holdings S.A. for a total consideration of 
EUR20 million. In June 2017, ATB issued new shares which were acquired by ATB Holdings S.A. and ABH 
Holdings S.A. 
In December 2017, ATB issued new shares which were acquired by ATB ESPP B.V. In December 2019 ATB 
issued new shares which were acquired by Alfa Banking Group. In March 2020 ATB’s share capital was increased 
by additional issue of shares acquired by Alfa Banking Group and in August 2020 ATB’s share capital was 
increased by additional issue of shares acquired by ABH Holdings S.A. In January 2021, ATB’s share capital was 
increased through the issuance of shares acquired by ABH Holdings S.A. On 14 July 2021, ATB issued additional 
shares in favour of Alfa bank and ATB Holdings S.A. As the result of these transactions the share capital of ATB 
amounts to 195 million Euro and the Alfa Banking Group’s shareholding in ATB amounts to 78.36 per cent., while 
the remaining stake is held by ATB Holdings S.A., ABH Holdings S.A. and ATB ESPP B.V. in the amount of 
10.27 per cent. of shares, 5.75 per cent. of shares and 5.62 per cent. of shares, respectively.  
In June 2017, ABH Holdings contributed 15 million Euro to the share capital of ATB. 
During 2020, ATB has changed its strategy and has decided to focus on supporting European SMEs and thereby 
fuelling the growth of the European economy. 
During 2015, ATB recorded significant additional credit loss allowance which (1) impacted the ability of ATB to 
temporarily comply with certain regulatory capital ratio requirements and (2) led to the Dutch banking regulator 
in March 2016 to require ATB to maintain its regulatory capital ratio at a level higher than the previously required 
minimum. During 2016 the Alfa Banking Group implemented certain measures including the increase of ATB’s 
capitalisation, disposal of some of ATB’s loan exposures and other measures aimed at providing capital support 
to ATB. As at 30 June 2021, ATB was working under normal regulatory supervision of the Dutch central bank 
(DNB) and adhered to all regulatory solvency and liquidity ratios.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ATB is being examined by the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service 
of the Netherlands for possible breaches of the Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism (Prevention) Act 
by ATB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no indications that this may cause ATB to cease being a 
going concern. It is unclear which consequences the examination may have. Possible punitive measures may 
include a fine, which is expected to be not material for the Alfa Banking Group.  
Alfa Capital Markets Ltd 
On 6 December 2019, Alfa Bank registered a wholly owned subsidiary in Cyprus named Alfa Capital Markets Ltd 
(“Alfa Capital Markets”). Alfa Capital Markets is licenced by the CySEC to engage principally in brokerage 
activities and proprietary trading.  
Starting from 4 September 2020, Alfa Capital Markets’ principal activities include operations with debt and equity 
instruments, derivatives trading, including forex and other services in relation to structured products and corporate 
finance. In addition, Alfa Capital Markets provides safekeeping services as part of its ancillary services.  
Alfa Capital Markets is a member of the London Stock Exchange and it provides access to global financial markets 
through its services and connections. 
Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Ukraine and the ABH Ukraine Group  
The Alfa Banking Group previously operated a Ukrainian subsidiary Alfa Bank Ukraine together with its local 
branches. In August 2006, the Alfa Banking Group disposed of a 51.0 per cent. interest in Alfa Bank Ukraine to 
ABH Ukraine Limited (a company controlled by ABH Holdings). The Alfa Banking Group’s remaining holdings 
in Alfa Bank Ukraine were further diluted to 16.2 per cent. after Alfa Bank Ukraine closed an offering of capital

--- Page 125 ---
116 
 
shares on 3 November 2006, and by 31 January 2007, the holding had been fully divested.  
In 2010 and 2011, Alfa Bank acquired for cash consideration of U.S.$116 million newly issued shares, comprising 
19.9 per cent. of the outstanding shares of Alfa Bank Ukraine, a subsidiary of the ABH Ukraine Group, and the 
Alfa Banking Group simultaneously entered into a sale and purchase agreement with ABH Ukraine Limited, parent 
of the ABH Ukraine Group, whereby (i) the Alfa Banking Group agreed to transfer immediately to ABH Ukraine 
Limited all voting rights, rights for representation in governance bodies of Alfa Bank Ukraine and rights for future 
distributions arising from the shares, (ii) the Alfa Banking Group agreed not to transfer the shares to any other 
party other than ABH Ukraine Limited and (iii) the Alfa Banking Group and ABH Ukraine agreed to execute 
transfer of the shares from the Alfa Banking Group to ABH Ukraine Limited at any date indicated by the Alfa 
Banking Group or by ABH Ukraine Limited but in any case before 31 December 2014 and in exchange for 
payment by ABH Ukraine Limited of U.S.$116 million. The performance of ABH Ukraine Limited under the 
above contract was guaranteed by ABH Holdings. The Alfa Banking Group concluded that as a result of above 
transactions the Alfa Banking Group purchased and immediately sold the shares in the ABH Ukraine Group. On 
31 March 2014, Alfa Bank transferred to the ABH Ukraine Group legal title to shares representing a 19.9 per cent. 
interest in Alfa Bank Ukraine which were sold by the Alfa Banking Group in 2010 and 2011. 
The Alfa Banking Group previously cooperated with Alfa Bank Ukraine by extending loans to certain of Alfa 
Bank Ukraine’s clients, in amounts that were too large for Alfa Bank Ukraine to undertake independently. In 
July 2010, the Alfa Banking Group decided to transfer to Alfa Bank Ukraine loans it had advanced to Alfa Bank 
Ukraine’s clients and no longer extends loans directly to Alfa Bank Ukraine’s clients. See “Related Party 
Transactions” for further discussion of the Alfa Banking Group’s dealings with Alfa Bank Ukraine. On 
31 December 2013, the Alfa Banking Group in exchange for U.S.$132 million agreed (a) to transfer without any 
deduction and without any delay to ABH Holdings any amount due from the ABH Ukraine Group in relation to a 
subordinated loan of U.S.$132 million as at 31 December 2013 outstanding from the ABH Ukraine Group to the 
Alfa Banking Group and (b) not to sell or pledge the subordinated loan. The Alfa Banking Group recorded this 
transaction as disposal of this subordinated loan in exchange for the consideration receivable. As at 30 June 2021, 
the Alfa Banking Group’s on-balance sheet exposure to the ABH Ukraine Group was insignificant. 
Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Kazakhstan  
On 29 June 2009, the Alfa Banking Group signed a call option agreement with ABH Holdings, whereby in 
exchange for an option premium of U.S.$63 million ABH Holdings received a right to acquire for a fixed 
consideration, and at any time until 31 December 2019, shares representing a 100 per cent. interest in JSC SB Alfa 
Bank Kazakhstan (“Alfa Bank Kazakhstan”). On 20 October 2009, all rights and obligations under the call option 
were assigned to ABH Kazakhstan Limited (“ABH Kazakhstan”). In accordance with the call option agreement, 
(i) the Alfa Banking Group is required to ensure that during the option period ABH Kazakhstan has a majority in 
the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank Kazakhstan and (ii) any income received by the Alfa Banking Group from 
Alfa Bank Kazakhstan after 29 June 2009 is to be transferred to ABH Kazakhstan following the exercise of the 
option. On 31 December 2009, the call option agreement was supplemented to provide that any income received 
by the Alfa Banking Group from Alfa Bank Kazakhstan be transferred to ABH Kazakhstan within 30 days of 
receipt of such amounts even if this occurred before the exercise of the option. The call option agreement, as 
supplemented, effectively transferred to ABH Kazakhstan all potential voting rights and economic benefits relating 
to Alfa Bank Kazakhstan. The call option was prolonged till 31 December 2024. The Alfa Banking Group 
accounted for this transaction as a disposal of its interest in Alfa Bank Kazakhstan.  
In February 2012 and October 2012, Alfa Bank Kazakhstan issued additional shares, comprising 70.4 per cent. 
and 38.3 per cent. of shares of Alfa Bank Kazakhstan at the date of issue, which were acquired by the Alfa Banking 
Group. Simultaneously with the acquisition of these shares, the Alfa Banking Group signed call option agreements 
with respect to the newly-issued shares with ABH Kazakhstan, whereby in exchange for an option premium 
totalling U.S.$30 million, ABH Kazakhstan received a right to acquire for fixed consideration, and at any time 
until 31 December 2024, these newly issued shares in Alfa Bank Kazakhstan. 
Historical Relationship with Alfa Bank Belarus 
The Alfa Banking Group legally owns shares in Alfa Bank Belarus, comprising a 30.77 per cent. stake in Alfa 
Bank Belarus. The Alfa Banking Group initially acquired a 19.3 per cent. stake in Alfa Bank Belarus in 2012. 
Following the legal accession of CJSC “Alfa Bank Finance” to Alfa Bank Belarus in 2013, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s shareholding in Alfa Bank Belarus decreased to 11.8 per cent. In December 2014, the Alfa Banking 
Group’s stake in Alfa Bank Belarus was increased to 55.1 per cent. as a result of an additional share issuance 
conducted by Alfa Bank Belarus. In December 2017, Alfa Bank Belarus issued new shares which were acquired 
by ABH Belarus Limited, as a result of this transaction, the Alfa Banking Group shareholding in Alfa Bank Belarus 
has been reduced to 35.90 per cent. In October 2018 ABH Belarus acquired new shares in Alfa Bank Belarus as 
result of a legal accession of OJSC “Non-banking credit and financial organization Home Credit” to Alfa Bank

--- Page 126 ---
117 
 
Belarus. As a result of this transaction, the Alfa Banking Group shareholding in Alfa Bank Belarus has been 
reduced to 30.77 per cent. The rights and economic benefits in relation to the Alfa Banking Group’s stake in Alfa 
Bank Belarus have been contractually transferred to ABH Belarus Limited and are therefore not recorded in the 
financial statements of the Alfa Banking Group. 
Competition in the Russian Banking Market  
The Alfa Banking Group faces significant competition in Russia and other markets where it operates. The Alfa 
Banking Group’s major competitors include:  
 
Corporate banking: Sberbank, VTB, Gazprombank, Otkritie Bank, Raiffeisen Bank, Tinkoff Bank, 
Modulbank, Uralsib, UniCredit Bank, Promsvyazbank and Rosbank, as well as a number of other national 
and regional banks and certain western banks.  
 
Retail banking: Sberbank, VTB, Raiffeisenbank, Citibank, Russian Standard Bank, Home Credit and 
Finance Bank, Russian Agricultural Bank, OTP Bank (Russia), Tinkoff Bank, Otkritie Bank and 
Sovkombank.  
 
Investment banking: Sberbank CIB, Gazprombank, VTB Capital, Sovcombank and a number of foreign 
investment banks.  
IT Infrastructure  
The Alfa Banking Group places a great emphasis on having a reliable and secure IT system to support its growth 
and continues to implement a number of IT projects to support and increase the efficiency of its banking operations. 
As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Alfa Banking Group had capital commitments related to the 
purchase and installation of new computer systems in the amount of approximately U.S.$136 million and 
U.S.$78.5 million, respectively. See “Strategy – Shift to a New Technological Level”. 
Credit Risk Management Programme  
In 2006, Alfa Banking Group launched its Enterprise Credit Risk programme, implementing a wide range of 
management processes and systems to support all of its business lines. Aspects of this programme included:  
 
implementation of Fair Isaac’s Strategy Manager and Debt Manager software systems;  
 
implementation of Experian’s Hunter system (anti-fraud);  
 
implementation of Experian’s Scoring system (Strategy Manager);  
 
implementation of Experian’s Behaviour Score system; and  
 
integration of the Alfa Banking Group’s systems with some national credit bureaus including Experian 
Interfax and the National Bureau of Credit Histories.  
In 2015, implementation of a software system for transparency of risk management in accordance with Basel II 
and Basel III was completed.  
Computer Centre  
In the first quarter of 2012, the Alfa Banking Group introduced a new data centre in Moscow. This was designed 
to increase the volume of information that could be stored and processed through the Alfa Banking Group’s IT 
systems, to improve the efficiency of the work of the Alfa Banking Group’s employees, to digitise a number of 
processes that were previously conducted manually and to improve the services offered to clients. Increasing 
storage area for the Alfa Banking Group’s servers was a key goal of the project and the Alfa Banking Group 
intends the data centre to support its server storage requirements for the coming years. The production of the 
central banking system Equation was increased by installation of an additional processor. In 2018, the prospective 
IBM Power 8 platform for the central banking system, which enables further business growth, was put into 
operation. Moreover, in 2019 the Alfa Banking Group implemented a new project aimed at increase in productivity 
of the central bank system. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group further developed its IT infrastructure to ensure a 
smooth transition of approximately 9,000 employees to remote work. As a result of the implementation the storage 
capacity of the central banking system increased by 200 per cent. and new Power 9 platform, which enables further 
business growth of Alfa Banking Group in the medium term, was put into service. In addition, Alfa Bank’s 
information systems were upgraded in accordance with requirements of IFRS 9. 
Alfa-Client Online  
Alfa-Client Online is a standardised product and service sales and delivery platform across the Russian Federation

--- Page 127 ---
118 
 
providing corporate clients with online e-banking and other remote services and centralised paying processes. Alfa 
Business Online, a new version of Alfa-Client Online, was introduced in April 2012, when a number of Moscow-
based clients were connected to the new version, which provides access to a broader spectrum of products and 
services than the original Alfa-Client Online. The Alfa Banking Group is currently considering its strategy for 
developing the remote banking platform for its corporate clients. As at 30 June 2021, Alfa-Client Online was used 
by 10,960 of the Alfa Banking Group’s corporate clients and Alfa Business Online was used by 1,693,111 of the 
Alfa Banking Group’s corporate clients.  
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery  
Alfa Banking Group continues to make considerable investments in disaster recovery infrastructure in order to 
ensure continuity of its operations in the event of any technological system failure. The IT and business 
departments have developed business continuity plans, which are detailed action plans to ensure the execution of 
critical processes and operations in case of IT systems failure. The Alfa Banking Group’s key systems and data 
are independently kept in two data centres and are also stored through an external specialist service provider. The 
data centres and key offices of the Alfa Banking Group are connected to backup power systems for use in 
emergencies and the Alfa Banking Group has an agreement with an energy company for the supply of power in 
the event of any medium or long-term power cuts. A new data conservation project called PAC AVAYA launched 
in 2013 helps to minimise risks of cessation of work of Alfa Bank call centre and its soft collection system.  
Retail Business Information Technologies  
The Alfa Banking Group has a strong focus on further expansion of remote services for retail clients and on 
becoming the leader in the Russian market not only in e-banking services, but in the entire area of Internet 
payments.  
The Alfa Banking Group has a CRM system, which includes operations, analysis, tailored customer service and 
sales elements and enables the optimisation of secondary sales processes. The CRM system is aimed at improving 
client loyalty on the basis of an individual approach, providing the retail business with new opportunities to manage 
sales and develop secondary sales.  
All Alfa Bank clients can access an updated Internet version of Alfa-Click Internet platform, which has a new 
design and functions. The screen and navigation menu, as well as the introduction of selectable applications, aim 
to provide to the client a user-friendly, clear and informative functionality and improve their transactional 
operations. The Alfa-Mobile mobile application was also developed on the basis of iOS (iPhone/iPad) and Android 
platforms. Alfa Bank pays attention to the quality and speed of providing services and information to its clients 
and is planning to replace retail lending processes and implement CRM to automatise processes of acquisition of 
salary-based clients.  
The payroll service of the Alfa Banking Group operates on AZON system that enables the creation of platforms 
for the implementation of new payroll products and a platform for self-service payroll projects. For the purposes 
of client protection and to reduce the risk of fraud arising from the use of various remote service channels (such 
as Alfa-Click and Alfa-Mobile) the Alfa Banking Group implemented an anti-fraud Intellinx system. This system 
automatically blocks unauthorised on-line transactions and suspicious operations and transfers them to an operator. 
In 2013, the Alfa Banking Group completed the implementation of the new Opics 3.1 platform that provides 
support for the increase in the number of transactions executed by the Corporate and Investment Department and 
switched to modern versions of ancillary software.  
In the first half of 2016, the Alfa Banking Group successfully completed the instalment of software allowing its 
ATMs to process card payments made via the National Payment Card System. In the first half of 2016, the Alfa 
Banking Group introduced a multi-purpose protocol to integrate Alfa-Click and Alfa-Mobile with various services 
providers, including payment systems used by its retail clients.  
In 2018, a biometric data collection system was launched in the pilot offices of the Alfa Banking Group. 
Functionality of the system involves the collection of a biometric profile (face and voice) and its transfer to a 
Unified Biometric System. The system is a key element of the remote identification mechanism, which will allow 
customers to receive financial services without visiting the bank. In 2020, the Alfa Banking Group upgraded its 
system of collection of a biometric profile that made the process of registration at offices of Alfa Bank easier and 
improved the level of services rendered at offices and remotely. Furthermore, the Alfa Banking Group also 
launched special services that enables collection of some biometric profile directly in Alfa-Mobile.  
In the remote channels of work with clients, the functionality for working with investment tools has been 
implemented. This expands the ability of customers to manage their funds. 
To improve services provided to multinational clients (MNC), holders of corporate cards, Alfa Bank implemented 
a new project “Integration with SmartData by MasterCard”. Such clients now have access to SmartData – a

--- Page 128 ---
119 
 
personal platform for management of financial information relating to card transactions. 
Alfa Bank also introduced services of online registration of sole proprietors making this process easier for its 
clients.  
In 2020, Alfa Bank introduced the ability to transfer money abroad in its Alfa-Mobile application and ability to 
transfer money to bank accounts opened with Sberbank of Russia using telephone number linked to the relevant 
bank account. 
In addition, Alfa-Bank’s Internal Startup strategic programme engages creative teams to develop technology 
solutions within the Alfa Banking Group. One of the first noticeable projects was Alfa Message – a “bank” 
incorporated in popular messengers (Telegram, WhatsApp, Facebook, Viber). This banking bot helps people to 
sign up as Alfa-Bank’s customers and receive a virtual card. Alfa Message can be used to transfer money using a 
telephone number, pay for purchases online and file an application for a loan. The Alfa Banking Group intends to 
develop it further by introducing a product line for children, young people and cyber sports. 
Obligations to the European regulators (MiFID Programme)  
The Alfa Banking Group has implemented its MiFID Programme which allows all information systems of the Alfa 
Banking Group’s European operations to meet the requirements of local regulators (for example, CySEC and the 
UK Financial Conduct Authority).  
Tax and anti-money laundering reporting programmes  
The Alfa Banking Group developed a “Tax Reporting” programme which is an end-to-end solution for the 
calculation of taxes and preparation of tax reports for the Russian Federal Tax Service. This programme is used 
for the calculation of taxes with respect to all operations of the Alfa Banking Group with securities and loans. In 
addition, the Alfa Banking Group recently launched a system based on Actimize-AML platform that automatises 
responses to requests from the Russian anti-money laundering state agency (Rosfinmonitoring) and allows the 
automatic exchange of documentation with Rosfinmonitoring via the channels of the CBR. 
Credit rating system  
The Alfa Banking Group has developed and implemented a credit rating system which prepares qualitative analysis 
of a corporate borrower’s financial condition, a credit risk assessment of a borrower and monitors such borrower’s 
financial performance.  
Transaction Processing System  
In order to improve management of its derivatives business, the Alfa Banking Group introduced an IT system for 
processing credit default swaps. This assisted the Alfa Banking Group with its risk management and was 
introduced in line with the CBR Regulation 372-P “On Procedures for Conducting the Bookkeeping Derivative 
Financial Instruments” dated 9 July 2011, which introduced stricter requirements for the keeping of manual 
records by Russian banks of certain activities.  
Human Resources Management 
The Alfa Banking Group launched the SAP Human Capital Management (HCM) in 2013. This system allows to 
automatise business processes relating to human resources management.  
Employees  
As at 30 June 2021, the Alfa Banking Group had 27,582 employees compared to 26,180 as at 31 December 2020 
and 26,539 as at 31 December 2019. As at 30 June 2021, 11,574 employees were located in Moscow, 15,826 
employees were located elsewhere in the Russian Federation and 182 were located outside of the Russian 
Federation. As at 31 December 2020, 10,772 employees were located in Moscow, 15,235 employees were located 
elsewhere in the Russian Federation and 173 were located outside of the Russian Federation. As at 
31 December 2019, 10,553 employees were located in Moscow, 15,516 employees were located elsewhere in the 
Russian Federation and 190 were located outside of the Russian Federation. Staff costs accounted for 62.9 per 
cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s operating expenses in June 2021, 61.1 per cent. in December 2020 and 56.4 per 
cent. in 2019. The Russian market for qualified financial institution personnel, especially for junior and middle 
management, is highly competitive and the level of turnover of junior bank employees is high, in particular, in the 
retail banking business. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Alfa Banking Group’s Business and Industry—
The Alfa Banking Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel”. The Alfa 
Banking Group cooperates with a number of leading Russian universities to attract top tier graduates to ensure the

--- Page 129 ---
120 
 
Alfa Banking Group’s competitiveness in the future and provides competitive compensation.  
The Alfa Banking Group sets its compensation level by reference to independent industry guides to ensure that its 
compensation packages are competitive. The Alfa Banking Group offers financial incentives and longer term goals 
to minimise staff turnover and to encourage its staff to be results-driven. These include sales incentive programmes 
(primarily for retail unit employees) and annual performance bonuses based on achievement in relation to key 
performance indicators. Long-term incentive programmes include long-term contracts, bonuses and “shadow” 
stock option packages for key employees. The compensation and benefits department closely monitors the regional 
labour markets and develops financial incentives, based upon international best practices, which measure both 
short- and long-term performance in order to maintain a competitive level of employee compensation.  
Property  
With the exception of several buildings and premises in central Moscow as well as certain properties in other 
regions of Russia, the Alfa Banking Group leases its corporate headquarters as well as substantially all of the space 
of its existing branch locations mostly on short-term leases in order to assist it to maintain flexibility. See “—Retail 
Banking — Alfa Bank retail branches”. The Alfa Banking Group expects that most of its future branch locations 
will also occupy leased properties. See also “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group—
Contingencies, Commitments and Derivative Financial Instruments—Operating Lease Commitments”.  
Litigation  
The Alfa Banking Group is from time to time the subject of legal proceedings and other investigations in the 
ordinary course of its business (see “Operating and Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group—Legal 
Proceedings”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alfa Banking Group is not involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings, which might have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 130 ---
121 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Alfa Bank  
In line with other Russian banks, Alfa Bank is managed through a multi-tier system of governing bodies 
comprising the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Executive Board and the Chairman of 
the Executive Board. The following chart shows Alfa Bank’s organisational structure as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
 
 
The General Shareholders’ Meeting is the highest governing body of Alfa Bank. The shareholders elect the Board 
of Directors at the General Shareholders’ Meeting, which is responsible for the general management of Alfa Bank, 
including coordination of its overall strategy and general supervision. The Board of Directors elects members of 
the Executive Board, which is the collective executive body of Alfa Bank, and the Chairman of the Executive 
Board, who oversees the Executive Board. Day-to-day activities of Alfa Bank are overseen by the Chairman of 
the Executive Board and the Executive Board. Certain powers are delegated by the Chairman of the Executive 
Board to his deputies, members of the Executive Board, department heads and various committees. A brief 
description of each of the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Executive Board and the 
Chairman of the Executive Board is set out below. 
General Shareholders’ Meeting  
The shareholders of Alfa Bank, through actions taken at the General Shareholders’ Meeting, are the highest 
governing body of Alfa Bank. The powers of the shareholders at the General Shareholders’ Meeting are set forth 
in the Joint-Stock Companies Law, Alfa Bank’s charter and Alfa Bank’s internal Regulations of the General 
Shareholders’ Meeting. General Shareholders’ Meetings are convened at least once a year pursuant to the Joint-
Stock Companies Law, Alfa Bank’s charter and internal Regulations of the General Shareholders’ Meeting. Within 
the competence of the General Shareholders’ Meeting are corporate actions such as the following:  
 
amendments to Alfa Bank’s charter (unless otherwise is provided by law); 
 
reorganisation or liquidation of Alfa Bank, appointment of a commission to liquidate Alfa Bank and 
approval of preliminary and final liquidation balances;  
 
determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors, election and removal of members of 
the Board of Directors;

--- Page 131 ---
122 
 
 
determination of the number, the nominal value and the class/type of authorised shares and the rights 
granted by such shares; 
 
changes in Alfa Bank’s share capital; 
 
approval of Alfa Bank’s external auditor; 
 
decision on declaration (payment) of dividends; 
 
approval of Alfa Bank’s annual reports and financial statements; 
 
determination of the procedures of General Shareholders’ Meeting; 
 
approval of major transactions; 
 
distribution of profits; 
 
splits or consolidation of Alfa Bank’s shares; 
 
redemption by Alfa Bank of issued shares in circumstances contemplated by Russian legislation; 
 
approval of certain internal documents of Alfa Bank’s governing bodies; 
 
approval of Alfa-Bank’s participation in holding companies, financial and industrial groups, associations 
and other groups of commercial organisations; and  
 
other items in accordance with law. 
Corporate decisions proposed at the General Shareholders’ Meeting generally are adopted by a simple majority of 
shareholders holding voting shares present at the meeting (subject to a minimum quorum requirement of the 
presence of shareholders holding at least 50 per cent. plus one share of the placed voting shares of Alfa Bank). 
However, pursuant to the Joint-Stock Companies Law, the following decisions must be approved by a three-
quarters majority vote of the voting shares present at the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Alfa Bank:  
 
amendments to Alfa Bank’s charter;  
 
reorganisation or liquidation of Alfa Bank, appointment of a commission to liquidate Alfa Bank and 
approval of preliminary and final liquidation balances;  
 
major transactions involving assets in excess of 50 per cent. of the balance sheet value of the assets of Alfa 
Bank;  
 
determination of the number, the nominal value and the class/type of authorised shares and the rights 
granted by such shares;  
 
redemption by Alfa Bank of its issued shares;  
 
any issuance of shares or securities convertible into ordinary shares by closed subscription;  
The annual General Shareholders’ Meeting must be convened by the Board of Directors between 1 March and 
30 June of each year, and its agenda must include the following items:  
 
determination of the number of and the election of the members of the Board of Directors;  
 
approval of the annual report and the annual financial statements;  
 
approval of the distribution of profits, including approval of annual dividends, if any; and 
 
approval of an external auditor. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors is responsible for matters of general management, with the exception of those matters that 
are within the exclusive authority of the General Shareholders’ Meeting. The activities of the Board of Directors 
are carried out in accordance with Alfa Bank’s charter, Alfa Bank’s internal Regulations of the Board of Directors 
and applicable law. The Board of Directors meets as often as necessary and exercises exclusive authority over 
certain matters. Such matters include, for example:  
 
determination of Alfa Bank’s business priorities, approval of the Alfa Bank’s development strategy;  
 
convening of annual and extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meetings;  
 
approval of the agenda of a General Shareholders’ Meeting, determination of the record date for

--- Page 132 ---
123 
 
shareholders entitled to participate in a shareholders’ meeting and other issues in connection with, 
preparation for and holding of General Shareholders’ Meetings;  
 
determination of the price (pecuniary estimate) of property, offering price or its determination mechanics 
and the price of securities to be repurchased in cases where it is provided for in the Joint-Stock Companies 
Law;  
 
placement of Alfa’s Bank bonds or other securities, except for shares, bonds and other securities convertible 
into shares; 
 
repurchase of Alfa Bank’s shares, bonds and other securities in certain circumstances provided for by the 
Joint-Stock Companies Law;  
 
approval of the decision on the issue of the Alfa Bank’s shares and other securities convertible into shares, 
approval of the Alfa Bank’s securities prospectus; 
 
formation of the Executive Board, election and removal of the Chairman of the Executive Board, deputies 
of the Chairman of the Executive Board and members of the Executive Board;  
 
recommendations on the fees payable for the services of an external auditor;  
 
approval of the results of issuance of shares;  
 
determination of principles and approaches to the organization of risk management, internal control and 
internal audit in the Alfa Bank; 
 
recommendations on the amount of dividends on shares and the payment procedure therefor;  
 
the use of Alfa Bank’s reserve fund and other funds;  
 
approval of Alfa Bank’s internal documents, except for those documents the approval of which fall within 
the competence of its shareholders or other governing bodies;  
 
the establishment of branches and representative offices and their liquidation;  
 
approval of major transactions in the circumstances contemplated by the Joint-Stock Companies Law;  
 
establishment of internal control system;  
 
approval of the Alfa Bank’s risk/capital management strategy, including ensuring equity/capital/liquidity 
sufficiency to cover risks for the Alfa Bank as a whole and separate lines of its business, and approval of 
the procedure of management of the risks most important for the Alfa Bank and control over 
implementation of such procedure; 
 
approval of the Alfa Bank’s human resources policy; 
 
approval of certain credit facilities to connected persons that exceed established limits;  
 
determination of the committees of the Board of Directors and approval of relevant regulations, election 
and removal of the Chairman of the Board of Directors’ committees and members of the Board of Directors’ 
committees;  
 
appointment of Alfa Bank’s share registrar, approval of the terms of the agreement with the registrar and 
termination of the agreement with the registrar; and  
 
other items in accordance with law.  
According to the Joint-Stock Companies Law, the election of the Board of Directors at the General Shareholders’ 
Meeting must be conducted through cumulative voting. Under cumulative voting, each shareholder may cast an 
aggregate number of votes equal to the number of shares held by such shareholder multiplied by the number of 
members of Alfa Bank’s Board of Directors, and the shareholder may give all such votes to one candidate or spread 
them between two or more candidates. Before the expiration of their term, the directors may be removed as a group 
at any time without cause by a majority vote at a General Shareholders’ Meeting.  
According to the Joint-Stock Companies Law, members of the Executive Board may not comprise more than a 
quarter of the members of the Board of Directors.  
Alfa Bank’s charter provides that its Board of Directors should consist of not less than five members. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, there are twelve members of Alfa Bank’s Board of Directors.  
The name, position and certain other information for each current member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
are set forth below.

--- Page 133 ---
124 
 
The Board of Directors of Alfa Bank consists of: 
Name 
Position 
Petr Aven ................................ 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Oleg Sysuev ............................ 
President, First Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Vladimir Verkhoshinskiy ........ 
Chief Executive Officer, First Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Member of the 
Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Ildar Karimov .......................... 
Corporate Development, Planning and Control Director, Member of the Board of 
Directors of Alfa Bank 
Mikhail Fridman ..................... 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Andrey Kosogov ..................... 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Alexey Marey ......................... 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Andrew Baxter ........................ 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Oscar Hartmann ...................... 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Marat Atnashev ....................... 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Alexander Galitskiy ................ 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Sergey Matsotskiy ................... 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
Alexander Torbakhov ............. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
The business address of Messrs. Fridman, Sysuev, Verkhoshinskiy, Baxter, Marey, Kosogov, Karimov and Aven 
is 27 Kalanchevskaya Street, 107078, Moscow, Russia. The business address of Mr. Hartmann is 1 Mihaylovskiy 
proezd, bld. 1, 109029, Moscow, Russia. The business address of Mr. Atnashev is 11 Bolshoy Savvinskiy per., 
119435, Moscow, Russia. The business address of Mr. Galitskiy is Moscow, 125047, Butirskey Val str., 10. The 
business address of Mr. Torbakhov is 4 Krasnoproletarskaya Street, 127006, Moscow, Russia. 
A brief biographical description of the members of Alfa Bank’s Board of Directors is set out below.  
Mr. Petr Aven  
Born in 1955 in Moscow, Petr Aven received a Ph.D. in Economics in 1980 from Moscow State University. 
Mr. Aven served as President of Alfa Bank from 1994 until 2011, and as such was responsible for Alfa Bank’s 
overall strategy and for relations with business and government leaders in Russia and abroad. He is the Chairman 
of the board of directors of ABH Holdings and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank. Prior to 
joining Alfa Bank, Mr. Aven was Minister of Foreign Economic Relations for the Russian Federation between in 
1991 and 1992 and served as Russia’s representative to the G-7. An economist by training, Mr. Aven spent several 
years at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis in Laxenburg, Austria (1989-1991). In addition 
to his role at Alfa Bank, Mr. Aven is Chairman of the Board of Directors of AlfaStrakhovanie PLC and a member 
of the Supervisory Board of JSC Alfa Bank Ukraine. He is a member of the Board of the Russian Union of 
Industrialists and Entrepreneurs, member of the Presidium of the Russian International Affairs Council. He is also 
a Board member of the Russian Economic School and a trustee of the Centre for Economic Policy Research in 
Great Britain, a member of President’s Council on International Activities of Yale University in USA. Mr. Aven 
is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts and a trustee of the Royal Academy 
of Arts in Great Britain. From 2007 to 2017, Mr. Aven was the Chairman of the Russia-Latvia Business Council. 
He is a professor at the State University - Higher School of Economics and the author of numerous scientific 
papers and articles on Economic and Trade Issues. Mr. Aven often lectures on economic developments in Russia. 
He was awarded with the Russian Federation Order of Honour and is a holder of a number of international awards. 
Mr. Aven serves as a director of the Board of Directors of LetterOne Holdings S.A. since 25 October 2013 and the 
Board of Directors of Letterone Investment Holdings S.A. since 11 November 2015. In June 2019, All-Russian 
public organization “Russian Football Union” elected Mr. Petr Aven in the Board of Trustees as Member. Since 
27 September 2019 Mr. Aven has also served as a director of the Board of Directors of LetterOne Core Investments 
S.a.r.l. 
Mr. Vladimir Verkhoshinskiy 
Born in 1981 in Yakutsk, Russia, Vladimir Verkhoshinskiy graduated with honors from the Financial Academy 
under the Government of the Russian Federation in 2003 with a degree in Finance and Credit and holds a Master 
of Business Administration and a Public Management Program degrees from Stanford University (USA). 
Mr. Verkhoshinskiy was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Alfa Bank on 1 August 2018 and was elected as 
a member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank on 18 September 2018. Previously, Mr. Verkhoshinskiy has held 
a position of First Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board and has been a member of the Executive Board of 
Alfa Bank. Prior to joining Alfa Bank Mr. Verkhoshinskiy held various positions at VTB Group. 
Mr. Verkhoshinskiy also held various positions at Citibank (Moscow), VR Capital investment fund and 
McKinsey&Co. Since 21 November 2018 Mr. Verkhoshinskiy is also a member of the Supervisory Board of 
FinTech Association. In 9 January 2020 he also was elected as a director to the Board of directors of 
AlfaStrakhovanie PLC.

--- Page 134 ---
125 
 
Mr. Oleg Sysuev  
Born in 1953 in Kuybishev, Russia, Oleg Sysuev graduated from the Kuibyshev Aviation Institute (Samara) in 
1976. Formerly, he worked as the First Deputy Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian 
Federation from 1998 to 1999, Vice-Premier of the Russian Government and Minister of Labour and Social 
Development from 1997 to 1998, and Mayor of Samara City from 1992 to 1997. Mr. Sysuev was appointed to 
Alfa Bank’s Board of Directors in 1999. In addition to his role at Alfa Bank, Mr. Sysuev is a member of the Expert 
Council of the Government of the Russian Federation. Mr. Sysuev serves as a member of the board of directors of 
AlfaStrakhovanie PLC and Alfa-Bank Kazakhstan. Mr. Sysuev also serves as an Advisor of the main Executive 
Director of JSC Trading House Perekrestok since April 2016, which after the reorganization in 2019 is now X5 
Corporate center LLC. Since July 2017, Mr. Sysuev also serves as a member of the board of directors of 
Management Company Rosvodokanal. Mr. Sysuev also serves as an advisor to the CEO of Management Company 
Rosvodokanal. Mr. Sysuev has published numerous articles on the structures of post-Soviet Russia. Mr. Sysuev is 
also a Chairman of the Board of the Charitable Foundation for Scholarship and Social and Charitable Programs 
“Alfa-Chance”, a Chairman of the Board of the Charitable Foundation for saving seriously ill children “Life Line”, 
a Chairman of the Board of Foundation for the promotion of entrepreneurship “SOZIDANIE”. 
Mr. Ildar Karimov 
Born in 1961 in Izhevsk, Mr. Karimov graduated from Lomonosov Moscow State University (Russia) with a 
degree in Economics (1983). He also took the degree of Ph.D. in economics by defending his thesis majoring in 
“Mathematical methods in economics”. Starting from 1987 and up to 1992, Mr. Karimov worked at the Central 
Economic Mathematical Institiute (Moscow). Between 1991 and 1994, Mr. Karimov was a research worker at the 
International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (Laxenburg, Austria). In 1994 Mr. Karimov joined Alfa Bank 
and from 1995 to 2006 was a member of the Executive Board of the Bank, held a position of a Deputy Chairman 
of the Executive Board of the bank. From 2006 to 2016, Mr. Karimov was a member of the Board of Directors of 
Alfa Bank. Mr. Karimov holds position of Alfa Bank Corporate Development, Planning and Control Director since 
2006. He was elected as a member of the Board of Directors of Alfa-Bank since June 2021. He is also a member 
of the Board of Directors of AlfaStrakhovanie PLC and of the Supervisory Board of JSC Alfa Bank Ukraine.  
Mr. Mikhail Fridman  
Born in 1964 in Lvov, Ukraine, Mikhail Fridman graduated from Moscow University of Alloys and Steel in 1986 
with an MS in Engineering. Mr. Fridman served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank from 
1994 until Mr. Johann Jonach succeeded him in 2008. In addition to his role with Alfa Bank, Mr. Fridman also 
serves as a member of the Board of Directors of VEON Ltd. (former VimpelCom Ltd.), and member of the 
Supervisory Board of X5 Retail Group N.V. In November 2005, Mikhail Fridman was elected to Russia’s Public 
Chamber, which comprises business and social leaders who have made significant contributions to Russia. It 
oversees official bodies and also reviews and advises on legislative initiatives undertaken by the Russian 
Government. Mr. Fridman serves as the member of the Board of Directors of LetterOne Holdings S.A. and the 
member of the Board of Directors of Letterone Investment Holdings S.A. and also as a member of the Вoard of 
Directors of ABH Holdings. Since October 2018 Mr. Fridman is also a member of the Supervisory Board of A1 
Investment Holdings S.A. Since 27 September 2019 Mr. Fridman has also served as a member of the Board of 
Directors of Letterone Core Investments S.a.r.l. 
Mr. Andrey Kosogov  
Born in 1961 in Sillamae, Estonia, Andrey Kosogov graduated from the Moscow Energy Institute in 1987. He 
began his career in banking in 1992 as Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Alfa Capital, an investment 
company. From 1992 to 1995, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alfa Capital Investment Fund, a 
forerunner of Alfa Bank’s mutual fund. From 2001 until 2005, he was First Deputy Chairman of the Executive 
Board of Alfa Bank with responsibility for investment activities and asset management. Since February 2006, 
Mr. Kosogov has been a member of the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank. From 2002 until 2008 Mr. Kosogov was 
a member of the Board of Directors of Kievstar. Since September 2011, Mr. Kosogov has served as a member of 
the Board of Directors of Alfa-Capital Asset Management Company and in March 2018 he was elected the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alfa-Capital Asset Management Company. From 2003 to 2007 he was the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of AlfaStrakhovanie PLC and. since 2001, Mr. Kosogov has served as a 
member of the Board of Directors of AlfaStrakhovanie PLC. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of 
ABH Holdings, a member of the Board of Directors of Rissa Investments N.V. Mr. Kosogov serves as a member 
of the Board of Directors of LetterOne Holdings S.A. since 25 October 2013 and of the Board of Directors of 
Letterone Investment Holdings S.A. since 11 November 2015. Mr. Kosogov also serves as an advisor of JSC AB 
Holding. Mr. Kosogov was elected as a director of the Board of directors of Letterone Core Investments S.a.r.l. in 
September 2019.

--- Page 135 ---
126 
 
Mr. Alexey Marey  
Born in 1977 in Moscow, Alexey Marey graduated with honours from Moscow Aviation Institute’s Economics 
Department in 1999. Mr. Marey joined Alfa Bank in September 2004, as Head of Distribution in Moscow. Before 
joining Alfa Bank, he was a business development manager and regional sales manager at Danone from 1999 to 
2004. Prior to his time with Danone, he worked at Gillette International (Moscow) in the area of logistics (1997-
1999) and as a logistics manager at Duracell Batteries N. V. (1996-1997). Mr. Marey was appointed Head of Retail 
Business of Alfa Bank in April 2007. He also served as General Management Director and as Deputy CEO of Alfa 
Bank until November 2017. Mr. Marey was a member of the Executive Board of Alfa Bank since 2007 until 2017. 
In 2012 Mr. Marey was elected to the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank. Mr. Marey is also a member of the Board 
of Directors of Rissa Investments N.V., of the Board of Directors of QIWI plc and of the Board of Directors of 
PJSC Cheliabinsk Pipe-Rolling Plant. He was a member of the Board of directors of AlfaStrakhovanie PLC from 
June, 2016 till January, 2020. 
Mr. Andrew Baxter  
Born in 1966 in South Africa, Andrew Baxter graduated from the University of the Witwatersrand (Johannesburg) 
in 1987-1988 with Bachelor’s degrees in Commerce and Accountancy. He later qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant (S.A.), having passed the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants’ final qualifying 
examination and completed his Articles of Clerkship with Deloitte & Touche in December 1990. Before joining 
Alfa Bank in 2005, Mr. Baxter worked at the SUN Group. Initially employed in 1999 as CFO of one of SUN’s 
portfolio companies, he was promoted as CFO to SUN Group in 2000 and soon thereafter in 2001 promoted to 
Partner and Head of Moscow office of the SUN Group. Prior to his work with the SUN Group, he worked at 
Renaissance Capital, The US Russia Investment Fund, CS First Boston and Deloitte & Touche, all based either in 
Moscow or Johannesburg. Mr. Baxter was the Chief Financial Officer of Alfa Bank from 2005 to 31 July 2013 
and was the Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board of Alfa-Bank from 2006 to 31 July 2013. On 26 June 2013, 
Mr. Baxter was elected to the Board of Directors of Alfa-Bank. His primary areas of responsibility are finance and 
investor relations. Mr. Baxter was also a member of the Board of Directors of ABH Financial till 27 March 2020. 
He also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of ABH Holdings S.A. and a member of the Supervisory 
Board of ATB. He was a member of the Supervisory Board of JSC “Ukrsocbank” from February 2017 till 
December 2019. He serves as a member of the Supervisory Board of JSC Alfa Bank Ukraine. Since 
December 2019 Mr. Baxter also serves as member of the Supervisory Board of ATB ESPP B.V. Mr. Baxter also 
is a member of the Board of directors of Absolutely no Nonsense Admin Ltd., of the Board of Directors of Stionira 
Limited. 
Mr. Oscar Hartmann 
Born in 1982 in Dzhambul, Oscar Hartmann graduated from Otto Beisheim School of Management in 2007 with 
a degree in International Management and International Economics. He also received an MBA degree in the 
University of Hawaii in 2008. Mr. Hartmann was elected to the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank in June 2017. 
From January 2009 till May, 2018, he served as Chairman of the Executive Board of LLC Privat Trade. 
Mr. Hartmann is also a General Director of LLC Polyanka and serves as the president for development of LLC 
Aktivo. He serves as the President of Charitable Foundation for the Support and Development of the Russian 
Economy. 
Mr. Marat Atnashev 
Born in 1977 in Moscow, Marat Atnashev graduated from State University of Management in 1999 with a degree 
in Power Engineering. He also received an MBA degree in INSEAD Business School in 2002 and an MPA degree 
in Harvard Kennedy School in 2016. Mr. Atnashev was elected to the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank in 
January 2020. He also serves as member of the Board of Directors of ABH Holdings S.A., JSC “Alfa 
Strakhovanie”, LLC UK “Rosvodokanal” and PJSC Raspadskaya. Since December 2018 Mr. Atnashev has acted 
as a director of the Board of Directors of Investment Company A1. He also serves as director of Asset Management 
at CTF Consultancy Limited. Since May, 2020 Mr. Atnashev serves as a member of the supervisory board of X5 
Retail Group N.V. 
Mr. Alexander Galitskiy 
Born in 1955 in Zhitomir, Alexander Galitskiy graduated from National Research University of Electronic 
Technology in 1978. Mr. Galitskiy was elected to the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank in June 2020. He also serves 
as a member of board of directors of the Russian Venture Company, CarPrice, Jelastic, Parallels International 
(Virtuozzo), Octonion, Softline, the Skolkovo Foundation and LLC “Skolkovo – Venture Investments”.

--- Page 136 ---
127 
 
Mr. Galitskiy also serves as the President of JSC ELVIS-PLUS and as an investment advisor of B612 Foundation. 
In 2016 He was elected as a member of the Board of Ukranian Association of direct and venture investment. He 
is also a member of the Board of trustees of Skoltech. He also acts as the founder and managing partner of Almaz 
Capital Partners, international venture investment fund. In 2012 Mr. Galitskiy was nominated for the price of best 
venture investor and in 2013 he won the price of EY “Best entrepreneur 2013” in Russia.  
Mr. Sergey Matsotskiy 
Born in 1962 in Moscow, Sergey Matsotskiy graduated from the National University of Oil and Gas “Gubkin 
University” in 1974. Mr. Matsotskiy was elected to the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank in June 2020. He also 
acted as a member of board of directors of PJSC “IBS IT Uslugi” till 13 April 2020. From 1992 till March 2020 
Mr. Matsotskiy acted as co-founder of IBS and in March 2020 founded BFT and Arenadata companies. 
Mr. Matsotskiy is also a member of board of directors of JSC “GS-Invest”. 
Mr. Alexander Torbakhov 
Born in 1971 in Moscow, Mr. Torbakhov graduated from Moscow Aviation Institute (Russia) with a degree in 
Economics. He also holds an ecomonist degree from Moscow State Institute of International Relations and an 
MBA from University of Chicago Booth School of Business (USA). Mr Torbakhov joined Alfa Bank in June 2021. 
In addition to his role in Alfa Bank, Mr. Torbakhov also holds a position of Chief Executive Officer of PAO 
VimpelCom. Mr. Torbakhov started his career in 1995 as bank service manager expert at the Moscow office of 
Delloiyye & Touche, after what he worked in Vimpel Communcations and Rosgosstrakh-Life Insurance Company. 
From 2010 to 2018, Mr. Torbakhov served for Sberbank as Advisor to the President of Sberbank and a Member 
of the Executive Board, Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board of Sberbank. From 2019 to 2020, he was a 
member of the Supervisory Board and the Chairman of the Innovation and Technology Committee of X5 Retail 
Group. 
Executive Board and Chairman of the Executive Board  
The day-to-day management of Alfa Bank is carried out by the Executive Board and the Chairman of the Executive 
Board of Alfa Bank.  
Together with the Executive Board, the Chairman of the Executive Board is responsible for implementing 
decisions of the General Shareholders’ Meeting and the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Executive Board 
is authorised, among other things, to act on behalf of Alfa Bank without any express grant of authority, to dispose 
of Alfa Bank’s property in accordance with Alfa Bank’s charter, to determine the guidelines of the internal audit 
and control systems in Alfa Bank and to issue internal orders concerning Alfa Bank’s day-to-day operations. The 
Members of the Executive Board are elected by the Board of Directors for a term of two years. On 31 August 2011, 
the Board of Directors elected Mr. Andrey Sokolov as the Chairman of the Executive Board of Alfa Bank. On 
24 June 2019, Mr. Sokolov was re-elected as the Chairman of the Executive Board of Alfa Bank starting from 
24 June 2019.  
The Executive Board is Alfa Bank’s collective executive body. Its activities are coordinated by the Chairman of 
the Executive Board and are regulated by applicable Russian law, Alfa Bank’s charter and internal Regulations of 
the Executive Board. The Executive Board meets at least weekly and makes its decisions by a simple majority 
vote (subject to a quorum requirement of one-half of its members). In accordance with Alfa Bank’s charter, the 
decisions of the Executive Board may be taken in the form of simultaneous attendance or absentee voting, 
including by ballot, which can be delivered by email, fax, courier letters, inhand delivery and any other means 
which enable to ascertain the date of its receipt.  
Functions that are not allocated to the General Shareholders’ Meeting, the Board of Directors or the Chairman of 
the Executive Board remain within the purview of the Executive Board. In particular, the Executive Board is 
charged, among other things, with the following functions:  
 
developing principles for Alfa Bank’s day-to-day management;  
 
implementing decisions taken by Alfa Bank’s shareholders and the Board of Directors;  
 
determination of Alfa Bank’s personnel policy and control over implementation thereof;  
 
procuring Alfa Bank’s compliance with law and regulations of the Bank of Russia;  
 
approval of the risk management processes and procedures for capital and stress testing based on Alfa 
Bank’s risk and capital management strategy; 
 
determination and approval of limits and terms of Alfa Bank’s lending;

--- Page 137 ---
128 
 
 
approving instructions, rules, regulations and other internal documents, including (without limitation) 
credit, accounting, marketing, labour, financing and other policies, except for those that are within the 
responsibility of other governing bodies of Alfa Bank;  
 
conferring powers and/or determining the procedure of conferring powers to head officers, other officers 
and employees of the Alfa Bank; and  
 
functions not delegated to Alfa Bank’s shareholders or the Board of Directors.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Board has fourteen members. The name, position and certain 
other information for each member of the Executive Board are set out below.  
Name 
Position 
Andrey Sokolov ............ 
Chairman of the Executive Board 
Andrew Chulack ........... 
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Corporate and Investment Bank Director, Member 
of the Executive Board 
Alexei Tchoukhlov ....... 
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Executive 
Board 
Mikhail Grishin ............. 
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Legal and Distressed Asset Management Director, 
Member of the Executive Board 
Vladimir 
Verkhoshinskiy ............. 
 
Chief Executive Officer, First Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Member of the Board 
of Directors, Member of the Executive Board  
Denis Osin .................... 
Small and Microbusiness Director, Member of the Executive Board 
Vladimir Voeykov ........ 
Medium Business Director, Member of the Executive Board 
Ivan Pyatkov ................. 
Digital Business Director, Member of the Executive Board 
Michael Tuch ................ 
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Retail Business Director, Member of the Executive 
Board 
Sergei Poliakoff ............ 
Chief Information Officer, Member of the Executive Board 
Alexei Giyazov ............. 
Marketing Director, Member of the Executive Board 
Andrey Guletskiy .......... 
Risk Management Director, Member of the Executive Board 
Yulia Mikhailova .......... 
Head of Distribution, Advanced Analytics and Front-End Solutions, Member of the Executive 
Board 
Alexandra Tymbai ........ 
Strategic Development Director, Member of the Executive Board 
The business address of all members of the Executive Board is 27 Kalanchevskaya Street, 107078, Moscow, 
Russia. A brief biographical description of those members of Alfa Bank’s Executive Board is set forth below.  
Mr. Andrey Sokolov  
Born in 1955 in Moscow, Andrey Sokolov graduated from Moscow State University with a degree in Mathematics 
in 1977. Prior to joining Alfa Bank, Mr. Sokolov was Chairman of the Board of Directors of RESO-Garantia, the 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of MDM Commercial Bank and the First Deputy Chairman of the 
Executive Board of Konversbank. Mr. Sokolov was appointed the First Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board 
of Alfa Bank in July 2007. Before that, he served as Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board of Alfa Bank (2003-
2007). In 2011, Mr. Sokolov was appointed Chairman of the Executive Board of Alfa Bank. On 19 June 2019, 
Mr. Sokolov was re-elected as the Chairman of the Executive Board of Alfa Bank starting from 24 June 2019. He 
is also a member of the Supervisory Board of ATB. 
Mr. Andrew Chulack  
Born in 1970 in Lvov, Andrew Chulack graduated from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology and 
holds an MBA Degree from the University of Southern California. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Chulack worked at 
Deutsche Bank AG where he led investment banking and corporate business in Russia and the CIS and was 
responsible for working with large Russian and Western corporations. Before that, he worked at Merrill Lynch 
Group as Managing Director of M&A. Since May 2019, Mr. Chulack is Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board 
of Alfa Bank, a member of the Executive Board, where he also serves as Corporate and Investment Bank Director. 
He was also elected as a member of the Board of Directors of LLC Alfa-Leasing in June 2019. 
Mr. Alexei Tchoukhlov  
Born in 1975 in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg), Alexei Tchoukhlov graduated from Institut d’Etudes Politiques 
de Paris in 1999. In 1999 Mr. Tchoukhlov joined the Société Générale Group where he worked for 7 years in the 
General Inspection department conducting internal audits and various specific projects within numerous 
subsidiaries of the Société Générale Group in more than 10 countries. Between 2006 and 2008, Mr. Tchoukhlov 
was involved in the acquisition of Rosbank by the Société Générale Group and the subsequent integration of 
Rosbank into the Société Générale Group. Mr. Tchoukhlov served as a Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board,

--- Page 138 ---
129 
 
as a member of the Executive Board and as Head of Accounting and Finance of Rosbank from 2009 to 
February 2013. Mr. Tchoukhlov joined Alfa Bank in April 2013 as a Financial Director. In August 2013 
Mr. Tchoukhlov was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and was elected as Deputy Chairman of the Executive 
Board. Mr. Tchoukhlov serves as a member of the Board of Directors and a member of Executive Board of SCI 
La Bucede. Since July 2017, Mr. Tchoukhlov is a member of the Supervisory Board of Alfa Bank Belarus, where 
he also serves as chairman of the Supervisory Board. Since December 2018, Mr. Tchoukhlov is a member of the 
Board of Directors of LLC Alfa-Leasing, where he also serves as chairman of the Board of Directors. In 
February 2020, Mr. Tchoukhlov was elected as a General Director of Foundation for the Support of International 
Economic Internships and Culture Dialogue.  
Mr. Mikhail Grishin  
Born in 1970 in Moscow, in 1993 Mikhail Grishin graduated from Moscow State Institute of Radio Engineering, 
Electronics and Automation and in 1997 from Kutafin Moscow State Law University. From 1993 to 1994, 
Mr. Grishin worked in JSC “Aerosoft” as a programmer. Mr. Grishin joined Alfa Bank in 1994 and worked in 
legal department. In 2002, he was appointed as Head of Legal Department. Under his leadership, Alfa Bank’s legal 
department was selected as the best legal department among credit organisations. In 2013, Mr. Grishin was 
appointed as a Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board and in June 2015 was elected as a member of the 
Executive Board. Mr. Grishin was a member of the Board of Directors of OOO “Sentinel Credit Management” 
from 7 September 2011 till 6 September 2019. Since March 2019 Mr Grishin has served in Alfa-Bank on a 
position – Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, Legal Affairs and Distressed Asset Management Director, 
member of the Executive Board. 
Mr. Denis Osin 
Born in 1972 in Moscow, Denis Osin graduated from the Moscow State University of Printing Arts, specialization 
“Accounting and Audit”. From 1995, he worked in FMCG sector companies. He began as sales representative, 
was moving steadily through the ranks and has grown to a regional manager. Among his employers were 
companies such as Kraft Foods, Hochland, Perfetti Van Melle, and Schweppes. He joined Alfa Bank in July of 
2006. He worked in such departments as “Retail Banking”, “Corporate and Investment Banking”, where he held 
the position of Regional Sales Director. Then Mr. Osin moved to MSME department, where he was the Director 
of sales and distribution, and in April 2015 was appointed for the position of Head of Mass Corporate Business. 
Mr. Osin is also a Member of the Board of Directors of Alfa-Bank Kazakhstan. In October 2016 was nominated 
for the Member of Board of Directors LLC Alfa-Leasing. Since April 12, 2018, he was appointed to the position 
of Head of Small and Medium Corporate Business and elected to the position of Member of the Executive Board. 
Since February 2019 Mr Osin serves in Alfa-Bank on a position – Small and Microbusiness Director, member of 
the Executive Board. 
Mr. Vladimir Verkhoshinskiy (see the information in “The Board of Directors” description above ) 
Mr. Vladimir Voeykov 
Vladimir Voeykov has many years of experience in the retail and corporate banking business. Prior to joining 
Alfa-Bank, he held the position of Deputy Chairman of the Management Board of JSCB RUSSIAN CAPITAL 
(AO). Vladimir was responsible for developing business with retail clients and corporate clients of all segments, 
as well as for managing the regional sales network. From 2011 to 2015, he worked at OJSC The Bank of Moscow 
as Senior Vice President and Member of the Management Board, where he developed business with small and 
medium-sized clients. In 2008-2011, he held the position of Senior Vice President at OJSC NOMOS-Bank. From 
1996 to 2008, he worked in the bank OJSC VTB Bank in positions from Leading Specialist of the Lending 
Department to Vice-President – Head of Regional Business Department. Vladimir Voeykov is responsible for the 
formation and implementation of a long-term development strategy of the bank in the medium business segment. 
Since February 2019 Mr. Voeykov serves in Alfa-Bank on a position – Medium Business Director, member of the 
Executive Board. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of LLC Alfa-Leasing, of the Board of directors 
of Alfa-Bank Ukraine and of the Board of Directors of JSC Commercial Bank “Poydem!”. He also served as a 
Development Adviser of JSC Commercial Bank “Poydem!” till 23 September 2020. 
Mr. Ivan Pyatkov 
Ivan Pyatkov has been working in the banking sector for over 20 years. Prior to joining Alfa-Bank, Ivan was in 
charge of VTB’s digital business, and since 2013 he headed the department of retail products, e-business and CRM 
at the Bank of Moscow. In 2011–2013 he worked at Promsvyazbank in the capacity of the retail products and

--- Page 139 ---
130 
 
segments department director. In 2006–2011 he was in charge of sales development at VTB24. From 2001 to 2006, 
he headed the Sakhalin branch of the Bank of Moscow. Ivan Pyatkov graduated with honors from the Russian 
State University of Trade and Economics in 1999. He has an additional education in the field of management 
according to the UK Open University programs (The Open University Business School). In 2012, he completed a 
leadership program in London at The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Since November 2018 
Ivan Pyatkov serves in Alfa Bank as Director of Digital Business and Innovations. Since February 2019 
Mr. Pyatkov serves in Alfa-Bank on a position – Director of Digital Business, member of the Executive Board. 
He also serves in JSC Alfa-Bank (Kazakhstan) as a Director of the Board of Directors. 
Mr. Michael Tuch 
Michael Tuch was educated at the University of Maryland in the United States with a degree in Economics and 
Finance. After graduation from the University in 1998 he started his career at GE Capital, where he managed 
projects in 12 countries and developed businesses in the USA, Mexico and Russia. Held role of CFO at GE Money 
Bank Russia. Since 2007, joined «Svyaznoy» group, as Executive Vice President and in 2013 became CEO of the 
company. In early 2016, Michael Tuch was appointed to the position of Executive Director of the retail chain 
M.Video. Since 2017 Michael Tuch serves in Alfa Bank as Head of Retail Business. Since April 2019, Mr. Tuch 
serves in Alfa-Bank on a position – Director of Retail Business, Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board, member 
of the Executive Board. From September 2017 till September 2019 he served as a Director in the Board of 
Directors of LLC Sentinel Credit Management. He also serves in Alfa-Capital Asset Management Company as 
member of the Board of Directors. 
Mr. Sergei Poliakoff 
Sergei Poliakoff was born on October 6, 1960 in Moscow. He holds a Master of Mathematics and Cybernetics 
from the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences. From 1995, he led IT projects at Morgan Stanley in various 
capacities. Then Mr. Poliakoff moved to Deutsche Bank, where he worked in management positions until 2005. 
In 2006 he joined Quadriserv as Managing Director of Technology and Strategic development. From May 2013 
till December 2019, Mr. Poliakoff was Director of Information Technologies and the Member of the Management 
Board at the Moscow Exchange. In December 2019 he joined the Alfa Bank as Chief Information Officer and in 
July 31, 2019 was nominated for the Member of the Executive Board. Since August 26, 2019 Mr. Poliakoff serves 
in Alfa Bank on a position – Director of Information Technologies, member of the Executive Board. 
Mr. Alexei Giyazov 
Alexei Giyazov graduated from Saint Petersburg State University with a degree in Applied Ethics in 2010 and 
from National Research University Higher School of Economics with a degree in Journalism in 2012. Mr. Giyazov 
was in charge of marketing at Sberbank of Russia from 2017 till 2018. In 2018 Alexei Giyazov joined Alfa Bank 
as Marketing Director and held the position of the head of Alfa Bank’s Marketing Department from April 2019 
till March 2020. From March 2020 till November 2021 Mr. Giyazov acted as head of Alfa Bank’s Department of 
Marketing and Communications. Mr Giyazov serves in Alfa Bank on a position of Marketing Director, member 
of the Executive Board. Alexei Giyazov also serves in Charity Fund “Alfa Chance” as general director. 
Mr. Andrey Guletskiy 
Andrey Guletskiy received a degree in Mathematics at Ural State University named after A.M. Gorky in 1994 and 
graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a degree of Master in Business Management in 2004 and in 
Software Engineering in 2019. Mr. Guletskiy joined the Alfa Banking Group in September 2017 as head of Alfa 
Bank’s Retail Risk Management. From December 2018 till July 2019 Andrei Guletskiy was in charge of Alfa 
Bank’s retail and small business risks. From July 2019 till November 2021 Mr.Guletskiy held the position of the 
Head of the Risk Management Department. Since November 2021, Mr. Guletskiy serves in Alfa Bank on a position 
of Risk Management Director, member of the Executive Board. He also holds the position of a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Alfa-Leasing. 
Mrs. Yulia Mikhailova 
Yulia Mikhailova graduated from Moscow State University with a degree in Economics in 2000. Mrs. Mikhailova 
held the position of partner at BCG LLC from September till November 2019. In November 2019, Yulia 
Mikhailova joined Alfa Bank as head of the Network Management Department. Since November 2021, Mrs. 
Mikhailova serves in Alfa Bank on a position of Head of Distribution, Advanced Analytics and Front-End 
Solutions, member of the Executive Board.

--- Page 140 ---
131 
 
Mrs. Alexandra Tymbai 
Alexandra Tymbai received a degree in Economics at the State University of Management in 2007. From January 
till July 2018, Mrs. Tymbai was in charge of retail business development and coordination department at VTB. In 
August 2018, Alexandra Tymbai joined Alfa Bank as Strategic Development Director. From April 2019 till 
November 2021 Mrs. Tymbai held the position of head of Alfa Bank’s Strategic Development and Quality 
Department. Since November 2021, Alexandra Tymbai serves at Alfa Bank as Strategic Development Director, 
member of the Executive Board. 
Supervisory Bodies  
In addition to the managerial bodies described above, Alfa Bank has various supervisory bodies to facilitate 
corporate governance, including on the Board of Directors level, the Personnel and Remuneration Committee, 
Audit Committee and Risk Committee.  
Audit Committee  
Internal control is a process performed by the Board of Directors, Executive Board and other Alfa Bank employees 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting, safeguarding of assets, 
effectiveness and efficiency of operations and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, internal policies and 
procedures. The Audit Committee of Alfa Bank was established in 2014 and consists of three members and the 
current members are Mr. Andrew Baxter (the Chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Marat Atnashev and 
Mr. Oleg Sysuev. 
The primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist Alfa Bank in overseeing internal audit processes, 
reviewing financial reports, monitoring quality assurance of corporate governance and maintaining effective 
corporate control. The Audit Committee have the authority to conduct any investigation they consider necessary 
or appropriate in order to fulfil their duties. The Audit Committee have unrestricted access to the independent 
auditors, the internal audit department, and anyone else within the Alfa Bank, and may require any officer or 
employee or independent auditors to attend a meeting with the Audit Committee or with any members of, or 
consultants or advisers to, the Audit Committee.  
Personnel and Remuneration Committee 
The Personnel and Remuneration Committee consists of three members and the current members of the committee 
are Mr. Petr Aven (the Chairman of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee), Mr. Andrew Baxter and 
Mr. Marat Atnashev. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee was established in November 2018 and consists of three members. Current members of the 
Risk Committee are Mr. Andrew Baxter (the Chairman), Mr. Marat Atnashev and Mr. Alexey Marey. The Risk 
Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for preliminary consideration, analysis and proposals to the 
Board of Directors of the following key subjects: oversight the risk and capital management strategу, establishing 
risk appetite, monitoring the effectiveness of the risk management system, improvement of risk-culture and “Three 
lines of defence” model, internal ratings-based (the “IRB”) models and validation. 
Conflicts of Interest  
As set out in the biographies above, certain of Alfa Bank’s directors and executive officers also serve as directors 
or officers, or hold shareholdings, in other companies. Furthermore, additional directorships, officerships or 
shareholdings could be obtained or appointed to such persons in the future. As a result, potential conflicts of 
interest exist between these directors’ and officers’ duties to the Alfa Banking Group and their duties arising from 
their positions or shareholdings in such other entities. Such other entities may directly or indirectly provide services 
that compete or may in the future compete with the services offered by the Alfa Banking Group or may receive 
loans or other financing from the Alfa Banking Group. In February 2014, the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank 
adopted specific internal regulations aimed at preventing conflicts of interest in Alfa Bank which, inter alia, 
establish criteria for identifying and determining conflicts of interest, measures that need to be taken in order to 
prevent or to clear any conflicts of interest.

--- Page 141 ---
132 
 
OWNERSHIP 
Overview  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ultimate parent company of the Alfa Banking Group is ABH Holdings, 
a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, which owns 97.4 per cent. of the 
shares in ABH Financial directly (the remaining 2.6 per cent. of the shares in ABH Financial are held through Alfa 
Bank). ABH Financial in turn is the sole shareholder of JSC AB Holding, a Russian joint-stock company, which 
together with ABH Financial owns 100 per cent. of Alfa Bank’s outstanding shares. See “Description of the Alfa 
Banking Group—ABH Financial and the Alfa Banking Group” for details of the principal corporate structure of 
the Alfa Banking Group.  
ABH Holdings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of ABH Holdings is U.S.$431,415.76, 
comprising 43,141,576 ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of U.S.$0.01 each, of which 43,141,576 
fully-paid shares have been issued.  
ABH Financial  
As at 30 June 2021 and the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of ABH Financial was and is 
U.S.$1,264,800,000 divided into 1,258,476,000 registered fully paid ordinary shares and 6,324,000 registered fully 
paid preference shares with a nominal value of U.S.$1.00 each. 
Shareholder 
Number of 
Ordinary 
Shares 
Number of 
Preference 
Shares 
Nominal 
Value Per 
Share 
Percentage 
of Total 
Share 
Capital 
 
 
 
(U.S.$) 
% 
ABH Holdings S.A. ......................................................  
1,225,591,200 
6,324,000 
1.00 
97.4 
Alfa Bank ......................................................................  
32,884,800  
– 
1.00 
2.6 
Alfa Bank  
As at 30 June 2021, the share capital of Alfa Bank was RUB59,587,623,000 and is divided into 59,587,623 
ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of RUB1,000 each.  
The following table sets forth the legal shareholders of Alfa Bank as at 30 June 2021: 
Shareholder 
Number of 
Ordinary 
Shares 
Nominal Value 
Per Share 
Percentage of 
Total Share 
Capital 
 
 
(RUB) 
% 
JSC AB Holding(1) ................................................................  
59,587,523 
1,000 
99.99983 
ABH Financial Limited ........................................................  
100 
1,000 
0.00017 
Total .....................................................................................  
59,587,623 
1,000 
100.0 
(1) 
Wholly owned by ABH Financial.

--- Page 142 ---
133 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT  
Overview 
The Alfa Banking Group is focused on systematically exploiting available opportunities to achieve its growth 
targets without losing sight of the related risks. The Alfa Banking Group applies a unified risk management 
practice across all product lines, comprising credit risk, market risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk 
and operational risk management. The primary objective of the Alfa Banking Group’s risk management is to 
achieve an optimal level of risk-return for its operations. The Alfa Banking Group continues to enhance its risk 
management.  
The financial risk management function establishes risk limits and ensures that exposure to risks stays within these 
limits. The operational risk management functions are intended to ensure proper functioning of internal processes 
and procedures to minimise the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to internal and external risk factors. 
The Alfa Banking Group’s approach to managing risks is composed of following elements: (i) risk governance, 
(ii) risk identification, (iii) risk assessment, management and control, and (iv) risk reporting. 
Subsidiaries of the Alfa Banking Group have their own unified risk management bodies depending on the size and 
risk profiles of each relevant entity aimed at effective and efficient governance and decision making.  
The Board of Directors of Alfa Bank has overall responsibility for the implementation of the risk management 
framework, including, but not limited to, review and approval of the risk and capital management strategy, 
procedure of significant risks management, risk-appetite, IRB models and validation reports. The Board of 
Directors of Alfa Bank also approves significant exposures, affiliated and related party transactions, which exceed 
the specific limits. 
The Audit Committee of Alfa Bank is responsible for overseeing the internal control framework, assessing the 
adequacy of risk management and compliance policies and procedures. It convenes regularly and provides 
recommendations to the Board of Directors on development of the risk management framework as well as its views 
on the quality of risk management and compliance. 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for reviewing and developing the remuneration framework, including 
recommendations to the Board of Directors. 
The Risk Committee is responsible for preliminary consideration, analysis and proposals to the Board of Directors 
of Alfa Bank of the following key subjects: oversight the risk and capital management strategy, establishing risk 
appetite, monitoring the effectiveness of the risk management system, improvement of risk-culture and “Three 
lines of defence” model, IRB models and validation. 
The Executive Board of Alfa Bank is responsible for implementation and monitoring of risk mitigation measures. 
The Executive Board monitors that the Alfa Banking Group operates within the established risk parameters. The 
Executive Board approves risks which exceed the individual authority of the relevant committees. The Executive 
Board of Alfa Bank is responsible for approval of procedures for risk and capital management and stress-testing 
based on the risk and capital management strategy approved by the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank. It ensures 
internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (“ICAAP”) and maintains capital adequacy higher than minimum 
regulatory requirements, as well as considers ICAAP reporting. 
Risks are managed and controlled through a system of committees. In order to facilitate efficient decision-making, 
the Alfa Banking Group has established a hierarchy of credit committees depending on the type and amount of the 
exposure: a) non-retail credit risk through the Non-Retail Credit Committees; b) retail credit risk through the Retail 
and Mass Risk Committee; c) Market, Liquidity and Interest rate risk through the Asset and Liability Management 
Committee; d) operational risk through the Operational Risk Steering Committee.  
The Risk Management Department is responsible for the overall risk management functions, ensuring the 
implementation of common principles and methods for identifying, measuring, managing and reporting risks. The 
Risk Management Department deals with non-retail credit risk, counterparty credit risk, retail credit risks along 
with market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk (together with the Treasury Department). The 
department structure is geared to bring focus on proactive portfolio management and to perform an extensive 
program of risk management processes and models improvements with ultimate goal to satisfy Basel II and III 
standards for risk management.  
Corporate bad debts are managed through the Problem Loans Department that is independent from the Risk 
Management Department. Corporate problem loans are approved by the Main Credit Committee. The Non-Retail 
Default Committee is responsible for approval defaults and recovery period of borrowers (group of borrowers). 
In relation to retail business, the Bad Debt Management Department executes the bad debt management strategy 
developed by the Retail Credit Risk Management Division and the Bad Debt Management Department. Default 
process is mainly automated, methodology is approved by the Head of Executive Board of Alfa Bank.

--- Page 143 ---
134 
 
ATB has its own Risk Management and Treasury departments that operate in a similar manner.  
Risk identification  
Both external and internal risk factors are identified and managed throughout the Alfa Banking Group’s 
organisational structure. Particular attention is given to developing risk overviews that are used to identify the full 
range of risk factors and serve as a basis for determining the level of assurance over the current risk mitigation 
procedures. An overview of the key risks is regularly reported to the Chief Risk Officer, members of the risk 
management committees, the Executive Board and the Board of Directors.  
Risk assessment, management and control. The Alfa Banking Group’s risk assessment, reporting and control 
procedures vary by type of risk, but share a common methodology developed and updated by the Risk Management 
Department. Compliance with the Alfa Banking Group’s standards is supported by periodic reviews undertaken 
by the Internal Audit Department. The results of Internal Audit reviews are discussed with the management of the 
business units to which they relate and presented to the Audit Committee and the senior management of the Alfa 
Banking Group. 
Risk Reporting. Risk reporting represents a comprehensive reporting system that provides the senior management 
with the summary information regarding significant risks, risk-appetite and consequences of changes of the 
operating environment. Regular risk reporting includes results on risk identification and analysis of significant 
risks through the set of indicators, analysis of the available capital and capital adequacy estimation, stress-testing 
results. 
Risk-appetite and significant risks. The Alfa Banking Group identifies significant risks and defines risk-appetite 
for each significant risk disclosed below: 
 
Non-retail credit risk 
 
Counterparty credit risk 
 
Retail credit risk 
 
Market risk  
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Operational risk 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Concentration risk 
Credit risk. The Alfa Banking Group exposes itself to credit risk, which is the risk that one party to a financial 
instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by failing to meet an obligation. 
Exposure to credit risk arises as a result of the Alfa Banking Group’s lending and other transactions with 
counterparties, giving rise to financial assets and off-balance sheet credit-related commitments.  
The Alfa Banking Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk is reflected in the carrying amounts of financial assets 
in the consolidated statement of financial position. For financial guarantees issued, commitments to extend credit, 
undrawn credit lines and export/import letters of credit, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the amount of the 
commitment.  
Credit risk management. Credit risk is the single largest risk for the Alfa Banking Group’s business; management 
therefore carefully manages its exposure to credit risk.  
The estimation of credit risk for risk management purposes is complex and involves the use of models, as the risk 
varies depending on market conditions, expected cash flows and the passage of time. The assessment of credit risk 
for a portfolio of assets entails further estimations of the likelihood of defaults occurring, the associated loss ratios 
and credit conversion factors. 
Limits. The Alfa Banking Group structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount 
of risk accepted in relation to one borrower, or groups of borrowers, and to geographical and industry segments. 
Limits on the level of credit risk by product and industry sector are approved regularly by management. Such risks 
are monitored on a revolving basis and are subject to an annual, or more frequent, review.  
The Alfa Banking Group established a number of credit committees that are responsible for approving credit limits 
for individual borrowers. Depending on the magnitude of credit risk, the decisions on transactions with corporate 
clients are approved either by the Main Credit Committee or the Small Credit Committee. These committees 
convene weekly. In certain circumstances (for example, based on tenor or size) loans are approved by the Executive 
Board or the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank. Authority to approve deals with insignificant credit limits are

--- Page 144 ---
135 
 
delegated by the Executive Board of Alfa Bank to the special groups within Corporate and Investment Bank and 
the Risk Management Department under the “4 eyes” principle. 
Loan applications originated by the relevant client relationship managers are passed on to the relevant credit 
committee for the approval of the credit limit. Exposure to credit risk is also managed, in part, by obtaining 
collateral as well as corporate and personal guarantees. In order to monitor exposure to credit risk, regular reports 
are produced by the officers based on a structured analysis focusing on the customer’s business and financial 
performance. Any significant interaction with customers with deteriorating creditworthiness are reported to and 
reviewed by the Executive Board or the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank.  
Credit risk grading system. For measuring credit risk and grading financial instruments by the amount of credit 
risk, the Alfa Banking Group applies two approaches – an IRB system or risk grades estimated by external 
international rating agencies (Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s). 
In accordance with the internal rating loans and advances to customers and investments at amortised cost assigned 
in one of the following rating categories: 
 
First class – strong credit quality with low expected credit risk 
 
Good and standard – adequate credit quality with a moderate credit risk 
 
Acceptable – moderate credit quality with a satisfactory credit risk 
 
Weak – facilities that require closer monitoring and remedial management 
 
Impaired – facilities in which a default has occurred.  
The IRB system is designed internally and ratings are estimated by the Alfa Banking Group itself. Various credit-
risk estimating techniques are used by the Alfa Banking Group depending on the class of the asset. There are three 
commonly used types of such systems: 
 
Model-based – In this system, credit risk ratings are assigned by internally developed statistical models 
with the limited involvement of credit officers. Statistical models include qualitative and quantitative 
information that shows the best predictive power based on historical data on defaults. 
 
Expert judgement-based – In this system, credit risk ratings are assigned subjectively by experienced credit 
officers based on internally developed methodology and different qualitative and quantitative factors. This 
approach is based on expert methodology and judgements rather than on sophisticated statistical models. 
 
Hybrid – This rating system is a combination of the two systems above. It is developed by using historical 
data combined with expert input. 
The Alfa Banking Group applies IRB systems for measurement of credit risk for the following financial assets: 
interbank loans with Russian counterparties, corporate and retail loans, corporate bonds. The Alfa Banking Group 
is planning to apply IRB systems for measurement of credit risk for retail loans starting from 1 July 2021. 
The rating models are regularly reviewed by the Risk Management Department, backtested on actual default data 
and updated if necessary. Despite the method used, the Alfa Banking Group regularly validates the accuracy of 
ratings estimates and appraises the predictive power of the models. 
Assessment of the credit quality of cash and cash equivalents, debt trading securities, due from other banks and 
debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are based on the counterparties’ long-term 
credit ratings assigned by international rating agencies such as Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s and in 
accordance with the internal rating methodology:  
 
First class - banks and companies with minimal probability of default and with ratings above BB+ by 
Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, Ba1 by Moody’s and BB+ in accordance with the internal rating methodology. 
 
Good and standard - banks and companies with long-term credit rating from BB- to BB by Standard & 
Poor’s and Fitch, Ba3 to Ba2 by Moody’s and from BB- to BB in accordance with the internal rating 
methodology. 
 
Acceptable - banks and companies with long-term credit rating from B- to B+ by Standard & Poor’s and 
Fitch, B3 to B1 by Moody’s and from B- to B+ in accordance with the internal rating methodology. 
 
Weak - banks and companies with long-term credit rating from CCC+ to C by Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, 
Caa1 and Ca by Moody’s and CCC in accordance with the internal rating methodology. 
 
Impaired - banks and companies with long-term credit rating below C by Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, Ca 
by Moody’s and below CCC in accordance with the internal rating methodology.

--- Page 145 ---
136 
 
External ratings are assigned to counterparties by independent international rating agencies, such as S&P, Moody’s 
and Fitch. These ratings are publicly available. Such ratings and the corresponding range of probability of default 
are applied for the following financial instruments if these instruments are not covered by IRB rating systems: 
interbank placements to foreign counterparties, loans to sovereigns, and investments in debt securities 
(government, corporate and municipal bonds, and Eurobonds and promissory notes purchased). 
Expected credit loss measurement – definitions 
Expected credit loss is a probability-weighted estimate of the present value of future cash shortfalls (i.e., the 
weighted average of credit losses, with the respective risks of default occurring in a given time period used as 
weights). An expected credit loss measurement is unbiased and determined by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes. Expected credit loss measurement is based on four components used by the Alfa Banking Group: 
Probability of Default, Exposure at Default, Loss Given Default and Discount Rate. 
Exposure at Default – an estimate of exposure at a future default date, taking into account expected changes in 
exposure after the reporting date, including repayments of principal and interest, and expected drawdowns on 
committed facilities. 
Probability of Default – an estimate of the likelihood of default to occur over a given time period. 
Loss Given Default – an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual 
cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, including from any collateral. It is expressed as 
a percentage of the exposure at default. 
Discount Rate – a tool to discount an expected loss to the present value at the reporting date. The discount rate 
represents the effective interest rate for the financial instrument or an approximation thereof. 
Lifetime period – the maximum period over which expected credit loss should be measured. For loans with fixed 
maturity, the lifetime period is equal to the remaining contractual period. For loan commitments and financial 
guarantee contracts, this is the maximum contractual period over which an entity has a present contractual 
obligation to extend credit. For credit cards issued to individuals, it is the period that is based on internal statistics, 
and it is equal to 3 years. 
Lifetime expected credit loss – losses that result from all possible default events over the remaining lifetime period 
of the financial instrument. 
12-month expected credit loss – the portion of lifetime expected credit losses that represent the expected credit 
losses resulting from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting 
date that are limited by the remaining contractual life of the financial instrument. For those instruments without 
contractual life - 12 months are used. 
Forward looking information – the information that includes the key macroeconomic variables impacting credit 
risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio segment. Among other factors the Alfa Banking Group updated 
the following economic variables on which the forecast of future macroeconomic conditions is based: 
 
oil and gas prices changes; 
 
Russian stock market index MOEX dynamics; and 
 
dynamics of the money supply, which includes changes in volumes of currency in circulation, demand and 
saving deposits and liquid securities. 
As with any economic forecast, however, the projections and likelihoods of their occurrence are subject to a high 
degree of inherent uncertainty and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different from those 
projected. Note 4 to ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements provides more information on how the 
Alfa Banking Group incorporated forward-looking information in the ECL models. 
Credit Conversion Factor – a coefficient that shows the probability of conversion of an off-balance sheet amounts 
to exposure on the balance within a defined period. It can be calculated for a 12-month or lifetime period. Based 
on the analysis performed, the Alfa Banking Group considers that 12-month and lifetime credit conversion factors 
are the same.  
Purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets – financial assets that are credit-impaired upon initial 
recognition.

--- Page 146 ---
137 
 
Low credit risk financial assets – assets that have an investment grade defined by external rating agencies or 
corresponding internal rating, debt instruments issued by Russian Federation and denominated in RUB, loans to 
companies owned by the Russian Federation and denominated in RUB. The presumption, that there have been 
significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition when financial assets are more than 30 days past due, 
has not been rebutted. 
Default and credit-impaired asset – a loan is in default, meaning fully aligned with the definition of credit-
impaired, when it meets one or more of the following criteria: 
 
the borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments; 
 
the Alfa Banking Group is considering selling the borrower’s debt with significant losses (more than 5% 
of the debt principal balance and accrued interest); 
 
the Default Committee recognized restructured debt as default; 
 
the Alfa Banking Group has classified the borrower in the default rating class according to the master scale 
together with the fact that the Main Credit Committee recognised the borrower as credit-impaired one. The 
Main Credit Committee decides on recognition of the borrower as credit-impaired one based on the 
unlikeliness-to-pay criteria listed below: 
 
the borrower is insolvent; 
 
it is becoming likely that the borrower will enter bankruptcy; 
 
other criteria reflecting difficulties with successful fulfilling of obligations by the borrower. 
An instrument is considered to no longer be in default (i.e. to have cured) when it no longer meets any of the 
default criteria for a consecutive period of six months.  
Significant increase in credit risk – the significant increase in credit risk assessment is performed on an individual 
basis and on a portfolio basis. For loans issued to legal entities and individuals, interbank loans and debt securities 
accounted for at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, significant increase in credit 
risk is assessed on an individual basis by monitoring the triggers stated below. The criteria used to identify a 
significant increase in credit risk are monitored and reviewed periodically for appropriateness by the Alfa Banking 
Group’s Risk Management Department. 
The Alfa Banking Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk 
when one or more of the following quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met. 
 
For loans issued to legal entities and bonds issued by the legal entities, interbank operations and bonds 
issued by the banks: 
 
30 days past due; 
 
increase of probability of default by 2,7 times (that is close to decrease of rating by 3 notches) compared to 
probability default on the date of initial recognition (the relative threshold); 
 
loan for which internal rating cannot be calculated (excluding loans rated by international rating agencies); 
 
inclusion of loan into a watch list zone “Red” according to the internal credit risk monitoring process. 
For loans to Individuals:  
 
30 days past due; 
 
increase of probability of default by 4 times compared to probability default on the date of initial recognition 
(the relative threshold); 
 
refinanced loan – a special type of loan when all loans of the borrower are refinanced into one. 
If there is evidence that the significant increase in credit risk criteria are no longer met, the instrument will be 
transferred back to Stage 1. If an exposure has been transferred to Stage 2 based on a qualitative indicator, the Alfa 
Banking Group monitors whether that indicator continues to exist or has changed.  
Expected credit loss measurement – description of estimation techniques 
General principle 
For non-purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets, expected credit losses are generally measured 
based on the risk of default over one of two different time periods, depending on whether the credit risk of the 
borrower has increased significantly since initial recognition. This approach can be summarised in a three-stage 
model for expected credit loss measurement:  
 
Stage 1: a financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition and its credit risk has not

--- Page 147 ---
138 
 
increased significantly since initial recognition, loss allowance is based on 12-month expected credit loss. 
 
Stage 2: if a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument 
is moved to Stage 2 but not yet deemed to be credit-impaired, loss allowance is based on lifetime expected 
credit loss. 
 
Stage 3: if the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved to Stage 3 and 
loss allowance is based on lifetime expected credit loss. 
Expected credit loss for purchased or originated credit impairment financial assets is always measured on a lifetime 
basis (Stage 3), so at the reporting date, the Alfa Banking Group only recognises the cumulative changes in lifetime 
expected credit losses.  
The Alfa Banking Group can carry out three separate approaches for expected credit loss measurement: 
 
assessment on an individual basis; 
 
assessment on a portfolio basis: internal ratings are estimated on an individual basis but the same credit risk 
parameters (e.g. probability of default, loss given default) will be applied during the process of expected 
credit loss calculations for the same credit risk ratings and homogeneous segments of the loan portfolio; 
 
assessment based on external ratings. 
The Alfa Banking Group performs an assessment on an individual basis for the following types of loans issued to 
legal entities: loans with unique credit risk characteristics, individually significant loans and credit-impaired loans.  
The Alfa Banking Group performs an assessment on a portfolio basis for the following types of assets: loans and 
credit-related commitments issued to legal entities (standard lending, specialised lending, loans to leasing 
companies, etc.), interbank loans, retail loans and loans issued to MSMEs. This approach incorporates aggregating 
the portfolio into homogeneous segments based on borrower-specific information. 
The Alfa Banking Group performs assessments on external ratings for the following types of loans: interbank 
loans, debt securities issued by the banks and legal entities, and loans issued to sovereigns. 
Principles of assessment on individual basis – expected credit loss assessments on an individual basis are done by 
weighting the estimates of credit losses for different possible outcomes against the probabilities of each outcome. 
The Alfa Banking Group defines at least two possible outcomes for each loan, one of which leads to credit loss in 
spite of the probability of such a scenario. Individual assessment is mainly based on the expert judgement of the 
Problem Loans Collection Department. Expert judgements are regularly tested in order to decrease the difference 
between estimates and actual losses. 
Principles of assessment on portfolio basis – to assess the staging of exposure and to measure a loss allowance on 
a collective basis, the Alfa Banking Group combines its exposures into segments on the basis of shared credit risk 
characteristics, such as that exposures to risk within a group are homogeneous. 
Examples of shared characteristics include: type of customer (such as income producing real estate or leasing 
companies), product type (such as credit cards or cash loans), credit risk rating and date of initial recognition. 
The different segments reflect differences in credit risk parameters such as probability of default and loss given 
default. The appropriateness of groupings is monitored and reviewed on a periodic basis by the Risk Management 
Department. 
In general, expected credit loss is the multiplication of the following credit risk parameters: exposure at default, 
probability of default and loss given default (definitions of the parameters are provided above). The general 
approach used for expected credit loss calculation is set out in reference to Note 31 to the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The expected credit loss is determined by predicting credit risk parameters (exposure at default, probability of 
default and loss given default) for each future month during the lifetime period for each individual exposure or 
collective segment. These three components are multiplied together and adjusted for the likelihood of survival (i.e. 
the exposure has been repaid or defaulted in an earlier month). This effectively calculates an expected credit loss 
for each future month, which is then discounted back to the reporting date and summed up. The discount rate used 
in the expected credit loss calculation is the original effective interest rate or an approximation thereof. 
The brief principles of calculating the credit risk parameters are as following. 
The exposures at default are determined based on the expected payment profile, which varies by product type: 
 
for amortising products and bullet repayment loans, exposure at default is based on the contractual 
repayments owed by the borrower over a 12-month or lifetime basis; 
 
for revolving products, the exposure at default is predicted by taking the current drawn balance and adding 
a credit conversion factor that accounts for the expected drawdown of the remaining limit by the time of

--- Page 148 ---
139 
 
default.  
Two types of probability of default are used for calculating expected credit loss: 12-month and lifetime probability 
of default: 
 
12-month probability of default – the estimated probability of a default occurring within the next 12 months 
(or over the remaining life of the financial instrument if less than 12 months). This parameter is used to 
calculate 12-month expected credit losses. An assessment of a 12-month probability of default is based on 
the latest available historic default data and adjusted for forward-looking information when appropriate. 
 
Lifetime probability of default – the estimated probability of a default occurring over the remaining life of 
the financial instrument. This parameter is used to calculate lifetime expected credit loss for Stage 2 
exposures. An assessment of a lifetime probability of default is based on the latest available historic default 
data and adjusted for forward looking information when appropriate. 
To calculate lifetime probability of default, the Alfa Banking Group uses different statistical approaches depending 
on the segment and product type, such as the extrapolation of 12-month probability of default based on migration 
matrixes and developing lifetime probability default curves based on the historical default data. For lifetime 
probability of default calculations, the Alfa Banking Group uses historical default data and the extrapolation of 
trends for longer periods during which default data was not available. 
Loss given default represents the Alfa Banking Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. 
Loss given default varies by the product, stage and the availability of collateral or other credit support. 
The 12-month and lifetime losses given defaults are determined based on the factors that impact the expected 
recoveries after a default event. 
The approach to loss given default measurement can be divided into three possible approaches: 
 
measurement of loss given default based on the specific characteristics of the collateral; 
 
calculation of loss given default on a portfolio basis based on recovery statistics; 
 
individually defined loss given default depending on different factors and scenarios. 
For loans secured by real estate the Alfa Banking Group calculates loss given default based on specific 
characteristics of the collateral, such as projected collateral values, historical discounts on sales and other factors.  
For particular segments of the corporate, retail, interbank loan portfolio and corporate bonds loss given default is 
calculated on a collective basis based on the latest available recovery statistics. 
Expected credit loss measurement for off-balance sheet financial instruments (financial guarantees, loan 
commitments) 
The expected credit loss measurement of off-balance sheet accounts consists of the same steps described above 
for the balance sheet exposures and differs with respect to exposure at default calculation. The general approach 
used for exposure at default calculation is set out in reference to Note 31 to ABH Financial Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
Principles of assessment based on external ratings – the principles of expected credit loss calculations based on 
external ratings are the same as for their assessment on a portfolio basis. Since the clients have defined the external 
credit rating, credit risk parameters (probability of default) could be taken from the default and recovery statistics 
published by international rating agencies. 
Forward-looking information incorporated in the expected credit loss models. The assessment of the significant 
increase in credit risk and the calculation of expected credit losses both incorporate forward-looking information. 
The Alfa Banking Group has performed historical analyses and identified the key economic variables impacting 
credit risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio. 
These economic variables and their associated impact on the probability of default, exposure at default and loss 
given default vary by financial instrument. These economic variables, such as consumer price index, natural gas 
price, Russian credit default swaps, have been determined by performing statistical regression analysis to 
understand the impact of changes in these variables has historically had on default rates. 
Based on these economic variables the Alfa Banking Group’s Risk Management Department makes the forecast 
of future macroeconomic conditions, which is considered by the management of the Alfa Banking Group to define 
the next coming stage of economic cycle using not only statistical approach but also expert judgement of the 
management. 
The assessment of significant increase in credit risk is performed using the lifetime probability of default for retail 
borrowers and 12-month probability of default for other financial assets, along with qualitative and backstop 
indicators. This determines whether the whole financial instrument is in Stage 1, Stage 2, or Stage 3 and hence 
whether a 12-month or lifetime expected credit loss should be recorded. Following this assessment, the Alfa

--- Page 149 ---
140 
 
Banking Group measures expected credit loss as either a probability-weighted 12 month expected credit loss (Stage 
1), or a probability weighted lifetime expected credit loss (Stages 2 and 3). These probability-weighted expected 
credit losses are determined by running the relevant expected credit loss model. 
As with any economic forecast, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are subject to a high degree of 
inherent uncertainty, and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different to those projected. The Alfa 
Banking Group considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes and has analysed 
the non-linearities and asymmetries within the Alfa Banking Group’s different portfolios to establish that the 
chosen scenarios are appropriately representative of the range of possible scenarios. 
Validation – the Alfa Banking Group regularly reviews its methodology and assumptions to reduce any difference 
between the estimates and the actual loss of credit. Such validation is performed at least once a year. The results 
of validation the expected credit loss measurement methodology are communicated to the Alfa Banking Group 
management and further steps for tuning models and assumptions are defined after discussions between authorised 
persons.  
The table set out below provides an analysis of the credit quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to corporate 
customers as at 30 June 2021: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Financial lease 
receivables  
Reverse sale 
and repurchase 
receivables  
Advances 
on lease 
operations 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL) ........ 
26,165 
1,535 
173 
42 
27,915 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due ........................... 
2,625 
67 
606 
7 
3,305 
- less than 30 days overdue ...... 
4 
- 
- 
- 
4 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
48 
18 
- 
- 
66 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due ........................... 
157 
1 
- 
- 
158 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
1 
- 
- 
- 
1 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
- 
1 
- 
- 
1 
- over 90 days overdue ............ 
829 
6 
- 
1 
836 
Total gross loans and 
advances to corporate 
customers ............................. 
29,829 
1,628 
779 
50 
32,286 
Credit loss allowance .............. 
(638) 
(19) 
- 
- 
(657) 
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers ........... 
29,191 
1,609 
779 
50 
31,629 
 
The table set out below provides an analysis of the credit quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to corporate 
customers as at 31 December 2020: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Financial lease 
receivables  
Reverse sale 
and repurchase 
receivables  
Advances 
on lease 
operations 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
 
- first class borrowers .............. 
14,982 
54 
- 
- 
15,036 
- good and standard borrowers  
7,242 
1,039 
85 
20 
8,386 
- acceptable borrowers ............ 
1,647 
218 
- 
- 
1,865 
- weak borrowers ..................... 
73 
- 
- 
- 
73 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due: 
 
- first class borrowers .............. 
327 
30 
- 
- 
357 
- good and standard borrowers  
2,181 
10 
- 
17 
2,208 
- acceptable borrowers .......... 
1,061 
18 
505 
- 
1,584 
- weak borrowers ................... 
348 
13 
- 
- 
361 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due ........................... 
267 
1 
- 
- 
268 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
1 
- 
- 
- 
1 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
57 
- 
- 
- 
57 
- over 90 days overdue ............ 
803 
8 
- 
1 
812 
Total gross loans and 
advances to corporate 
customers ............................. 
28,989 
1,391 
590 
38 
31,008

--- Page 150 ---
141 
 
Credit loss allowance .............. 
(768) 
(19) 
- 
- 
(787) 
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers ........... 
28,221 
1,372 
590 
38 
30,221 
The table set out below provides an analysis of the credit quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to corporate 
customers as at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Financial 
lease 
receivables 
Reverse sale 
and 
repurchase 
receivables 
Advances 
on lease 
operations 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
  
- first class borrowers .............. 
12,692 
153 
- 
23 
12,868 
- good and standard borrowers  
8,069 
1,248 
1,213 
26 
10,556 
- acceptable borrowers ............ 
2,728 
34 
- 
- 
2,762 
- weak borrowers ..................... 
550 
1 
- 
- 
551 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
- not past due: 
- first class borrowers .......... 
224 
2 
- 
- 
226 
- good and standard 
borrowers .............................. 
985 
40 
- 
- 
1,025 
- acceptable borrowers ........ 
114 
- 
- 
- 
114 
- weak borrowers ................. 
54 
3 
- 
- 
57 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
2 
2 
- 
- 
4 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
10 
12 
- 
- 
22 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
- not past due ........................... 
904 
1 
- 
- 
905 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
9 
- 
- 
- 
9 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
3 
- 
- 
- 
3 
- over 90 days overdue ............ 
294 
2 
- 
- 
296 
Total gross loans and advances to 
corporate customers ........................  
26,638 
1,498 
1,213 
49 
29,398 
Credit loss allowance ...........................  
(681) 
(15) 
- 
(1) 
(697) 
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers ........................  
25,957 
1,483 
1,213 
48 
28,701 
The following table provides an analysis by credit quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to individuals 
outstanding as at 30 June 2021: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
 
Mortgage 
loans 
Credit cards 
Consumer 
(POS) 
loans 
Reverse 
sale and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL) ........ 
6,351 
4,565 
2,523 
103 
126 
13,668 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due ........................... 
208 
2 
264 
7 
1 
482 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
19 
- 
22 
- 
- 
41 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
25 
1 
28 
1 
- 
55 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due ........................... 
167 
5 
2 
- 
- 
174 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
29 
- 
1 
- 
- 
30 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
21 
2 
5 
- 
- 
28 
- over 90 days overdue ............ 
175 
9 
128 
3 
- 
315 
Total gross loans and 
advances to individuals ....... 
6,995 
4,584 
2,973 
114 
127 
14,793 
Credit loss allowance .............. 
(407) 
(21) 
(248) 
(6) 
- 
(682) 
Total loans and advances to 
individuals ........................... 
6,588 
4,563 
2,725 
108 
127 
14,111 
 
The following table provides an analysis by credit quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to individuals 
outstanding as at 31 December 2020:

--- Page 151 ---
142 
 
In millions of US Dollars 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consumer 
(POS) 
loans 
Reverse 
and sale 
and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- first class borrowers .............. 
46 
17 
375 
6 
- 
444 
- good and standard borrowers  
3,149 
1,088 
2 459 
50 
80 
6,826 
- acceptable borrowers ............ 
1,592 
794 
212 
24 
- 
2,622 
- weak borrowers ..................... 
260 
313 
25 
8 
- 
606 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due: 
 
- first class borrowers ........... 
20 
- 
- 
- 
- 
20 
- good and standard 
borrowers .......................... 
42 
11 
1 
- 
- 
54 
- acceptable borrowers ......... 
79 
37 
3 
1 
- 
120 
- weak borrowers ................. 
149 
182 
1 
1 
- 
333 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
13 
21 
- 
- 
- 
34 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
28 
32 
1 
1 
- 
62 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due ........................... 
180 
2 
4 
- 
- 
186 
- less than 30 days overdue...... 
21 
1 
1 
- 
- 
23 
- 30 to 90 days overdue ........... 
20 
5 
1 
- 
- 
26 
- over 90 days overdue ............ 
194 
148 
6 
2 
- 
350 
Total gross loans and 
advances to individuals ....... 
5,793 
2,651 
3,089 
93 
80 
11,706 
Credit loss allowance .............. 
(401) 
(251) 
(13) 
(4) 
- 
(669) 
Total loans and advances to 
individuals ........................... 
5,392 
2,400 
3,076 
89 
90 
11,037 
The following table provides an analysis by credit quality of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to individuals 
outstanding as at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US 
Dollars 
Personal 
instalment loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage loans 
Consumer 
(POS) loans 
Reverse and 
sale and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months 
ECL) ...................... 
 
- first class 
borrowers ............... 
194 
59 
327 
2 
- 
582 
- good and standard 
borrowers ............... 
3,259 
1,322 
1,215 
28 
58 
5,882 
- acceptable 
borrowers ............... 
1,377 
863 
251 
12 
- 
2,503 
- weak borrowers ...... 
168 
254 
5 
2 
- 
429 
Stage 2 (lifetime 
ECL): 
 
- not past due: 
 
- good and 
standard 
borrowers ........... 
2 
- 
1 
- 
- 
3 
- acceptable 
borrowers ........... 
80 
14 
3 
1 
- 
98 
- weak borrowers .. 
169 
228 
1 
2 
- 
400 
- less than 30 days 
overdue .................. 
23 
28 
- 
- 
- 
51 
- 30 to 90 days 
overdue .................. 
32 
34 
1 
- 
- 
67 
- over 90 days 
overdue .................. 
6 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 
Stage 3 (lifetime 
ECL): 
 
- not past due ............ 
125 
2 
1 
- 
- 
128

--- Page 152 ---
143 
 
- less than 30 days 
overdue .................. 
20 
1 
- 
- 
- 
21 
- 30 to 90 days 
overdue .................. 
15 
3 
- 
- 
- 
18 
- over 90 days 
overdue .................. 
132 
115 
5 
2 
- 
254 
Total gross loans 
and advances to 
individuals ............ 
5,602 
2,923 
1,810 
49 
58 
10,442 
Credit loss 
allowance ............... 
(275) 
(212) 
(10) 
(3) 
- 
(500) 
Total loans and 
advances to 
individuals ............ 
5,327 
2,711 
1,800 
46 
58 
9,942 
 
Equity price risk. As noted above, for the purpose of quantifying the Alfa Banking Group’s equity price risks 
which is attributed to investment banking trading position only, the Alfa Banking Group uses a value at risk model.  
As at 30 June 2021 the Alfa Banking Group’s equity price risk value at risk was limited at U.S.$8 million (U.S.$8 
million as at 31 December 2020 and 2019). This limit is set by the Asset and Liability Management Committee.  
Currency risk. Currency risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in the 
foreign exchange rates. The Treasury Department is responsible for the centralised management of the foreign 
exchange risk of the banking book (strategic position). The Corporate and Investment Bank Department is 
responsible for the currency risk management of trading positions. Assets and Liability Management Committee 
sets separate limits on the open currency position. The Risk Management Department controls limits of trading 
position. The Treasury Department of the Alfa Banking Group ensures compliance with limits on open foreign 
exchange position of the banking book and general limits on the open currency position. 
The Alfa Banking Group uses derivatives to manage current and forecast exposures resulting from foreign 
currencies. 
The table below summarises the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as 
monitored by management as at 31 December 2020 and 2019:  
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash on hand balances)  
5,139 
5,310 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks ............................................................... 
436 
422 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ...................................................... 
1,753 
1,120 
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ................................................................................................................. 
41 
3 
Due from other banks ................................................................................................... 
4,076 
3,542 
Loans and advances to customers ................................................................................  
41,258 
38,643 
Investments .................................................................................................................. 
5,273 
7,171 
Repurchase receivable relating to investments ............................................................. 
398 
132 
Other financial assets ................................................................................................... 
809 
724 
Other assets .................................................................................................................. 
353 
443 
Premises and equipment............................................................................................... 
859 
816 
Total maximum amount exposed to credit risk  
(on-balance sheet) ....................................................................................................... 
60,395 
58,326 
Unused credit cards limits ............................................................................................ 
6,940 
6,523 
Performance and financial guarantees issued ............................................................... 
2,865 
1,793 
Corporate overdrafts .................................................................................................... 
672 
1,063 
Import letters of credit ................................................................................................. 
855 
551 
Export letter of credit ................................................................................................... 
11 
17 
Total maximum amount exposed to credit risk ........................................................... 
71,738 
68,273 
Market Risk 
The Alfa Banking Group takes on exposure to market risks. Market risks arise from open positions in equity, 
currency and interest rate products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements.  
The Alfa Banking Group manages its market risk through notional-based and risk-based limits for the Alfa 
Banking Group’s sub-positions. Overall the Alfa Banking Group’s position is split between (i) Corporate and 
Retail Banking positions, (ii) Investment Banking position and (iii) Treasury position. The exposure of Corporate

--- Page 153 ---
144 
 
Banking (loans, deposits, current accounts, and other non-trading operations) and Retail Banking operations to 
market risks is managed through the system of limits monitored by the Treasury Department. The exposure to the 
market risk of Investment Banking operations is managed through open position limits, value at risk limits and 
extreme loss limits which are set for both aggregated position of Investment Banking in equities, fixed income, 
foreign currency and derivative instruments (treated as separate “trading desks”) and for individual trading desks. 
In addition, sub-limits are set for exposures to various types of securities (including both equity and debt securities) 
and markets and position limits for issuers and individual instruments. Limits on securities positions are approved 
by the Asset and Liability Management Committee. Additional issuer limits on debt securities are approved 
separately by the relevant Credit Committees. The major part of the Alfa Banking Group’s proprietary and flow 
trading portfolios consists of liquid, traded securities. For content of the trading portfolio refer to Note 8 of ABH 
Financial Consolidated Financial Statements. The Alfa Banking Group’s derivative operations are driven by two 
major factors: (i) the need of the Alfa Banking Group to hedge its own risks, principally using foreign currency, 
securities and interest rate derivatives, and (ii) customer demand, principally for foreign currency, securities and 
commodities derivatives.  
Risk-based limits are monitored on a daily basis by the Risk Management Department with respect to individual 
(foreign currency, equity, fixed income, derivatives) trading desks. The overall value at risk of Investment Banking 
is monitored on a weekly basis by the Risk Management Department. In the first half of 2021, 2020 and 2019, the 
limit for the overall 1-day, 99% confidence level value at risk of trading position was U.S.$40 million. 
Certain structured credit positions either with or without a component of financing from third parties were 
controlled according to their notional amount under the credit risk policy of the Alfa Banking Group. 
The daily value at risk measure is an estimate, with a confidence level set at 99%, of the potential loss that might 
arise under normal market conditions if the current positions of the Alfa Banking Group were to be held unchanged 
for one business day. Although value at risk is a valuable tool in measuring market risk exposures, it has a number 
of limitations, especially in less liquid markets: 
 
The use of historical data as a basis for determining future events may not encompass all possible scenarios, 
particularly those which are of an extreme nature; 
 
One business day holding period assumes that all positions can be liquidated or hedged within that period. 
This is considered to be a realistic assumption in almost all cases but may not be the case in situations in 
which there is severe market illiquidity for a prolonged period; 
 
The use of a 99% confidence level does not take into account losses that may occur beyond this level. There 
is a one per cent. probability that the loss could exceed the value at risk; 
 
As value at risk is only calculated on the end-of-day basis, it does not necessarily reflect exposures that 
may arise on positions during the trading day; and 
 
The value at risk measure is dependent upon the Alfa Banking Group’s position and the volatility of market 
prices. The Value at risk of an unchanged position reduces if market volatility declines and vice versa. 
The effectiveness of the value at risk model is subject to back-test assessment. Back-testing compares the 
frequency of bigger-than-value at risk loss occurrence and compares it to the set confidence level. 
The major advantage of value at risk assessment, its reliance on the empirical data, is at the same time its major 
drawback. Extreme market moves that may cause substantial deterioration of the Alfa Banking Group’s position 
have to be assessed by putting a stress on the number of standard deviations of market returns. Historical stress 
scenarios can be also used. The resulting figures serve as a rough indicator of magnitude of a likely loss under the 
corresponding scenario. The Alfa Banking Group uses stress tests to model the financial impact of a variety of 
exceptional market scenarios on individual trading portfolios and the Alfa Banking Group’s overall position. Stress 
tests provide an indication of the potential size of losses that could arise in extreme conditions.  
Equity price risk  
As noted above, for the purpose of quantifying the Alfa Banking Group’s equity price risks which is attributed to 
Investment Banking trading position only, the Alfa Banking Group uses a value at risk model.  
As at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 2019 the Alfa Banking Group’s equity price risk value at risk was 
limited at U.S.$8 million. 
Currency Risk  
In respect of currency risk, the Treasury Department is responsible for the centralised management of the foreign 
exchange risk of the banking book (strategic position). The Corporate and Investment Bank Department is

--- Page 154 ---
145 
 
responsible for currency risk management of trading positions. The Asset and Liability Management Committee 
sets separate limits on open foreign exchange positions of the banking book and trading positions, as well as 
general limits on the open currency position. The Risk Management Department controls limits of trading 
positions. The Treasury Department of the Alfa Banking Group oversees compliance with limits on open foreign 
exchange position of the banking book and general limits on the open currency position. 
The Alfa Banking Group uses derivatives to manage current and forecast exposures resulting from foreign 
currencies. Currency risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in foreign 
exchange rates. The Alfa Banking Group takes on exposure to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign 
currency exchange rates on its financial position and cash flows.  
As a whole, the Alfa Banking Group is exposed to potentially significant risk from sudden fluctuations in the 
exchange rates of currencies in which the Alfa Banking Group has significant net balance sheet positions. The 
Alfa Banking Group’s major net balance sheet positions are concentrated in U.S. dollars, Roubles and Euros.  
The tables below summarise the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as at the 
dates indicated. Included in the table are the Alfa Banking Group’s assets and liabilities at carrying amounts, 
categorised by currency. 
The table below summarises the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as 
monitored by management as at 31 December 2020: 
 
U.S.$ 
RUB 
EUR 
Other 
currencies 
Non-
monetary 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Assets 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ....................  
2,513 
2,772 
983 
326 
- 
6,594 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks .....................................................  
- 
427 
9 
- 
- 
436 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ..........................................  
1,076 
245 
225 
62 
145 
1,753 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets  
at fair value through profit or loss .........  
5 
12 
- 
- 
24 
41 
Due from other banks ...........................  
2,779 
1,212 
85 
- 
- 
4,076 
Loans and advances to customers  
6,429 
29,591 
5,231 
7 
- 
41,258 
Investments ...........................................  
1,332 
3,593 
345 
- 
3 
5,273 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments ...........................................  
190 
82 
126 
- 
- 
398 
Other financial assets ............................  
449 
322 
19 
19 
- 
809 
Other assets ...........................................  
- 
164 
11 
2 
176 
353 
Premises and equipment .......................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
859 
859 
Total assets ..............................................  
14,773 
38,420 
7,034 
416 
1,207 
61,850 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks ................................  
239 
2,311 
253 
23 
- 
2,826 
Customer accounts ................................  
8,350 
30,843 
4,161 
354 
- 
43,708 
Debt securities issued............................  
695 
2,370 
413 
186 
- 
3,664 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency .................................  
- 
452 
- 
- 
- 
452 
Subordinated debt .................................  
807 
- 
- 
- 
- 
807 
Other financial liabilities ......................  
261 
644 
154 
8 
- 
1,067 
Other liabilities .....................................  
135 
212 
19 
- 
- 
366 
Deferred tax liability .............................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
289 
289 
Total liabilities .........................................  
10,487 
36,832 
5,000 
571 
289 
53,179 
Net balance sheet position ......................  
4,286 
1,588 
2,034 
(155) 
918 
8,671 
Net balance sheet position less fair 
value of foreign  
exchange derivatives ...............................  
4,203 
1,666 
2,151 
(163) 
918 
8,775 
Foreign exchange derivatives  
(fair value of currencies receivable or 
payable)  
4,272 
(2,414) 
(2,149) 
187 
- 
(104) 
Net balance sheet and  
derivatives position as at 
31 December 2020 ...................................  
8,475 
(748) 
2 
24 
918 
8,671 
The Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as at 31 December 2019 was as 
follows:

--- Page 155 ---
146 
 
 
U.S.$ 
RUB 
EUR 
Other 
currencies 
Non-
monetary 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Assets 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ....................  
1,919 
3,265 
1,010 
256 
- 
6,450 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks .....................................................  
- 
412 
10 
- 
- 
422 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss ..........................................  
823 
169 
2 
- 
126 
1,120 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets  
at fair value through profit or loss .........  
3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3 
Due from other banks ...........................  
2,377 
805 
359 
1 
- 
3,542 
Loans and advances to customers .........  
7,396 
28,723 
2,524 
- 
- 
38,643 
Investments ...........................................  
1,931 
4,904 
336 
- 
- 
7,171 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments ...........................................  
- 
- 
132 
- 
- 
132 
Other financial assets ............................  
119 
555 
16 
34 
- 
724 
Other assets ...........................................  
16 
161 
- 
1 
265 
443 
Premises and equipment .......................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
816 
816 
Total assets ..............................................  
14,584 
38,994 
4,389 
292 
1,207 
59,466 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks ................................  
406 
1,768 
263 
11 
- 
2,448 
Customer accounts ................................  
7,332 
30,294 
3,582 
214 
- 
41,422 
Debt securities issued............................  
977 
2,263 
468 
168 
- 
3,876 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency .................................  
- 
470 
- 
- 
- 
470 
Subordinated debt .................................  
1,064 
462 
40 
- 
- 
1,566 
Other financial liabilities ......................  
52 
1,042 
21 
11 
- 
1,126 
Other liabilities .....................................  
149 
198 
11 
- 
- 
358 
Deferred tax liability .............................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
58 
58 
Total liabilities .........................................  
9,980 
36,497 
4,385 
404 
58 
51,324 
1Net balance sheet position ....................  
4,604 
2,497 
4 
(112) 
1,149 
8,142 
Net balance sheet position less fair 
value of foreign  
exchange derivatives ...............................  
4,609 
2,658 
8 
(117) 
1,150 
8,308 
Foreign exchange derivatives  
(fair value of currencies receivable or 
payable)  
3,719 
(3,900) 
(123) 
138 
- 
(166) 
Net balance sheet and  
derivatives position as at 
31 December 2019 ..............................  
8,328 
(1,242) 
(115) 
21 
1,150 
8,142 
Almost all non-monetary items are attributable to the Russian Federation. 
Derivatives in each column represent the fair value, as at the end of the reporting period, of the respective currency 
that the Alfa Banking Group agreed to buy (positive amount) or sell (negative amount) before netting of positions 
and payments with the counterparty. The amounts by currency are presented gross. 
Different entities within the Alfa Banking Group have different functional currencies, based on the underlying 
economic conditions of their operations. For the purpose of currency risk sensitivity analysis the Alfa Banking 
Group splits its assets, liabilities and notional amounts of foreign currency receivable and payable at the reporting 
dates into three currency zones depending on the functional currencies of the entities included in the zone: 
  
Russian Rouble zone (includes all Russian Federation subsidiaries); 
  
Euro zone (includes Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V.); 
  
US Dollar zone (includes all other foreign subsidiaries operating internationally). 
Sensitivity analysis presented below indicates the potential effect of the change in foreign exchange market 
conditions on the profit or loss for the year and risk arising out of translation of the financial statements of 
subsidiaries into the presentation currency of the Alfa Banking Group. 
As the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to currencies other than US Dollar, Euro and Russian Rouble is not 
considerable in comparison to other exposures, in performing sensitivity analysis the Alfa Banking Group includes 
its net position in other currencies into the net position in US Dollars. As at 31 December 2020 the Alfa Banking 
Group’s net currency position including foreign currency derivatives was as follows:

--- Page 156 ---
147 
 
 
U.S.$/RUB 
U.S.$/EUR 
EUR/RUB 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Russian Rouble zone ..................................................................................  
8,704 
- 
220 
Euro zone ...................................................................................................  
- 
135 
1 
U.S. dollar zone .........................................................................................  
59 
433 
- 
Exposure with effect on profit or loss .....................................................  
8,763 
568 
221 
Exposure with effect on other comprehensive income ..............................  
(7,607) 
- 
- 
Net exposure .............................................................................................  
1,156 
568 
221 
As at 31 December 2020 if either of U.S.$/RUB, U.S.$/EUR or EUR/RUB rate changed by +/-10% respectively, 
this would have affected total comprehensive income for the year (pre-tax) of the Alfa Banking Group and on 
equity in the following way: 
 
U.S.$/RUB 
U.S.$/EUR 
EUR/RUB 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
+10% change in all foreign exchange rates................................................  
116 
57 
22 
-10% change in all foreign exchange rates  
(116) 
(57) 
(22) 
As at 31 December 2019 the Alfa Banking Group’s net currency position including foreign currency derivatives 
was as follows:  
 
U.S.$/RUB 
U.S.$/EUR 
EUR/RUB 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Russian Rouble zone ...................................................................................  
8,321 
- 
151 
Euro zone ....................................................................................................  
- 
14 
(1) 
U.S. dollar zone ..........................................................................................  
35 
451 
- 
Exposure with effect on profit or loss ......................................................  
8,356 
465 
150 
Exposure with effect on other comprehensive income ...............................  
(8,277) 
- 
- 
Net exposure ..............................................................................................  
79 
465 
150 
At 31 December 2019 if either of U.S.$/RUB, U.S.$/EUR or EUR/RUB rate changed by +/-10% respectively, this 
would affect total comprehensive income for the year (pre-tax) of the Alfa Banking Group in the following way: 
 
U.S.$/RUB 
U.S.$/EUR 
EUR/RUB 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
+10% change in all foreign exchange rates.................................................. 
8 
47 
15 
-10% change in all foreign exchange rates .................................................. 
(8) 
(47) 
(15) 
Interest rate risk.  
Interest rate risk of the banking book (the “IRRBB”) is the current or prospective risk to both the earnings and 
economic value arising from adverse movements in interest rates that affect interest rate sensitive instruments. 
IRRBB is assessed in two perspectives: sensitivity of net interest margin (NIM perspective), sensitivity of 
economic value of equity. Thus, there are two classes of IRRBB metrics employed. Shocks of interest rates for 
IRRBB metrics calculations are: 1) standardised by Basel committee and 2) developed by the Treasury and the 
Risk Management Department. 
While IRRBB arises from interest rates fluctuations, there are risks, reflecting in both mentioned perspectives of 
IRRBB, that come from movements in market rates (referring as “market risk”) and from Alfa Banking Group’s 
credit spreads oscillations (referring as “spread risk”). Both market and spread IRRBB are measured in terms of 
NIM’s and economic of value equity’s sensitivities. 
To control for IRRBB volume Asset and Liability Management Committee sets limits for all interest rate risk 
metrics. Limits for IRRBB metrics are set for significant currencies (these are currencies for each those total 
outstanding volume is not less than 5 per cent. of the total banking book balance). These are Russian Rouble, US 
Dollar and Euro. The Alfa Banking Group’s IRRBB is managed by the Treasury Department within the limits set 
by Asset and Liability Committee. Such limits are monitored on a weekly basis by the Assets Liabilities 
Management Unit of the Treasury Department.  
To remain within the limits set by Asset and Liability Committee, the Treasury Department has a mandate to hedge 
IRRBB. Hedge is achieved both 1) with derivatives and 2) by altering balance sheet structure. 
In addition, the risks of changes in prices of individual debt instruments related to trading positions of investment 
business (i.e. interest rate risk of the trading book) are covered by the limit on the size of the open position and the 
limit for value at risk. 
The table below summarises the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to interest rate risks as monitored by management 
of the Alfa Banking Group. The table presents the aggregated amounts of the Alfa Banking Group’s financial 
assets and liabilities at carrying amounts, categorised by the earlier of contractual interest repricing or maturity 
dates.

--- Page 157 ---
148 
 
 
Demand 
and less 
than 1 
month 
From 1 
to 6 
months 
From 6 
to 12 
months 
More 
than 1 
year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets ............................. 
19,004 
10,481 
5,460 
25,688 
5 
60,638 
Total financial liabilities ....................... 
(16,329) 
(5,014) 
(1,326) 
(29,855) 
- 
(52,524) 
Effect of interest based derivatives ....... 
(1,000) 
- 
1,000 
- 
- 
- 
Net interest sensitivity 
gap as at 31 December 2020 ................... 
1,675 
5,467 
5,134 
(4,167) 
5 
8,114 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Total financial assets ............................. 
17,118 
12,256 
3,322 
25,508 
3 
58,207 
Total financial liabilities ....................... 
(13,203) 
(8,845) 
(3,778) 
(25,082) 
- 
(50,908) 
Effect of interest based derivatives ....... 
(1,000) 
15 
(15) 
1,000 
- 
- 
Net interest sensitivity 
gap as at 31 December 2019  
2,915 
3,426 
(471) 
1,426 
3 
7,299 
For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, if interest rates at that date had been 100 basis points 
higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, pre-tax profit would have been U.S.$40 million higher/lower 
(U.S.$22 million higher/lower in 2019), mainly as a result of higher interest income on loans and advances to 
customers. Other components of equity (also pre-tax) would have been U.S.$33 million lower/higher (U.S.$ 47 
million lower/higher in 2019), as a result of change in the fair value of fixed interest rate debt investments classified 
as fair value through other comprehensive income. 
The Alfa Banking Group monitors interest rates for its financial instruments. The table below summarises interest 
rates based on reports reviewed by key management personnel:  
As at 31 December 2020 
U.S.$ 
RUB 
EUR 
Other 
currencies 
 
(in % per annum) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash balances with central banks.......................................................... 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
Correspondent accounts and overnight placements with other banks ... 
0.0 
4.4 
0.0 
0.0 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks ........................................ 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ............................... 
4.3 
7.8 
1.9 
0.0 
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value 
through purchase or loss ....................................................................... 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
- 
Due from other banks ........................................................................... 
0.6 
4.3 
2.0 
- 
Loans and advances to customers ......................................................... 
 
 
 
 
- Corporate borrowers ........................................................................... 
3.3 
7.2 
2.8 
5.8 
- Individuals .......................................................................................... 
18.2 
17.2 
24.4 
- 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income ... 
4.6 
4.2 
0.9 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ................................................................ 
- 
- 
0.1 
- 
Investments at amortized cost ............................................................... 
5.3 
8.9 
2.7 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments at amortized cost ........ 
0.0 
0.0 
0.5 
- 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks ................................................................................ 
0.2 
3.9 
(0.1) 
0.8 
Customer accounts: 
 
 
 
 
Individuals 
 
 
 
 
– Current and settlement accounts ........................................................ 
0.1 
2.2 
0.0 
0.0 
– Term deposits..................................................................................... 
1.1 
4.8 
- 
- 
Legal entities 
 
 
 
 
– Current and settlement accounts ........................................................ 
0.1 
1.5 
0.0 
0.0 
– Term deposits..................................................................................... 
1.1 
4.3 
0.5 
- 
Debt securities issued............................................................................ 
7.1 
7.2 
2.8 
3.0 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency .................................... 
- 
15.7 
- 
- 
Subordinated debt ................................................................................. 
6.0 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 158 ---
149 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
U.S.$ 
RUB 
EUR 
Other 
currencies 
 
(in % per annum) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash balances with central banks.......................................................... 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
Correspondent accounts and overnight placements with other banks ... 
0.0 
5.8 
0.0 
0.2 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks ........................................ 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ............................... 
5.2 
8.7 
3.6 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value 
through purchase or loss ....................................................................... 
0.3 
- 
- 
- 
Due from other banks ........................................................................... 
1.8 
6.0 
2.1 
7.1 
Loans and advances to customers ......................................................... 
 
 
 
 
- Corporate borrowers ........................................................................... 
4.5 
8.8 
3.0 
5.7 
- Individuals .......................................................................................... 
18.2 
19.0 
24.3 
- 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income ... 
3.5 
6.3 
3.6 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ................................................................ 
- 
- 
0.4 
- 
Investments at amortized cost ............................................................... 
5.4 
9.2 
3.0 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments at amortized cost ........ 
- 
- 
0.4 
- 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks ................................................................................ 
2.3 
5.1 
0.0 
1.0 
Customer accounts: 
 
 
 
 
Individuals 
 
 
 
 
– Current and settlement accounts ........................................................ 
0.2 
3.2 
0.0 
0.0 
– Term deposits..................................................................................... 
1.9 
6.5 
0.9 
0.0 
Legal entities 
 
 
 
 
– Current and settlement accounts ........................................................ 
0.3 
0.9 
0.0 
0.0 
– Term deposits..................................................................................... 
1.1 
5.7 
8.3 
0.0 
Debt securities issued............................................................................ 
6.8 
7.7 
2.7 
3.0 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance Agency .................................... 
- 
15.7 
- 
- 
Subordinated debt ................................................................................. 
6.8 
7.8 
4.5 
- 
The sign “-” in the table above means that the Alfa Banking Group does not have the assets or liabilities in 
corresponding currency. 
Geographical risk concentrations. As at 31 December 2020 and 2019 majority of assets, liabilities and credit 
related commitments of the Alfa Banking Group are concentrated in the Russian Federation. Also the Alfa Banking 
Group has certain balances (mainly cash and cash equivalents, loans and advances to customers and debt securities) 
in Europe, USA and CIS. The majority of the Alfa Banking Group’s revenues are generated from counterparties 
domiciled in the Russian Federation as well as substantially all of capital expenditure of the Alfa Banking Group 
relates to operations of the Alfa Banking Group in the Russian Federation. 
Liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is a risk of incapacity of the credit institution to finance its activities, i.e., support the 
growth of assets and fulfil the obligations at maturity without incurring losses in amounts endangering the financial 
stability of the credit institution. The Alfa Banking Group is exposed to daily calls on its available cash resources 
from overnight deposits, current accounts, maturing deposits, loan draw downs and from margin and other calls 
on derivative instruments. The Alfa Banking Group does not maintain cash resources to meet all of these needs as 
experience shows that a minimum level of reinvestment of maturing funds can be predicted with a high level of 
certainty. Liquidity risk is managed by the Treasury Department and is monitored by Asset and Liability 
Management Committee of the Alfa Banking Group. 
The Alfa Banking Group seeks to maintain a stable funding base comprising primarily amounts due to corporate 
and retail customer deposits, debt securities in issue and due to other banks and maintain an adequate diversified 
portfolios of liquid assets in order to be able to respond quickly and smoothly to unforeseen liquidity requirements. 
The liquidity management of the Alfa Banking Group requires considering the level of liquid assets necessary to 
settle obligations as they fall due; maintaining access to a range of funding sources; maintaining funding 
contingency plans, monitoring liquidity ratios and liquidity factors against regulatory or Alfa Banking Group risk-
appetite requirements. Alfa Bank calculates liquidity ratios on a daily basis in accordance with the requirement of 
the CBR. These ratios are:  
(i) 
instant liquidity ratio (N2), which is calculated as the ratio of highly-liquid assets to liabilities payable on 
demand;  
(ii) 
current liquidity ratio (N3), which is calculated as the ratio of liquid assets to liabilities maturing within 
30 calendar days;

--- Page 159 ---
150 
 
(iii) 
long-term liquidity ratio (N4), which is calculated as the ratio of assets maturing after one year to regulatory 
capital and liabilities maturing after one year; 
(iv) 
liquidity coverage ratio (PKL, N26), which is calculated as the ratio of highly liquid assets that will be 
received during the next calendar day without substantial loss in value to the amount of net expected outflow 
of funds on the operations of the bank for the next 30 calendar days; 
(v) 
net stable funding ratio (NSFR, N28) in accordance with the internal and the CBR requirements, different 
ratios of concentration of liabilities by groups of clients, covenants, deposits with rights of cancellation, 
etc. 
The Treasury Department prepares the liquidity profile of the financial assets and liabilities. The Treasury 
Department then builds up an adequate portfolio of short-term liquid assets, largely made up of short-term liquid 
trading securities, deposits with banks (including the CBR and Federal Treasury for Russian Roubles and central 
banks for other currencies) and other inter-bank facilities, to ensure that sufficient liquidity is maintained within 
the Alfa Banking Group as a whole.  
For regular stress-test purposes, the Treasury Department runs liquidity forecast models for different financial 
instruments on a daily basis. Different scenarios are tracked: including or disregarding projected new lending. 
Information on the level of delinquencies that result in late payments is regularly updated for the liquidity forecast. 
These liquidity forecast models are aggregated into liquidity position under a crisis scenario. The crisis scenario’s 
liquidity position is calculated on a daily basis and additionally covers severe market conditions: crisis customer’s 
outflows, defaults of loans, the CBR facilities, etc. The Asset and Liability Management Committee sets the limits 
as “survival horizon” (continuous number of days of positive liquidity under crisis scenario) separately for local 
currency, foreign currency and total. 
Liquidity risk-appetite ratios are reported on regular basis to the Executive Board of Alfa Bank, Asset and Liability 
Management Committee and the Board of Directors of Alfa Bank. 
The tables below show liabilities by their remaining contractual maturity. The amounts disclosed in the maturity 
table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows, including gross finance lease obligations (before deducting 
future finance charges), prices specified in deliverable forward agreements to purchase financial assets for cash, 
contractual amounts to be exchanged under a gross settled currency swaps, and gross loan commitments. Such 
undiscounted cash flows differ from the amounts included in the consolidated statement of financial position 
because the amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position are based on discounted cash flows. Net 
settled derivatives are included at the net amounts expected to be paid. 
When the amount payable is not fixed, the amounts are determined by reference to the conditions existing at the 
reporting date. Foreign currency payments are translated using the spot exchange rate at the end of the reporting 
period. 
The maturity analysis of undiscounted financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
Demand and 
less than 
1 month 
From 1 to 
6 months 
From 6 to 
12 months 
More than 
1 year 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
1,589 
1,010 
91 
148 
2,838 
Customer accounts - individuals 
21,436 
182 
131 
230 
21,979 
Customer accounts - other 
18,817 
2,355 
190 
718 
22,080 
Debt securities issued 
66 
1,266 
922 
1,694 
3,948 
Loan from the State Deposit Insurance 
Agency 
- 
1 
1 
752 
754 
Subordinated debt 
- 
24 
24 
1,005 
1,053 
Other non-derivative financial liabilities 
161 
10 
6 
115 
292 
Lease liabilities 
4 
18 
20 
94 
136 
Gross settled swaps and forwards: 
 
 
 
 
 
- inflows 
(1,043) 
(565) 
(224) 
(1,785) 
(3,617) 
- outflows 
1,040 
573 
222 
1,771 
3,606 
Net settled derivatives 
109 
225 
133 
15 
482 
Unused credit cards limits 
6,940 
- 
- 
- 
6,940 
Import letters of credit 
855 
- 
- 
- 
855 
Corporate overdrafts 
672 
- 
- 
- 
672 
Financial guarantees 
246 
- 
- 
- 
246 
Total potential future payments for 
financial obligations 
50,892 
5,099 
1,516 
4,757 
62,264

--- Page 160 ---
151 
 
The maturity analysis of undiscounted financial liabilities as at 31 December 2019 was as follows: 
Demand and 
less than 
1 month 
From 1 to 
6 months 
From 6 to 12 
months 
More than 
1 year 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
1,187 
939 
204 
144 
2,474 
Customer accounts - individuals 
15,104 
3,166 
2,489 
1,190 
21,949 
Customer accounts - other 
17,119 
3,577 
232 
165 
21,093 
Debt securities issued 
7 
643 
253 
3,890 
4,793 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency 
- 
1 
1 
898 
900 
Subordinated debt 
- 
246 
522 
1,103 
1,871 
Other non-derivative financial 
liabilities 
186 
18 
4 
68 
276 
Lease liabilities 
5 
20 
22 
173 
220 
Gross settled swaps and forwards: 
 
 
 
 
 
- inflows 
(639) 
(626) 
(2,622) 
(1,050) 
(4,937) 
- outflows 
647 
630 
2,642 
1,047 
4,966 
Net settled derivatives 
87 
254 
238 
3 
582 
Unused credit cards limits 
6,523 
- 
- 
- 
6,523 
Import letters of credit 
551 
- 
- 
- 
551 
Corporate overdrafts 
1,063 
- 
- 
- 
1,063 
Financial guarantees 
157 
- 
- 
- 
157 
Total potential future payments for 
financial obligations 
41,997 
8,868 
3,985 
7,631 
62,481 
  
Payments in respect of gross settled forwards will be accompanied by related cash inflows as disclosed above. 
Customer accounts are classified in the above analysis based on contractual maturities. However, in accordance 
with the Civil Code, individuals have a right to withdraw their deposits prior to maturity if they forfeit their right 
to accrued interest. 
The Alfa Banking Group does not use the above undiscounted maturity analysis to manage liquidity. Instead, the 
Treasury Department monitors expected maturities.  
The following table represents analysis of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 by their expected maturities 
as determined by the management. This analysis was prepared on the basis of contractual maturities except for 
adjustments in relation to (i) trading securities and (ii) part of customer accounts. The entire portfolio of trading 
securities was classified within “demand and less than 1 month” based on the Executive Board’s assessment of the 
portfolio’s realisability. Part of current/settlement/demand accounts was reallocated from “demand and less than 
1 month” category to baskets with later maturities. On the basis of past experience Alfa Banking Group believes 
that (i) diversification of these accounts by number and type of customers and (ii) constant inflow of new deposits 
indicate that at least part of these current/demand/settlement accounts would provide a long-term and stable source 
of funding for the Alfa Banking Group. 
 
Demand 
and less 
than 1 
month 
From 1 
to 6 
months 
From 6 
to 12 
months 
More 
than 1 
year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ...................  
6,594 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,594 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks ....................................................  
436 
- 
- 
- 
- 
436 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .........................................  
1,558 
- 
- 
190 
5 
1,753 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .........................................  
41 
- 
- 
- 
- 
41 
Due from other banks ..........................  
3,490 
63 
- 
523 
- 
4,076 
Loans and advances to customers  
2,099 
7,681 
5,265 
26,213 
- 
41,258 
Investments ..........................................  
2,347 
623 
87 
2,216 
- 
5,273 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments ..........................................  
190 
82 
38 
88 
- 
398 
Other financial assets ...........................  
337 
143 
154 
175 
- 
809 
Other assets ..........................................  
113 
53 
5 
6 
176 
353 
Premises and equipment ......................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
859 
859

--- Page 161 ---
152 
 
 
Demand 
and less 
than 1 
month 
From 1 
to 6 
months 
From 6 
to 12 
months 
More 
than 1 
year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Total assets  
17,205 
8,645 
5,549 
29,411 
1,040 
61,850 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks ...............................  
1,588 
1,001 
90 
147 
- 
2,826 
Customer accounts ...............................  
13,507 
2,757 
422 
27,022 
- 
43,708 
Debt securities issued...........................  
64 
1,216 
830 
1,554 
- 
3,664 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency ................................  
- 
- 
- 
452 
- 
452 
Subordinated debt ................................  
- 
10 
- 
797 
- 
807 
Other financial liabilities .....................  
274 
237 
144 
412 
- 
1,067 
Other liabilities ....................................  
113 
144 
- 
109 
- 
366 
Deferred tax liability ............................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
289 
289 
Total liabilities ........................................  
15,546 
5,365 
1,486 
30,493 
289 
53,179 
Net expected liquidity gap as at 
31 December 2020 ..................................  
1,659 
3,280 
4,063 
(1,082) 
751 
8,671 
Cumulative expected liquidity gap as at 
31 December 2020 ..................................  
1,659 
4,939 
9,002 
7,920 
8,671 
 
The following table represents analysis of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 by their expected maturities 
as determined by the Alfa Banking Group: 
 
Demand 
and less 
than 1 
month 
From 1 
to 6 
months 
From 6 
to 12 
months 
More 
than 1 
year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ...................  
6,450 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,450 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks ....................................................  
422 
- 
- 
- 
- 
422 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .........................................  
932 
- 
- 
185 
3 
1,120 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss .........................................  
3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3 
Due from other banks ..........................  
3,100 
13 
81 
348 
- 
3,542 
Loans and advances to customers ........  
2,927 
7,265 
2,628 
25,823 
- 
38,643 
Investments ..........................................  
1,169 
3,425 
510 
2,067 
- 
7,171 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments ..........................................  
11 
- 
59 
62 
- 
132 
Other financial assets ...........................  
307 
226 
166 
25 
- 
724 
Other assets ..........................................  
137 
36 
2 
3 
265 
443 
Premises and equipment ......................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
816 
816 
Total assets .............................................  
15,458 
10,965 
3,446 
28,513 
1,084 
59,466 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks ...............................  
1,186 
930 
199 
133 
- 
2,448 
Customer accounts ...............................  
11,711 
6,768 
2,695 
20,248 
- 
41,422 
Debt securities issued...........................  
9 
643 
149 
3,075 
- 
3,876 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency ................................  
- 
- 
- 
470 
- 
470 
Subordinated debt ................................  
- 
224 
462 
880 
- 
1,566 
Other financial liabilities .....................  
296 
280 
273 
277 
- 
1,126 
Other liabilities ....................................  
87 
34 
30 
207 
- 
358 
Deferred tax liability ............................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
58 
58 
Total liabilities  
13,289 
8,879 
3,808 
25,290 
58 
51,324 
Net expected liquidity gap as at 
31 December 2019 ...............................  
2,169 
2,086 
(362) 
3,223 
1,026 
8,142 
Cumulative expected liquidity gap as at 
31 December 2019 ...............................  
2,169 
4,255 
3,893 
7,116 
8,142 
 
Assets and liabilities disclosed as “no stated maturity” are expected to be recovered or settled after twelve months 
after the reporting period.

--- Page 162 ---
153 
 
Liquidity requirements to support calls under guarantees and standby letters of credit are considerably less than 
the amount of the commitments because the Alfa Banking Group does not generally expect the third party to draw 
funds under the agreement. The total outstanding contractual amount of commitments to extend credit does not 
necessarily represent future cash requirements, since many of these commitments will expire or terminate without 
being funded. 
The matching and/or controlled mismatching of the maturities and interest rates of assets and liabilities is 
fundamental to the management of the Alfa Banking Group. It is unusual for banks ever to be completely matched 
since business transacted is often of an uncertain term and of different types. An unmatched position potentially 
enhances profitability, but can also increase the risk of losses. The maturities of assets and liabilities and the ability 
to replace, at an acceptable cost, interest-bearing liabilities as they mature, are important factors in assessing the 
liquidity of the Alfa Banking Group and its exposure to changes in interest and exchange rates. 
Operational risk. Operational risk is defined as risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk, but excludes strategic and 
reputational risk. The events that are included under this definition of operational risk are, mainly, losses from 
fraud, computer system failures, settlement errors, model errors or natural disasters.  
The Alfa Banking Group monitors its operational risk profile and material exposures to operational losses on a 
regular basis. The Alfa Banking Group’s system of regular reporting of information to senior management supports 
the proactive management of operational risk.  
Activities of the Alfa Banking Group’s operational risk management includes: identification, assessment, 
monitoring and reporting, control and/or minimization of the Alfa Banking Group’s exposure to operational risk 
as well as the distribution of responsibilities and authorities to manage operational risk. Information on realised 
operational risks and losses are collected in the Alfa Banking Group’s own loss database system.  
In order to identify and assess operational risks, the Alfa Banking Group uses the following operational risk 
management tools: 
 
analysis of processes; 
 
internal loss data collection and analysis; 
 
external loss data collection and analysis; 
 
risk and control self-assessment (RCSA); 
 
key risk indicators (KRI); 
 
scenario analysis (stress-testing). 
The main principles and instruments of operational risk minimisation are defined by the Alfa Banking Group’s 
Operational Risk Management Policy.  
The Alfa Banking Group regards active participation of its business divisions as a cornerstone for effective risk 
management. Each business division is primarily responsible for the identification and assessment of operational 
risk arising from its business operations. In circumstances where a business division considers it appropriate, 
operational risk is insured.  
The Operational Risk Steering Committee, which meets monthly, monitors the level of operational risk, 
coordinates the operational risk management across the departments and approves procedures for operational risk 
identification. ORSC takes part in carrying out operational risk analysis of new products and complex transactions, 
approval of internal documents regarding operational risk.  
Each year, the Alfa Banking Group obtains an international comprehensive banking risk insurance policy, also 
known as a “banker’s blanket bond”, which covers its professional activities world-wide and insures it against, 
among other things, forgery, electronic and computer crimes and employees’ unlawful actions. The amount of 
indemnity coverage provided by the policy as at the date of this Base Prospectus in effect is limited to U.S.$80 
million for BBB coverage and computer crime and U.S.$50 million for professional indemnity (which includes 
liability to third parties arising from negligence or error on the part of the Alfa Banking Group), and in each case 
an additional U.S.$5 million coverage for independent directors.  
 
Anti-Money Laundering Measures

--- Page 163 ---
154 
 
As a member state of the FATF, the Russian Federation adopted the Anti-Money Laundering Law. This law 
remains the principal legislative source in the Russian Federation for combating money laundering. Subsequent to 
the passage of the Anti-Money Laundering Law, the CBR promulgated a number of regulations in this field 
specifically for the banking sector.  
Alfa Bank’s management believes that Alfa Bank’s internal policies and procedures, which have been approved 
by the CBR, comply fully with the provisions of the Anti-Money Laundering Law and applicable regulations.  
Alfa Bank’s anti-money laundering policy requires, among other things: risk-based identification of every client, 
verification of each client’s documents, monitoring of each client’s operations, detection and reporting of 
operations according to suspicious (or unusual) obligatory control criteria, record keeping and staff training. All 
detected suspicious operations and operations that are subject to obligatory control must be reported by Alfa 
Bank’s compliance department on a daily basis to the CBR for further reporting to the Federal Service for Financial 
Monitoring.  
Anti-Terrorism and Compliance Measures  
Every new customer of the Alfa Banking Group is screened against the Federal Service for Financial Monitoring’s 
List of Designated Extremists. In addition, all incoming and outgoing international payments are checked by the 
Alfa Banking Group’s compliance department against the lists of all the major sanctioning bodies, such as the 
United Nations, OFAC, the European Union and law enforcement agencies and regulators. The compliance 
department consists of approximately 60 people, including a team of five members which is dedicated to 
monitoring transactions and any dealings with existing customers and reviewing potential business projects for 
purposes of compliance with any applicable sanctions and restrictions. The department also obtains certifications 
from its customers and counterparties and conducts diligence exercises with respect to any applicable sanctions 
and restrictions. The compliance department is continually developing and has put in place internal regulations 
and policies that need to be complied with and followed by all relevant departments of the Alfa Banking Group. 
The 
department’s 
staff 
also 
conducts 
regular 
training 
courses 
and 
internal 
programmes 
for 
the Alfa Banking Group personnel.

--- Page 164 ---
155 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The following selected statistical and other financial information is derived, where applicable, from the ABH 
Financial Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Average Balance Sheet and Interest Rate Data  
The following tables sets forth the consolidated average balances of assets and liabilities of the Alfa Banking 
Group for the periods indicated and, for interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, sets forth the amount 
of interest income or expense and the average rate of such interest for such assets and liabilities.  
For the purposes of the following table, the consolidated average balances of assets, liabilities and equity represent 
the average of the opening and closing balances for the period ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020. The results 
of this analysis would likely be different if alternative averaging balance methods were used.  
 
For the period ended 
For the period ended 
 
30 June 2021 
30 June 2020 
 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate(1) 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
(U.S.$ millions except as otherwise stated) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to 
individuals(2) ............................. 
13,250 
755 
11.4% 
10,362 
709 
13.7% 
Loans and advances to corporate 
customers(2),(3)  
31,647 
956 
6.0% 
28,731 
968 
6.7% 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss and 
repurchase receivables(4)  
1,482 
31 
4.2% 
1,112 
26 
4.7% 
Debt investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income and repurchase 
receivables ................................ 
3,197 
60 
3.8% 
3,418 
89  
5.2%  
Investments at amortized cost 
and repurchase receivables(2) .... 
2,172 
64 
5.9% 
2,389 
74 
6.2% 
Due from other banks ............... 
4,719 
58 
2.5% 
3,535 
63 
3.6% 
Total interest-earning assets  
56,467 
1,924 
6.8% 
49,547 
1,929 
7.8% 
Non-interest earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ........ 
6,502 
- 
- 
 
6,153 
– 
– 
Mandatory cash balances with 
central banks ............................. 
465 
- 
- 
416 
– 
– 
Credit loss allowance ................ 
(1,398) 
- 
- 
(1,325) 
– 
– 
Credit loss allowance for 
investment at amortized cost ..... 
(4) 
- 
- 
(5) 
– 
– 
Investments, trading securities 
and repurchase receivables(5) .... 
225 
- 
- 
162 
– 
– 
Premises and equipment and 
right-of-use assets ..................... 
864 
- 
- 
792 
– 
– 
Other financial assets (including 
derivatives) and other assets ..... 
1,188 
- 
- 
1,366 
– 
– 
Total average assets .................... 
64,309 
- 
- 
57,105 
– 
– 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks .................... 
2,904 
59 
4.1% 
 2,220  
57 
5.1% 
Term deposits of individuals  
3,658 
50 
2.7% 
 6,852  
139 
4.1% 
Term deposits of legal entities  
11,060 
233 
4.2% 
 10,095  
235 
4.7% 
Current/settlement accounts ...... 
30,783 
194 
1.3% 
 22,463  
144 
1.3% 
Debt securities issued  
3,515 
111 
6.3% 
 3,765  
125 
6.6% 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency ..................... 
473 
34 
14.4% 
 458  
31 
13.5% 
Subordinated debt ..................... 
966 
26 
5.4% 
 1,394  
39 
5.6% 
Lease liabilities ......................... 
117 
3 
5.1% 
164 
4 
4.9% 
Total interest bearing liabilities . 
53,476 
710 
2.7% 
47,411 
774 
3.3%

--- Page 165 ---
156 
 
 
For the period ended 
For the period ended 
 
30 June 2021 
30 June 2020 
 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate(1) 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
(U.S.$ millions except as otherwise stated) 
Non-interest bearing liabilities and 
equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities 
(including derivatives) and other 
liabilities  
1,423 
- 
 
 1,367  
– 
– 
Deferred tax liability  
291 
- 
- 
 132  
– 
– 
Equity  
9,119 
- 
- 
 8,195  
– 
– 
Non-controlling interests  
39 
- 
- 
 41  
– 
– 
Net assets attributable to the 
Company’s owners  
9,080 
- 
- 
 8,154  
– 
– 
Total average liabilities and 
equity ........................................... 
64,309 
- 
- 
57,105 
– 
– 
Deposit insurance expense ......  
- 
56 
- 
- 
48 
– 
Net interest margin ratio(6) ......  
4.1% 
- 
- 
4.5% 
– 
– 
(1) 
Average interest rates on interest-earning assets are calculated as total interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.  
 
Average interest rates on interest-bearing liabilities are calculated as total interest expense divided by average interest-bearing 
liabilities.  
(2) 
Before credit loss allowance. 
(3) 
Including finance lease receivable and related other similar income. 
(4) 
Excludes equity securities, as these securities are not interest-earning. 
(5) 
Only equity securities. 
 (6) 
Net interest income before credit loss allowance and including expenses directly attributable to deposit insurance, expressed as a 
percentage of average interest-earning assets. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information” – “Non-IFRS measures”. 
For the purposes of the following table, the consolidated average balances of assets, liabilities and equity represent 
the average of the opening, mid and closing balances for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019. The results of this analysis would likely be different if alternative averaging balance methods 
were used.  
 
For the year ended 
For the year ended 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate(1) 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
(U.S.$ millions except as otherwise stated) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to 
individuals(2) ............................. 
10,810 
1,406 
13.0% 
8,225 
1,210 
14.7% 
Loans and advances to corporate 
customers(2),(3)  
29,490 
1,850 
6.3% 
26,813 
2,163 
8.1% 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss and 
repurchase receivables(4)  
1,286 
50 
3.9% 
913 
43 
4.7% 
Debt investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income and repurchase 
receivables ................................ 
3,402 
138 
4.1%  
4,151 
206 
5.0% 
Investments at amortized cost 
and repurchase receivables(2) .... 
2,360 
144 
6.1% 
2,374 
166 
7.0% 
Due from other banks ............... 
3,715 
98 
2.6% 
3,674 
171 
4.7% 
Other similar income 
 
5 
 
 
9 
 
Total interest-earning assets  
51,063 
3,691 
7.2% 
46,159 
3,968 
8.6% 
Non-interest earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ........ 
6,302 
 
 
5,533 
 
 
Mandatory cash balances with 
central banks ............................. 
422 
– 
– 
377 
– 
– 
Credit loss allowance ................ 
(1,369) 
– 
– 
(1,119) 
– 
– 
Credit loss allowance for 
investment at amortized cost ..... 
(4) 
– 
– 
(3) 
– 
– 
Investments, trading securities 
and repurchase receivables(5) .... 
160 
– 
– 
71 
– 
–

--- Page 166 ---
157 
 
 
For the year ended 
For the year ended 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate(1) 
Average 
Balance 
Interest 
Income/ 
Expense 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 
 
(U.S.$ millions except as otherwise stated) 
Premises and equipment and 
right-of-use assets ..................... 
814 
– 
– 
657 
– 
– 
Other financial assets (including 
derivatives) and other assets ..... 
1,298 
– 
– 
1,244 
– 
– 
Total average assets .................... 
58,686 
– 
– 
52,911 
– 
– 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks .................... 
2,422 
97 
4.0% 
2,423 
130 
5.5% 
Term deposits of individuals  
5,911 
226 
3.8% 
7,195 
327 
4.5% 
Term deposits of legal entities  
10,412 
407 
3.9% 
9,865 
550 
5.6% 
Current/settlement accounts ...... 
24,520 
299 
1.2% 
18,903 
284 
1.5% 
Debt securities issued  
3,732 
243 
6.5% 
3,650 
248 
6.8% 
Loan from the State Deposit 
Insurance Agency ..................... 
456 
63 
13.8% 
423 
62 
14.7% 
Subordinated debt ..................... 
1,198 
80 
6.7% 
1,341 
103 
7.7% 
Lease liabilities ......................... 
149 
7 
4.7% 
123 
14 
11.4% 
Total interest bearing liabilities . 
48,800 
1,422 
2.9% 
43,923 
1,718 
3.9% 
Non-interest bearing liabilities and 
equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities 
(including derivatives) and other 
liabilities  
1,349 
– 
– 
1,202 
– 
– 
Deferred tax liability  
184 
– 
– 
120 
– 
– 
Equity  
8,353 
– 
– 
7,666 
– 
– 
Non-controlling interests  
40 
– 
– 
43 
– 
– 
Net assets attributable to the 
Company’s owners  
8,313 
– 
– 
7,623 
– 
– 
Total average liabilities and 
equity ........................................... 
58,686 
– 
– 
52,911 
– 
– 
Deposit insurance expense 
 
98 
 
 
133 
 
Net interest margin ratio(6) ......  
4.3% 
– 
– 
4.6% 
- 
- 
(1) 
Average interest rates on interest-earning assets are calculated as total interest income divided by average interest-earning assets.  
 
Average interest rates on interest-bearing liabilities are calculated as total interest expense divided by average interest-bearing 
liabilities.  
(2) 
Before credit loss allowance. 
(3) 
Including finance lease receivable and related other similar income.  
(4) 
Excludes equity securities, as these securities are not interest-earning. 
(5) 
Only equity securities.  
(6) 
Net interest income before credit loss allowance and t including expenses directly attributable to deposit insurance, expressed as a 
percentage of average interest-earning assets. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information” – “Non-IFRS measures”. 
Investment Portfolio  
The following table sets out information relating to the Alfa Banking Group’s gross securities portfolio by 
investment category as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Corporate Eurobonds ...........................................................................................  
801 
591 
Eurobonds and bonds of other states ....................................................................  
299 
155 
Corporate bonds ...................................................................................................  
177 
54 
Russian Federation bonds and Eurobonds ...........................................................  
78 
3 
ADRs and GDRs .................................................................................................  
81 
100 
Corporate shares ..................................................................................................  
59 
20 
Repurchase receivables relating to trading securities ...........................................  
41 
3 
Other financial instruments mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or 
loss .......................................................................................................................  
258 
197 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and repurchase 
receivables ..........................................................................................................  
1,794 
1,123 
Investments at amortized cost ..............................................................................  
1,991 
2,334

--- Page 167 ---
158 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................  
3,283 
4,840 
Other investments ................................................................................................  
3 
1 
Credit loss allowance ...........................................................................................  
(4) 
(4) 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments ...................................................  
398 
132 
Total investments and repurchase receivables relating to investments .........  
5,671 
7,303 
Loans  
The Alfa Banking Group’s loans include loans to banks and loans to corporate and retail customers.  
The following table provides a breakdown of the Alfa Banking Group’s loans by loans to customers and due from 
banks as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
Corporate customers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate borrowers ................................... 
29,829 
63.4 
28,989 
62.0 
26,638 
61.4 
Finance lease receivables ............................ 
1,628 
3.5 
1,391 
3.0 
1,498 
3.5 
Reverse sale and repurchase receivables..... 
779 
1.7 
590 
1.3 
1,213 
2.8 
Advances on lease operations ..................... 
50 
0.1 
38 
0.1 
49 
0.1 
Individuals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Personal instalment loans............................ 
6,995 
14.9 
5,793 
12.4 
5,602 
12.9 
Credit cards ................................................. 
2,973 
6.3 
2,651 
5.6 
2,923 
6.7 
Mortgage loans ........................................... 
4,584 
9.7 
3,089 
6.6 
1,810 
4.2 
Consumer (POS) loans ............................... 
114 
0.2 
93 
0.2 
49 
0.1 
Reverse sale and repurchase receivables..... 
127 
0.3 
80 
0.1 
58 
0.1 
Total gross loans and advances  
to customers............................................... 
47,079 
89.8 
42,714 
91.3 
39,840 
91.8 
Due from other banks(1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Term placements ......................................... 
1,347 
2.6 
1,443 
3.1 
1,208 
2.8 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements .... 
4,015 
7.7 
2,633 
5.6 
2,334 
5.4 
Total due from other banks ..................... 
5,362 
10.2 
4,076 
8.7 
3,542 
8.2 
Subtotal ...................................................... 
52,441 
100 
46,790 
100 
43,382 
100 
Credit loss allowance(2) ............................. 
(1,339) 
– 
(1,456) 
– 
(1,197) 
‒ 
Total ........................................................... 
51,102 
– 
45,334 
– 
42,185 
‒ 
 
 ___________________________  
(1) 
Not including mandatory cash balances with the CBR or other central banks and correspondent accounts and overnight placements with 
other banks. 
(2) 
This credit loss allowance relates to loans and advances to customers. 
Economic Sector Concentration  
The following tables set forth the structure of the Alfa Banking Group’s gross loans and advances to customers by 
economic sector as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of total) 
Sector 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Individuals ......................  
14,793 
31 
11,706 
27 
10,442 
26 
Oil industry .....................  
5,831 
12 
5,563 
13 
4,975 
12 
Food industry and agriculture 
3,541 
8 
3,297 
8 
3,500 
9 
Trade and commerce .......  
3,053 
7 
2,786 
7 
2,810 
7 
Real estate and construction 
3,078 
7 
2,726 
6 
2,861 
7 
Railway transport ............  
2,056 
4 
2,050 
5 
939 
2 
Ferrous metallurgy ..........  
2,327 
5 
2,206 
5 
1,823 
5

--- Page 168 ---
159 
 
Finance and investment 
companies .......................  
2,271 
5 
2,001 
5 
2,839 
7 
Chemistry and petrochemistry 
1,798 
4 
1,975 
5 
1,847 
5 
Mass media and 
telecommunications ........  
1,955 
4 
1,722 
4 
1,851 
5 
Non-ferrous metallurgy ...  
1,000 
2 
1,152 
3 
1,317 
3 
Nuclear industry ..............  
645 
1 
1,149 
3 
463 
1 
Miscellaneous machinery and 
metal working .................  
960 
2 
620 
1 
526 
1 
Coal industry ...................  
873 
2 
608 
1 
686 
2 
Aviation transport ...........  
561 
1 
596 
1 
445 
1 
Water transport ...............  
479 
1 
508 
1 
485 
1 
Timber industry ...............  
522 
1 
424 
1 
452 
1 
Power generation ............  
220 
1 
397 
1 
696 
2 
Diamond extraction and 
processing .......................  
69 
- 
217 
1 
233 
- 
Other ...............................  
1,047 
2 
1,011 
2 
650 
2 
Total gross loans and advances 
to customers ...................  
47,079 
100 
42,714 
100 
39,840 
100 
Geographic Area  
As at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Alfa Banking Group concentrated the majority 
of its assets, liabilities and credit related commitments in the Russian Federation and had certain balances (mainly 
cash and cash equivalents, loans and advances to customers and debt securities) in Europe, USA and CIS (primary 
in Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Belarus).  
The majority of the Alfa Banking Group’s revenues are generated from the counterparties domiciled in the Russian 
Federation and substantially all of capital expenditure of the Alfa Banking Group relates to operations in the 
Russian Federation. 
Maturity 
The following table sets forth the structure of the Alfa Banking Group’s net loans and advances to customers by 
their remaining contractual maturity, as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
Demand and less than one month ..... 
2,719 
6.0 
2,099 
5.1 
2,927 
7.6 
1-6 months ........................................ 
6,328 
13.8 
7,681 
18.6 
7,265 
18.8 
6-12 months ...................................... 
5,128 
11.2 
5,265 
12.8 
2,628 
6.8 
More than 1 year ............................... 
31,565 
69.0 
26,213 
63.5 
25,823 
66.8 
Total loans and advances to 
customers ......................................... 
45,740 
100 
41,258 
100 
38,643 
100 
Currency 
The Alfa Banking Group’s loans and advances to customers comprise loans denominated in U.S. dollars, Roubles, 
Euros and other currencies.  
The following table provides a breakdown of the Alfa Banking Group’s net loans and advances to customers by 
currency, as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
As at 30 June 2021 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of total) 
U.S. dollars .................................. 
 6,046 
13.2 
6,429 
15.6 
7,396 
19.1 
Roubles ........................................ 
34,622 
75.7 
29,591 
71.7 
28,723 
74.4 
Euros ............................................ 
5,060 
11.1 
5,231 
12.7 
2,524 
6.5 
Other currencies ........................... 
12 
0.0 
7 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Total loans and advances to 
customers .................................... 
45,740 
100 
41,258 
100 
38,643 
100

--- Page 169 ---
160 
 
Customer Concentration  
The following table shows the Alfa Banking Group’s ten largest non-bank borrowers (by gross loan exposure) as 
at 30 June 2021, which together accounted for 18.2 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total gross loans and 
advances to customers, having increased from 17.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
 
2021 
Customer 
Industry 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Customer 1 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
1,379 
Customer 2 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
1,126 
Customer 3 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
948 
Customer 4 
Ferrous metallurgy ......................................................................................... 
942 
Customer 5 
Food industry and agriculture ........................................................................ 
856 
Customer 6 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
716 
Customer 7 
Finance and investment companies ................................................................ 
682 
Customer 8 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
657 
Customer 9 
Nuclear industry ............................................................................................. 
645 
Customer 10 
Mass media and telecommunications ............................................................. 
628 
Total  
8,579 
The following table shows the Alfa Banking Group’s ten largest non-bank borrowers (by gross loan exposure) as 
at 31 December 2020, which together accounted for 17.6 per cent. of the Alfa Banking Group’s total gross loans 
and advances to customers, having decreased from 18.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2020 
Customer 
Industry 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Customer 1 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
1,372 
Customer 2 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
953 
Customer 3 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
797 
Customer 4 
Railway transport ........................................................................................... 
721 
Customer 5 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
702 
Customer 6 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
616 
Customer 7 
Oil industry .................................................................................................... 
609 
Customer 8 
Real estate and construction ........................................................................... 
607 
Customer 9 
Food industry and agriculture ........................................................................ 
584 
Customer 10 
Ferrous metallurgy, Other .............................................................................. 
557 
Total  
7,518 
Credit loss allowance 
Under modified risk management policies implemented during the global economic crisis, the Alfa Banking Group 
conservatively assessed possible losses on the loans and advances to customers and created sufficient credit loss 
allowance to fully cover them, reduced lending to second tier borrowers and reduced lending limits for certain 
industries such as construction and railway transportation. At the same time maximum internal lending limits to 
certain top quality borrowers, which required lower credit loss allowance level, were increased.  
The following table shows movements in the Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance for the six months ended 
30 June 2021. 
 
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
 
 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance 
lease 
receivables 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consu
mer 
(POS) 
loans 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Credit loss allowance as at 
1 January 2021...............................  
768 
19 
401 
251 
13 
4 
1,456 
Credit loss allowance during the 
period ..........................................  
(124) 
3 
143 
81 
9 
3 
115 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible................................  
(22) 
(3) 
(146) 
(89) 
(1) 
(1) 
(262) 
Unwinding of discount ...............  
19 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
19 
Effect of translation to functional 
currency ......................................  
(16) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(16) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency ..................  
13 
- 
9 
5 
- 
- 
27

--- Page 170 ---
161 
 
 
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
 
 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance 
lease 
receivables 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consu
mer 
(POS) 
loans 
Total 
Credit loss allowance as at 
30 June 2021 ..................................  
638 
19 
407 
248 
21 
6 
1,339 
The following table shows movements in the Alfa Banking Group’s credit loss allowance for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. 
 
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
 
 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance 
lease 
receivables 
Personal 
instalme
nt loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consu
mer 
(POS) 
loans 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Credit loss allowance as at 
1 January 2020 .............................  
681 
16 
275 
212 
10 
3 
1,197 
Credit loss allowance during the 
year .............................................  
165 
6 
214 
136 
4 
1 
526 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible ...............................  
(82) 
- 
(73) 
(61) 
(4) 
(1) 
(221) 
Unwinding of discount ...............  
9 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9 
Effect of translation to 
functional currency .....................  
25 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
25 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency .................  
(49) 
(1) 
(19) 
(14) 
- 
- 
(83) 
Credit loss allowance as at 
30 June 2020 .................................  
749 
21 
397 
273 
10 
3 
1,453

--- Page 171 ---
162 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Alfa Banking Group may from time to time conduct business with related parties. As at 30 June 2021, the 
Alfa Banking Group’s loans and advances to customers included balances outstanding from related parties 
representing 0.1 per cent. and 0.08 per cent. of gross loans to customers and total assets, respectively, compared 
to 0.1 per cent. and 0.09 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.  
The Alfa Banking Group enters into transactions in the normal course of its business with significant shareholders, 
directors, associated companies and companies with which the Alfa Banking Group has significant shareholders 
in common. These transactions include settlement, loans, deposit taking, guarantees, trade finance, corporate 
finance, foreign currency exchange and other transactions.  
Historically, the most significant related parties of the Alfa Banking Group (by volume of transactions) were the 
shareholders of the Alfa Banking Group, members of the Alfa Group (some of which ceased to be related parties 
from December 2014), members of the ABH Ukraine Group and Alfa DA Limited (which was related party until 
December 2014) and its subsidiaries.  
The total amount maintained in customer accounts with the Alfa Banking Group by related parties as at 
30 June 2021 was U.S.$490 million, which was 1.0 per cent. of the total customer accounts of the Alfa Banking 
Group, compared to U.S.$518 million and 1.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.  
Related parties are defined in accordance with IFRS - see Note “Related Party Transactions” to the ABH Financial 
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The following tables describe the related party balances and transactions as at and for the periods ended 
30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
Correspondent accounts with other banks .............  
8 
0.4 
2 
0.1 
9 
0.3 
Loans and advances to customers (before credit loss 
allowance) .............................................................  
52 
0.1 
54 
0.1 
62 
0.2 
Receivables ...........................................................  
40 
3.3 
40 
3.4 
12 
1.0 
Correspondent accounts of other banks* ...............  
19 
0.6 
12 
0.4 
12 
0.5 
Customer accounts ........................................... 
490 
1.0 
518 
1.2 
322 
0.8 
Subordinated loan .................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
40 
2.6 
Payables ................................................................  
68 
4.1 
70 
4.9 
37 
2.5 
Guarantees issued** ..............................................  
10 
0.1 
- 
- 
8 
0.1 
 
* 
The figure in the column “% of total” presents % of related party balances in due to other banks 
** 
The figure in the column “% of total” presents % of related party balances in total credit related commitments 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(% of 
total) 
Interest income .................................................. 
2 
0.1 
3 
0.1 
5 
0.1 
Interest expense ................................................. 
(5) 
0.7 
(10) 
0.7 
(13) 
0.8 
Fee and commission income .......................... 
201 
19.5 
226 
13.4 
167 
10.6 
Fee and commission expense ......................... 
(1) 
0.4 
(6) 
1.4 
(4) 
0.8 
Gains less losses arising from trading in 
foreign currencies.............................................. 
- 
- 
4 
1.8 
- 
- 
Other expenses .................................................. 
(42) 
5.6 
(54) 
4.2 
(46) 
3.5 
Refer to Note “Related Party Transactions” of the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements for more 
detailed information on related party transactions (including but not limited to more information on the key 
management compensation, transactions with investments performed with related parties and disbursements and 
contributions from the shareholders).

--- Page 172 ---
163 
 
The following tables set out information on the Alfa Banking Group’s loans to customers, guarantees issued and 
customer accounts with respect to the main groups of related parties as at the relevant dates. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Gross loans 
 
 
 
Subsidiaries of ABH Holdings .......................................................  
- 
- 
7 
Key management ...........................................................................  
2 
4 
5 
Shareholders ..................................................................................  
50 
50 
50 
Total ..............................................................................................  
52 
54 
62 
 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Guarantees issued 
 
 
 
Subsidiaries of ABH Holdings .......................................................  
10 
- 
8 
Total ..............................................................................................  
10 
- 
8 
  
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Customer accounts 
 
 
 
Shareholders ..................................................................................  
59 
67 
106 
ABH Holdings ...............................................................................  
230 
236 
18 
Subsidiaries of ABH Holdings .......................................................  
167 
194 
180 
Key management ...........................................................................  
33 
20 
13 
Other related parties .......................................................................  
1 
1 
5 
Total ..............................................................................................  
490 
518 
322

--- Page 173 ---
164 
 
 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
Alfa Bank  
Alfa Bank is required to comply with a number of mandatory economic ratios set by the CBR. In particular, the 
CBR establishes capital adequacy and risk diversification ratios.  
On 1 March 2013, Regulation No. 395-P entered into force in Russia. The new regulatory capital requirements 
provided by Regulation No. 395-P are being phased in gradually starting from 1 January 2014 until 
1 January 2018, which was replaced with new Regulation No. 646-P on 28 September 2018. See “The Banking 
Sector and Banking Regulation in the Russian Federation” for a more detailed discussion of these requirements, 
and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Alfa Banking Group’s Business and Industry—The Alfa Banking Group 
may be unable to meet its regulatory requirements relating to capital adequacy”.  
For the purposes of calculating Alfa Bank’s capital adequacy ratios according to the CBR’s requirements, Alfa 
Bank’s principal assets are divided into five categories with different risk weightings. Under Russian law, the N1.0 
Ratio that the banks are required to maintain is calculated (on an unconsolidated basis) as the ratio of a bank’s 
owned funds (its capital) to the total amount of its risk weighted assets. The minimum N1.0 Ratio required by the 
CBR as at the date of this Base Prospectus is 8.0 per cent. If the capital adequacy ratio of a bank drops below 2 
per cent., then the CBR will revoke its banking licence. In addition, banks are required to maintain the N1.1 Ratio 
and the N1.2 Ratio at or above 4.5 per cent. and 6.0 per cent. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. and a capital buffer for systemically important credit organisations of 1 per 
cent. is applicable to Alfa Bank’s minimum capital adequacy requirements. Alfa Bank’s N1.0 Ratio was 13.99 per 
cent. as at 1 July 2021 and 13.26 per cent. as at 1 January 2021, which in each case exceeded the minimum required 
by the CBR. Alfa Bank’s N1.1 Ratio and N1.2 Ratio as of 1 July 2021 was 10.62 per cent. and 11.98 per cent., 
respectively and 10.27 per cent. and 11.81 per cent. as of 1 January 2021, respectively, which in each case 
exceeded the minimum required by the CBR. Alfa Bank’s annual N1.0 Ratio is calculated by Alfa Bank on the 
basis of the statutory RAR audited financial statements of Alfa Bank adjusted for post-balance sheet events (as 
prescribed by applicable CBR regulations). 
For the purposes of calculating Alfa Bank’s CBR capital adequacy ratios, Alfa Bank had equity capital of RUB 
667,936 million as at 1 July 2021, RUB566,727 million as at 1 January 2021 and RUB485,640.4 million as at 
1 January 2020. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as an unregulated bank holding company, ABH Financial 
does not have an obligation to meet specific international or Russian regulatory capital ratios, see “Operating and 
Financial Review of the Alfa Banking Group—Capital Adequacy”.  
The following table sets out Alfa Bank’s mandatory economic ratios calculated in accordance with the 
requirements of the CBR as at 1 July 2021, 1 January 2021 and 1 January 2020 and based upon statutory RAR 
financial statements: 
 
 
 
CBR minimum/ 
maximum ratio 
requirements 
As at 1 July 
As at 1 January 
 
2021 
2021 
2020 
Mandatory Economic Ratios 
 
 
 
 
Capital adequacy ratio (N1) 
N1 – Min 8 
14.0 
13.3 
12.7 
Common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio 
(N1.1) 
 
N1.1 – Min 4.5 
10.6 
10.3 
9.1 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (N1.2) 
 
N1.2 – Min 6 
12.0 
11.8 
10.7 
Bank liquidity ratios (N2, N3 and N4) 
 
N2 – Min 15 
81.2 
73.2 
160.72 
 
N3 – Min 50 
106.0 
100.7 
157.8 
 
N4 – Max 120 
58.0 
56.5 
51.49 
Maximum amount of risk per borrower or per 
group of related borrowers (N6) 
N6 – Max 25 
13.0 
13.5 
15.6 
Maximum amount of large credit risks (N7) 
 
N7 – Max 800 
128.0 
159.4 
206.96 
Ratio for the use of the bank’s own resources 
(capital) to acquire participation interests in other 
legal entities (N12)  
N12 – Max 25 
2.0 
2.1 
1.2 
 ___________________________  
Note: All figures in percentages. In this table, “0.0” means that Alfa Bank had no exposure. 
If Alfa Bank were required to calculate its capital adequacy based upon IFRS financial statements, according to 
the BIS Guidelines regarding solvency and capitalisation, then no assurances can be given that, without any 
appropriate remedial action, Alfa Bank’s capital adequacy would satisfy such guidelines.

--- Page 174 ---
165 
 
The Alfa Banking Group  
The Alfa Banking Group calculates its capital adequacy ratio based on Basel III. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating 
to Alfa Banking Group’s Business and Industry—The Alfa Banking Group may be unable to meet its regulatory 
requirements related to capital adequacy”. Details of the Alfa Banking Group’s capital adequacy as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, calculated in accordance with Basel III and based on the amounts 
derived from IFRS accounting records, are set out below: 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions except as otherwise stated) 
Common equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1) ............................................  
8,508 
7,624 
6,973 
Additional Tier 1 capital: instruments ..............................................  
903 
918 
966 
Tier 1 Capital ....................................................................................  
9,411 
8,542 
7,939 
Tier 2 Capital ....................................................................................  
937 
693 
971 
Total Capital ...................................................................................  
10,348 
9,235 
8,910 
Risk weighted assets .........................................................................  
55,290 
51,968 
48,581 
Capital adequacy ratios 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(1) ........................................................  
17,0% 
16.4% 
16.3% 
Total capital adequacy ratio(1) .........................................................  
18,7% 
17.8% 
18.3% 
 ___________________________  
Notes: 
(1) Capital as a percentage of risk weighted assets

--- Page 175 ---
166 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OTHER RATIOS OF THE ALFA BANKING GROUP 
 
As at and for 
the six months 
ended 30 June 
As at and for the year 
ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Combined Key Ratios(3) 
 
 
 
Return on equity(1) .............................................................................  
19.8% 
16.0% 
9.2% 
Return on assets(5) ............................................................................  
2.8% 
2.2% 
1.3% 
Operating expenses/operating income before credit loss allowance 
and other provisions(4) ......................................................................  
36.9% 
34.7% 
44.3% 
Credit loss allowance for loans and advances to customers/gross 
loans and advances to customers .......................................................  
2.8% 
3.4% 
3.0% 
Profitability Ratios(3) 
 
 
 
Operating expenses/net margin ..........................................................  
64.8% 
59.1% 
62.3% 
Profit/total assets(7) ...........................................................................  
2.7% 
2.2% 
1.2% 
Balance Sheet Ratios(3) .....................................................................  
 
 
 
Customer accounts/total assets(8) ......................................................  
70.8% 
70.7% 
69.7% 
Total net loans to customers/total assets(9)........................................  
68.5% 
66.7% 
65.0% 
Total equity/total assets(10) ...............................................................  
14.3% 
14.0% 
13.7% 
Liquid assets(2)/customer accounts(11) .............................................  
26.8% 
26.7% 
25.3% 
Liquid assets(2)/liabilities of up to one month(6) ..............................  
75.2% 
75.2% 
78.9% 
Capital Adequacy Ratios(3) 
 
 
 
Tier I capital adequacy ratio ..............................................................  
17.0% 
16.4% 
16.3% 
Total capital adequacy ratio ...............................................................  
18.7% 
17.8% 
18.3% 
Credit Quality Ratios(3) 
 
 
 
Overdue loans to customers/total gross loans to customers ...............  
2.9% 
3.2% 
1.9% 
Credit loss allowance for loans to customers/overdue loans to 
customers ...........................................................................................  
97.2% 
106.7% 
159.4% 
 ___________________________  
Notes:  
(1) 
Calculated as profit for the period (annualised for the six months period) divided by average equity (calculated as sum of opening and 
closing balances divided by two). 
(2) 
Liquid assets comprise cash and cash equivalents, due from other banks (with a maturity of less than one month) and financial assets at 
fair value through profit or loss and repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (with a maturity 
of less than one month) at the end of the respective reporting period.  
(3) 
Non-IFRS measures are presented because ABH Financial considers them an important supplemental measure of ABH Financial’s 
operating performance and financial position and believes they are used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in 
the evaluation of companies in ABH Financial’s industry. Non-IFRS measures have limitations, and they should not be considered in 
isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of ABH Financial’s operating results and financial position as reported under IFRS. ABH Financial 
compensates for the limitations of Non-IFRS measures by relying primarily on its IFRS operating results and using Non-IFRS measures 
only supplemental. See the ABH Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and information about ABH Financial included elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
 The Alfa Banking Group calculates its capital adequacy ratio based on Basel III.  
(4) 
Operating income equals profit before tax and before operating expenses. 
(5) 
Calculated as profit for the period (annualised for the six months period) divided by average assets (calculated as sum of related opening 
and closing balances divided by two). 
(6) 
The amount of liabilities of up to one month was extracted from the expected maturities analysis, which is based on contractual maturities 
except that part of current/settlement/demand accounts was reallocated from “demand and less than 1 month” category to baskets with 
later maturities. On the basis of past experience management believes that (i) diversification of these accounts by number and type of 
customers and (ii) constant inflow of new deposits indicate that at least these current/demand/settlement accounts would provide a long-
term and stable source of funding for the Alfa Banking Group. 
(7) 
Calculated as profit for the period (annualised for the six months period) divided by total assets as at the end of the respective reporting 
period. 
(8) 
Calculated as customer accounts as at the end of the respective reporting period divided by total assets as at the end of the respective 
period. 
(9) 
Calculated as total net loans and advances to customers as at the end of the respective reporting period divided by total assets as at the 
end of the respective reporting period. 
(10) Calculated as total equity as at the end of the reporting period divided by total assets as at the end of the respective reporting period. 
(11) Customer accounts comprised customer accounts as at the end of the respective reporting period.

--- Page 176 ---
167 
 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated in Ireland on 8 November 2005, with registered number 410510 as a public company 
with limited liability under the Companies Acts 1963-2005 of Ireland (the “Companies Acts”). The registered 
office of the Issuer is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland and phone number 
+353 1 614 6240. 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €1,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of par value €1 
each (the “Shares”). The Issuer has issued 40,000 Shares, all of which are fully paid and are held on trust by TMF 
Management (Ireland) Limited (the “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a declaration of trust (the “Declaration 
of Trust”) dated 7 December 2005, under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares on trust for charity. The Share 
Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from 
its holding of the Shares. The Share Trustee will apply any income derived from the Issuer solely for the above 
purposes. 
TMF Administration Services Limited (the “Corporate Services Provider”), an Irish company, acts as the 
corporate services provider for the Issuer. The office of the Corporate Services Provider serves as the general 
business office of the Issuer. Through the office and pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement 
entered into on 7 December 2005 between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider (the “Corporate 
Services Agreement”), the Corporate Services Provider performs various management functions on behalf of the 
Issuer, including the provision of certain clerical, reporting, accounting, administrative and other services until 
termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Services 
Provider receives various fees and other charges payable by the Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to time plus 
expenses. The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement provide that either party may terminate the Corporate 
Services Agreement upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any material breach by the other party 
of its obligations under the Corporate Services Agreement which is either incapable of remedy or which is not 
cured within 30 days from the date on which it was notified of such breach. In addition, either party may terminate 
the Corporate Services Agreement at any time by giving at least two months written notice to the other party. 
The Corporate Services Provider’s principal office is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 
1, Ireland. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set out in Article 3 of its constitution (as in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus) and permit the Issuer, amongst other things, to lend money and give credit, secured or unsecured, to 
borrow or raise money and to grant security over its property for the performance of its obligations or the payment 
of money. 
The Issuer is organised as a special purpose company. The Issuer was established to raise capital by the issue of 
debt securities and to use amounts equal to the proceeds of each such issuance to make loans to Alfa Bank. 
Since its incorporation, the Issuer has not engaged in any material activities other than those incidental to its 
registration as a public company under the Companies Acts, those related to the previous issues of loan 
participation notes where the proceeds of such issuance were lent to Alfa Bank and those related to the 
establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder. The Issuer has no employees.  
Directors and Company Secretary 
The Issuer’s Constitution provide that the Board of Directors of the Issuer will consist of at least two Directors. 
The Directors of the Issuer and their business addresses as of the date hereof are as follows: 
Raja Gul 
 
 
3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
Martin Carr  
 
3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
The directors do not hold any direct, indirect, beneficial or economic interest in any of the Shares. The directorship 
of the directors is provided as part of the Corporate Service Provider’s overall corporate administration services 
provided to the Issuer pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
The directors of the Issuer may engage in other activities and have other interests, which may conflict with the 
interests of the Issuer. 
The Company Secretary is TMF Administration Services Limited.

--- Page 177 ---
168 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020. Save for the issue of loan participation notes as aforesaid and their related arrangements, the 
Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but 
unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other 
contingent liabilities. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer publishes annual audited financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS in respect of each 
financial year ending on 31 December and has published its most recent audited financial statements in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Each year, a copy of the audited profit or loss account and balance sheet of the Issuer together with the report of 
the directors and the auditors thereon is required to be filed in the Irish Companies Registration Office within 28 
days of the annual return date of the Issuer and is available for inspection. The profit or loss account and balance 
sheet can be obtained free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer. The Issuer must hold one annual 
general meeting in each calendar year and the gap between annual general meetings must not exceed 15 months.  
The financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 were audited 
by Grant Thornton, 13-18 City Quay, Dublin 2, D02 ED70, Ireland who are chartered accountants and are members 
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland and registered auditors qualified to practice in Ireland.  
General Information 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Ireland in connection with the 
update of the Programme and the performance of its obligations in relation thereto.

--- Page 178 ---
169 
 
THE BANKING SECTOR AND BANKING REGULATION IN THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION 
Overview  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the banking sector mostly offers services related to short term and midterm 
financing due to the historical instability of the Russian lending market and the difficulty borrowers face in 
providing adequate collateral.  
According to the CBR, as at 1 July 2021, the total assets of the Russian banking sector were valued at 
approximately RUB110,171 billion, which represented an increase of 6.1 per cent., compared to 1 January 2021. 
The capital base of Russian credit organisations was valued at approximately RUB10,689 billion as at 1 July 2021. 
According to the CBR, as at 1 July 2021, the total charter capital of Russian credit organizations was RUB2,825 
billion, which represented a 0.4 per cent. increase, compared to RUB2,813 billion as at 1 January 2021. 
According to the CBR, as at 1 July 2021, the total amount of individuals’ deposits with Russian banks amounted 
to RUB32,378.2 billion (of which deposits for a period of more than one year in Roubles amounted to RUB8,901.0 
billion and deposits for a period of more than one year in foreign currencies totalled RUB3,465.0 billion), 
compared to RUB32,834.2 billion as at 1 January 2021. Corporate deposits with Russian banks as at 1 July 2021 
amounted to RUB15,958.0 billion (of which deposits in Roubles amounted to RUB10,194.7 billion and deposits 
in foreign currencies totalled RUB5,763.4 billion), compared to RUB16,6669.9 billion as at 1 January 2021.  
According to the CBR, the remaining sources of the banking sector’s funding base are debt security issues 
(primarily promissory notes) and interbank credit operations, amounting to RUB2,919.5 billion and RUB10,688.6 
billion as at 1 July 2021, respectively, compared to RUB2,666.4 billion and RUB9,905.6 billion as at 
1 January 2021, respectively.  
According to the CBR, as at 1 July 2021, the total amount of loans and other funding in Roubles provided by 
Russian banks in Roubles increased to RUB60,167.7 billion (of which loans in the amount of RUB22,674.4 billion 
was provided to retail customers, loans and other funding in the amount of RUB30,701.3 billion was provided to 
corporate customers, excluding banks and other financial institutions, and loans and other funding in the amount 
of RUB618.8 billion was provided to state financial agencies and non-budgetary funds) as compared to 
RUB55,215.6 billion as at 1 January 2021. The total amount of loans and other funding provided by Russian banks 
in foreign currencies amounted to RUB11,563.6 billion as at 1 July 2021 (of which loans and other funding in the 
amount of RUB81.8 billion was provided to retail customers, loans and other funding in the amount of 
RUB10,235.2 billion was provided to corporate customers, excluding banks and other financial institutions) as 
compared to RUB11,563.6 billion as at 1 January 2021.  
History of the Russian Banking Sector and Banking Statistics  
Under the Soviet regime, the former State Bank of the USSR, or Gosbank, (the predecessor of the CBR) allocated 
resources from the Russian Government’s budget according to the prevailing economic plan, and was in effect the 
only bank in existence. In 1987, with the relaxation of controls over companies and interbank settlements, a small 
group of dependent, specialised banks developed to conduct business relating to savings, foreign trade, 
construction, industry, agriculture and small enterprises.  
In 1988 and 1989, during the second phase of the reform, regional commercial banks (primarily in the form of 
cooperatives or joint stock companies) began to rapidly emerge (with initial capital between RUB500,000 and 
RUB300 million). By the beginning of 1992, 1,500 licences had been granted to banks.  
In 1991, three of the specialised state dependent banks were transformed into joint-stock companies and some 
regional branches became independent from their head offices through management buyouts.  
The CBR assumed all the functions of Gosbank in November 1991 and Gosbank was liquidated in December of 
that year.  
Between 1991 and 1998 the Russian banking sector experienced rapid growth. The number of commercial banks 
in Russia increased from 358 in 1990 to 2,538 in 1996. On 17 August 1998, the Russian financial market suffered 
a serious crisis in part as a result of the Asian financial crisis that began in 1997, causing major concerns over the 
liquidity and solvency of the market as a whole. In connection with the crisis, the Russian Government defaulted 
on its sovereign debt and the CBR announced a gradual devaluation of the Rouble, the imposition of a repayment 
moratorium on certain loans to foreigners and the compulsory restructuring of approximately U.S.$40 billion of 
short-term treasury instruments. Many banks went into bankruptcy or fell under the administration of the Agency 
for Restructuring of Credit Organisations (“ARCO”). However, due to the stabilisation of the Russian banking 
sector, the importance of ARCO as the administrator of credit organisations undergoing financial restructuring has 
decreased. On 18 October 2003, the last of such credit organisations was withdrawn from ARCO’s administration, 
and pursuant to Federal Law No. 87-FZ “On abolition of Federal Law “On Restructuring of Credit Organisations” 
and certain provisions of legal acts of the Russian Federation and on the liquidation procedure of state corporation

--- Page 179 ---
170 
 
“Agency for Restructuring of Credit Organisations” of 28 July 2004 (the “ARCO Liquidation Law”), ARCO 
itself was liquidated. Pursuant to the ARCO Liquidation Law and Federal Law No. 177-FZ “On Insurance of 
Deposits of Individuals in Banks in the Russian Federation” of 23 December 2003 (the “Deposit Insurance 
Law”), the assets of ARCO were transferred to the State Deposit Insurance Agency.  
Following to the 1998 financial crisis, the number of credit organisations operating in Russia fell to 1,586 by 
1 July 2004. The 1998 financial crisis revealed the lack of proper controls in the banking sector and increased 
public concerns over the integrity of the banking system, in particular, concerns regarding misleading advertising, 
money laundering and corruption.  
Further, the Russian banking sector experienced instability and a liquidity deficit in 2004 resulting from the actions 
taken by the CBR and a crisis of confidence among Russian banking customers. From May to July 2004, the CBR 
revoked banking licences of a number of Russian banks, and the resulting uncertainty in the Russian banking 
system led to the virtual collapse of the interbank lending market and to liquidity pressures for many Russian 
banks. The collapse of a number of Russian banks caused panic among depositors, and even the more reliable, 
larger banks experienced depositor withdrawals and liquidity problems as banks were unable to attract funds on 
the interbank market or from their client base. In 2004, the Russian banking sector experienced instability, which 
resulted in a crisis of confidence towards Russian banks by their customers. The CBR took effective steps to 
reverse the trend. The rate of mandatory reserves that banks were required to deposit with the CBR was temporarily 
reduced from 7 per cent. to 3.5 per cent. To implement these measures, the CBR permitted banks to immediately 
reduce their mandatory reserves. Accordingly, banks’ borrowing costs have been reduced. In addition, legislation 
was passed to combat the crisis and to minimise potential losses of private depositors. In accordance with 
amendments to Federal Law No. 86-FZ “On the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia)” dated 
10 July 2002 (the “Central Bank Law”) enacted in 2004, the CBR is required to make payments to private 
depositors of insolvent Russian banks if such banks have not been admitted to the system of private deposit 
insurance prior to their bankruptcy. The CBR is also able to impose, for the term of one year, a limit on the interest 
rates on deposits paid by banks to private depositors. In addition, banks are required to disclose certain information 
related to the interest rates on deposits, banks’ liabilities in respect of deposits and amounts of cash withdrawals 
by private depositors.  
In 2007, disclosure of effective interest rate became a precondition to grouping the loans in portfolios for the 
purposes of calculation of loss allowances (but later this provision was abolished). Since April 2008, banks are 
required to disclose all costs that may be associated with obtaining a bank loan by an individual.  
In the second half of 2008, in response to the global credit crisis and its impact on the Russian banking system and 
overall economy, the Russian authorities and the CBR introduced certain measures intended to prevent bankruptcy 
of credit organisations. These measures were taken in accordance with Federal Law No. 175-FZ “On Additional 
Measures for Strengthening the Stability of the Banking System for the Period until 31 December 2011” dated 
27 October 2008, as amended (the “Banking System Stability Law”) and decisions taken in September and 
October 2008 prior to the effective date of this law. The number of credit organisations subject to such measures 
decreased from 20 (with assets of RUB62.6 billion, or 1.6 per cent. of the total assets of Russian credit 
organisations) as at 1 January 2009 to 17 (with assets of RUB3,514.5 billion, or 4.9 per cent. of the total assets of 
Russian credit organisations) as at 1 June 2015.  
The Banking System Stability Law envisages that the State Deposit Insurance Agency will assist distressed banks 
through: (a) attracting investors for credit organisations, which are experiencing financial difficulties; and (b) 
liaising with the CBR regarding the provision of financial assistance to such credit organisations.  
The Banking System Stability Law expands the list of bankruptcy prevention measures available for Russian credit 
organisations by introducing the following additional procedures:  
 
provision of financial assistance to private investors that have agreed to acquire a controlling stake in a 
credit organisation in distress;  
 
financial assistance to other credit organisations that have agreed to acquire certain assets and obligations 
of a credit organisation in distress;  
 
acquisition of a controlling stake in a credit organisation in distress directly by the State Deposit Insurance 
Agency (if there is no investor willing to participate in rehabilitation proceedings);  
 
provision of financial assistance to a credit organisation in distress subject to acquisition of a controlling 
stake in such credit organisation by either a private investor or the State Deposit Insurance Agency;  
 
making arrangements for public sale of the assets securing obligations of a credit organisation owed to its 
creditors, including the CBR; and  
 
appointment of the State Deposit Insurance Agency by the CBR to act as temporary administrator in

--- Page 180 ---
171 
 
relation to a credit organisation. 
The decision as to whether bankruptcy prevention measures should be launched in respect of a particular credit 
organisation rests with the CBR.  
The analysis of the financial position of a credit organisation for the purpose of provision of state support to it will 
be performed by the CBR and the State Deposit Insurance Agency. Based on the results of the analysis the State 
Deposit Insurance Agency will develop a rehabilitation plan for that credit organisation which will then need to 
be approved by the CBR.  
According to the State Deposit Insurance Agency, as at 1 August 2020, the CBR and the State Deposit Insurance 
Agency have launched rehabilitation measures in respect of 16 credit organisations. For further information on 
legislative and governmental measures adopted in 2008 and 2009 in response to the global economic crisis, see 
“—Measures to Support the Liquidity and Solvency of Russian Banks and Legal Entities since October 2008”.  
Structure of the Russian Banking Sector  
The Russian banking sector consists of the CBR, credit organisations and representative offices of foreign banks. 
Credit organisations, in turn, consist of banks, which provide a wide range of banking services, and non-banking 
credit organisations, which provide only limited banking services, such as maintaining accounts and making 
payments.  
State-owned banks continue to play a key role in the development of the Russian banking sector. State owned 
banks offering retail banking services include Sberbank and VTB. Other state owned banks focus primarily on 
operations with budgetary funds and participate in the realisation of governmental programmes (for example, 
Rosselkhozbank (Russian Agricultural Bank)).  
Although it is not possible for foreign banks to directly conduct business on the Russian financial market, many 
major foreign banks have subsidiary banks in the Russian Federation. The presence of foreign owned banks in the 
Russian market is relatively limited as their activities have been restricted in order to protect the nascent Russian 
banks. Foreign owned banks must satisfy additional requirements in connection with obtaining a licence, for 
example, there must be a degree of reciprocity in the home country of the foreign bank. According to the CBR, as 
at 1 January 2021, the number of credit organisations operating in Russia with a 100 per cent. foreign participation 
amounted to 57, and with a foreign participation in the amount from 50 to 100 per cent. amounted to 15.  
Current Competitive Landscape  
The banking sector in the Russian Federation is highly fragmented and competitive. As at 1 August 2021, 
according to the CBR, there were 376 banks and non-banking credit organisations registered in the Russian 
Federation. However, at 1 August 2021, the five largest banks accounted for 64.8 per cent. of the total value of 
banking assets in the Russian Federation, and the following fourteen largest banks accounted for 22.1 per cent., 
according to the CBR.  
According to the CBR, a number of the country’s largest banks are part of financial industrial groups and as such 
undertake transactions for related parties. As at 1 July 2021, approximately 52.1 per cent. of banks operating in 
Russia were located in the Moscow region. The following table sets out market share data for the ten largest 
banking groups by total assets (according to RAR) as at 30 June 2021.  
 
Total Assets 
 
Rank 
RUB billion  
% Market(1) 
share  
(% of total) 
Sberbank............................................................................ 
1 
35,218 
33.5% 
VTB Bank.......................................................................... 
2 
18,390 
17.5% 
Gazprombank..................................................................... 
3 
7,913 
7.5% 
Alfa Bank...........................................................................  
4 
4,789 
4.5% 
Russian Agricultural bank.................................................  
5 
3,914 
3.7% 
Promsvyazbank.................................................................. 
6 
3,205 
3.0% 
Moscow Credit Bank.........................................................  
7 
3,163 
3.0% 
Otkritie Bank......................................................................  
8 
2,799 
2.7% 
Sovcombank......................................................................  
9 
1,694 
1.6% 
Raiffeisen Bank..................................................................  
10 
1,475 
1.4% 
Total (Top 10)..................................................................  
 
82,561 
78.4% 
Total .................................................................................  
 
105,275 
100% 
Source: Interfax 
(1) Market shares are calculated as a percentage of the Top 100 total amount. 
The presence of foreign-owned banks in the Russian market is relatively limited. Historically, foreign controlled

--- Page 181 ---
172 
 
banks have primarily serviced multinational firms operating within the Russian Federation and conducted inter-
bank operations. More recently, these banks have increased their presence in Russian retail banking and have 
increased their loan portfolio in several sectors of the economy. The level of foreign investment in the Russian 
banking sector remains relatively low, with foreign banks accounting for 14.4 per cent. of statutory capital as at 
1 January 2021, according to the CBR, compared to 13.90 per cent. as at 1 January 2020. 
Role of the CBR  
The CBR is the primary authority responsible for the regulation of banking institutions in Russia and also acts as 
Russia’s central bank.  
Until 2002, the CBR had been operating under the general terms of reference of Federal Law “On the Central Bank 
of the Russian Federation (the Bank of Russia)” of 2 December 1990, as amended. In 2002, this law was 
superseded by the Central Bank Law. According to the Central Bank Law, the State cannot be liable for the CBR’s 
obligations, nor can the CBR be liable for the State’s obligations unless the relevant liability has been undertaken 
or is required by law. The CBR’s property is under federal ownership.  
The CBR is legally and financially independent of the Russian Government. The CBR’s governing bodies are the 
Board of Directors and the National Banking Council, a collective management body carrying out certain 
governing functions, which were solely vested in the Board of Directors prior to adoption of the Central Bank Law 
(including, among other things, making decisions on maximum capital expenditures of the CBR, distribution of 
profits gained by the CBR, appointment of the CBR’s chief auditor, approval of the CBR’s accounting rules and 
requirements). The structure of the CBR comprises the Moscow Head Office, a number of regional branches in 
constituent entities of the Russian Federation (in some of the Russian republics the CBR’s regional branches are 
called National) and local branches. The Chairman of the CBR’s Board of Directors is appointed for a fixed term 
of five years by the State Duma (the lower chamber of the Russian Parliament), on the recommendation of the 
President, can be replaced under the same procedure, and has the right to participate in meetings of the Russian 
Government (Cabinet). The Ministers (or Deputy Ministers, as the case may be) of Finance and of Economic 
Development have the right to participate in meetings of the CBR’s Board of Directors with consultative voting 
rights. The members of the National Banking Council are appointed by the Council of Federation (the upper 
chamber of the Russian Parliament), the State Duma, the President and the Government of the Russian Federation. 
The Chairman of the CBR is a member of the National Banking Council ex officio.  
Under the Central Bank Law, the Banking Law and Federal Law No. 173-FZ “On Currency Regulation and 
Currency Control” of 10 December 2003, as amended (the “Currency Control Law”), the CBR is authorised to 
adopt implementing regulations on various banking and currency control issues. The CBR has actively used this 
authorisation in recent years, creating a detailed and extensive body of regulations.  
The Federal Service for Financial Markets (the “FSFM”) used to issue licences to banking institutions acting as 
professional participants of the Russian securities market. According to the Federal Law No. 251-FZ “On 
Amending Certain Legislative Acts of the Russian Federation in connection with the Transfer of Authorities on 
Regulation, Control and Supervision in Financial Markets”, the authorities of the FSFM were transferred to the 
CBR effective 1 September 2013. The CBR succeeded the authorities of the FSFM in regulating and overseeing, 
inter alia, activities of banks as professional participants of the securities market.  
Under current legislation, the CBR has the following major functions: 
Function 
Summary 
 
Issue of money and regulation of circulation 
The CBR is the sole issuer of Russian Rouble banknotes and 
regulates their circulation. The CBR plans and arranges for the 
printing of banknotes and the engraving of coins, establishes the 
rules for their transportation and storage and regulates over-the-
counter operations with cash. However, the CBR is prohibited 
from issuing money for purposes of budget deficit Rouble and 
foreign currency accounts of residents and non-residents in 
Russia. 
 
Licensing 
Issuance, suspension and revocation of banking licences to 
banks. 
 
Control and supervision 
Bank supervision (compliance with mandatory economic ratios 
and reserves requirements, sanctions for violations, overseeing 
banking operations); defining format requirements for 
accounting and statistical reports; fixing reporting schedules; 
appointment of temporary administration to banks; control over 
acquisition (and/or a trust management) of significant (more

--- Page 182 ---
173 
 
Function 
Summary 
 
than 1 per cent.) stakes in banks; assessment of financial 
standing of banks’ founders (shareholders/participants). 
Banking Regulation 
The Banking Law is the principal law regulating the Russian banking sector. Among other things, it defines credit 
organisations, sets forth the list of banking operations and other transactions that credit organisations may perform 
and establishes the framework for the registration and licensing of credit organisations and the regulation of 
banking activity by the CBR. 
In accordance with Federal Law No. 135-FZ “On Competition Protection” of 26 July 2006, which came into effect 
at the end of October 2006, the Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation (the “FAS”) regulates 
mergers and acquisitions of stakes in excess of 25, 50 and 75 per cent. of the total voting shares in credit 
organisations established in the form of joint stock companies, participation interests representing one third, half 
and two thirds of the charter capital of credit organisations established in the form of limited liability companies 
and acquisitions of certain shares of credit organisations’ assets or rights to determine conditions relating to their 
activities. In addition, the CBR approval is required for the acquisition of or setting up of a trust management over 
stakes in excess of 10 per cent. of total voting shares in Russian credit organisations and any subsequent increases 
of ownership/trust holding above thresholds of 25 per cent., 50 per cent. and 75 per cent. of shares or the acquisition 
of 100 per cent. of share capital. The CBR approval is valid for one year from the date of issuance, and the applicant 
may acquire any amount of shares in a credit organisation within the threshold and total acquisition price stipulated 
in such CBR approval. Where more than 1 per cent. of share capital of a bank is purchased or trust management 
over such shares is created, the CBR should be notified of such acquisition or actions. Tax authorities supervise 
tax assessments of banks. Other governmental authorities are largely inactive in relation to banks. The Association 
of Russian Banks, comprising, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, about 200 members, was established pursuant 
to the provisions of the Banking Law as a non-commercial self-regulatory organisation. It offers various types of 
technical support to its members and lobbies the interests of banks in all branches of power. Set out below are 
some of the principal features of the regulatory regime governing banks in Russia.  
Recent Amendments to the Banking Law  
In accordance with the amendments introduced by the Federal Law No. 29-FZ “On Amending Certain Legislative 
Acts of the Russian Federation” dated 14 March 2013 it is forbidden for foreign banks to establish their branches 
on the territory of the Russian Federation. Therefore, foreign banks may carry out business activity on the territory 
of the Russian Federation only by establishment of subsidiary companies or through representative offices, 
whereas branches of foreign banks were excluded from the bank system of the Russian Federation. The Regulation 
of the CBR No. 467-P dated 22 April 2015 sets for the procedure for opening representative offices of foreign 
credit organisations in the Russian Federation and for the activities thereof.  
On 2 July 2013, further amendments to the Banking Law were introduced, and are now effective, by the Federal 
Law No. 146-FZ “On Amendments to Certain Legislative Acts of the Russia Federation”. Among the most 
important, amendments provide for the following:  
 
preliminary CBR consent is required for acquisition of over 10 per cent. of shares in a Russian bank (instead 
of the previous 20 per cent. threshold);  
 
rules for qualifying a banking group (bankovskaya gruppa) and a banking holding (bankovskiy kholding) 
were changed. As opposed to the previous rules, the amendments define a banking group as an association 
of legal entities under control of a credit organisation. The definition of a banking holding was expanded: 
a bank holding is now defined as an association of legal entities, at least one of which is a credit 
organisation, under control of a parent legal entity, not a credit organisation, provided that a share of 
banking activities is at least 40 per cent. of the overall activities of this group. Rules for reporting and 
disclosure by Russian banks were also slightly clarified in connection with the above new rules; and  
 
competence of the board of directors of a Russian bank was expanded. In particular, the amendments 
authorise the board of directors to adopt risk and capital management strategy, methodology of risk 
management and models of risk assessment, the procedure for resolving of conflicts of interests in the bank, 
appoint the head of an internal audit department and adopt regulations relating to remuneration of, and 
requirements, to employees involved in operations affecting compliance with mandatory capital ratios and 
interests of clients of the bank. Therefore, such authorities may not be referred to competence of the other 
management bodies.  
In July 2015, the CBR published Order No. 3737-U “On Procedure of Determination of the List of Systemically 
Important Credit Organisations” (that was subsequently superseded by the Order No. 5778-U dated 13 April 2021)

--- Page 183 ---
174 
 
that introduced certain criteria and procedure for the preparation of a list of systemically important credit 
organisations. For the purposes of preparing this list, the CBR has taken into account, among other things, the size 
of a credit organisation in relation to the entire banking sector, the amount of retail deposits, the volume of funds 
raised from other financial institutions and the funds placed with other financial institutions. The list of 
systematically important credit organisations includes banks that account for more than three-fifths of the total 
assets of the Russian banking sector and is subject to annual review. Credit organisations are informed by the CBR 
of being included in the list. The list of Systemically Important Credit Organisations was initially published on 
15 July 2015 and updated on 20 October 2015, 30 September 2016, 13 September 2017, 5 October 2018, 
14 October 2019 and 29 October 2020. 
In December 2015 the Federal Law No. 372-FZ “On Amending Article 16 and Article 18 of the Banking Law” 
introduced additional requirements to the establishment and operations of credit organizations with foreign 
investments (investment of non-residents). 
Amendments introduced to Russian bankruptcy legislation in 2017 provide for a new type of financial 
rehabilitation of Russian banks. Such rehabilitation shall be conducted by the CBR via a specially established Fund 
for the Consolidation of the Banking Sector. This fund will play a key role in the CBR’s efforts to remove weak 
and unstable banks via consolidation and improve the overall health of the banking sector. The fund consists of 
cash contributions made by the CBR and the funds’ property is legally separated other assets owned by the CBR. 
The CBR has established a management company for purposes of managing the Fund for the Consolidation of the 
Banking Sector which will on the CBR’s behalf participate in implementing measures to prevent bankruptcy of 
credit institutions and use the property of the fund. 
Using the fund, the CBR will be able to invest in the share capital of banks undergoing financial rehabilitation in 
the course of implementing measures to prevent the bankruptcy of credit institutions. The fund’s management 
company will manage the banks undergoing financial rehabilitation by the CBR, create mutual investment funds, 
sell investment units to the CBR, carry out the functions of the temporary administration on the basis of the 
rehabilitation plan approved by the CBR. 
On 1 May 2017, Federal Law No. 92-FZ “On Amendments to Certain Legislative Acts of the Russian Federation”, 
effective from 1 June 2017, introduced a set of structural amendments to the banking regulation. In particular, the 
amendments provide that Russian banks divide into two groups: the banks having general license and the banks 
having basic license. A bank having basic license is unable to perform certain kinds of banking operations with 
foreign persons, such as placing of funds deposited with it by individuals and legal entities on its behalf and for its 
own account, taking precious metals as deposits and placing them, issuing bank guarantees or acting as a surety, 
leasing operations, acquiring claims against foreign persons, as well as to open a correspondent account with a 
foreign bank, save for the purposes of participating in foreign payment systems. Furthermore, the amendments 
provide for RUB1 billion as a minimum amount of charter and regulatory capital of a bank having general license 
and RUB300 million as a minimum amount of a charter capital and equity of a bank having basic license. The 
amendments also regulate a procedure of acquiring the status of a bank having general license. 
On 29 July 2017, Federal Law No. 281-FZ “On Amendments to Certain Legislative Acts of the Russian Federation 
Relating to Improvement of Mandatory Requirements for Incorporators (Shareholders), Management Bodies and 
Officers of Financial Organisations”, effective from 28 January 2018, introduced a new set of amendments to the 
Banking Law. In particular, the amendments refine qualification and reputational requirements for senior officers 
of a credit organization and reputational requirements for its shareholders (or potential shareholders) or controlling 
persons (or its shareholders’ controlling persons). The amendments also improve the procedure and grounds for 
refusal to grant approval of a transaction relating to the shares in a credit organisation.  
In June 2018, Federal Law № 123-FZ “On authorized entity for the rights of consumers of financial services” 
introduced new institution of financial ombudsman that considers the claims of customers against the financial 
institutions during the pretrial proceedings. Introduction of financial ombudsman is due to significant increase of 
claims of customers against banks and other credit institutions. 
Licensing  
A licence must be obtained from the CBR in order for any institution to engage in banking activity as defined in 
the Banking Law. Applicants must be incorporated within Russia and registered with the CBR as a credit 
organisation, and submit, inter alia, a feasibility report and detailed information on the suitability of the applicant’s 
management team. A banking licence may be denied for a number of reasons, including if the financial standing 
of the founders of the bank is deemed by the CBR to be unsatisfactory or if the proposed candidates for the senior 
management of the bank, including members of the management board and the chief executive officer, are deemed 
to be unsuitable or do not meet the qualification requirements.

--- Page 184 ---
175 
 
Additional requirements have been introduced for obtaining a licence for taking deposits from individuals. The 
licence could be granted to a bank being a member of the Deposit Insurance System existing for more than two 
years from the date of its registration. Such requirement may be dispensed with if (a) the charter capital of a newly 
established bank or the regulatory capital of a bank is not less than RUB3,600 million, and (b) the bank complies 
with the CBR’s requirement to publicly disclose all information relating to persons having significant influence 
over decisions made by the bank’s management bodies.  
Pursuant to the Banking Law, a bank’s licence may be revoked by the CBR if, inter alia: (a) the information upon 
which the licence has been issued is untrue and misleading; (b) the bank delays the commencement of its operations 
for more than one year from the issue of the licence; (c) reporting statements submitted by the bank turn out to be 
materially untrue and misleading; (d) the bank delays submission of its monthly reports to the CBR for more than 
15 days; (e) the bank conducts banking operations (or a single operation) not permitted by its licence; (f) the bank’s 
activities do not comply with Russian banking or anti-money laundering legislation or regulations of the CBR and 
the bank has been subject to sanctions for such breaches/non-compliance before that; (g) multiple failures, whether 
intentionally or by negligence, to carry out bailiffs orders requiring seizure of funds in customer accounts; (h) in 
cases of insolvency, the revocation of the banking licence is requested by the temporary administration appointed 
to the bank; (i) the bank repeatedly fails to submit updated information required to be reflected in the Unified State 
Register of Legal Entities and Entrepreneurs in the Russian Federation; (j) a bank involved in mortgage-backed 
asset management operations does not comply with Russian mortgage-backed securities legislation and the bank 
has been subject to sanctions for such breaches/non-compliance before that; or (k) multiple failures within a year 
to comply with Russian anti-money laundering or insider trading laws and regulations.  
The CBR must revoke a bank’s licence if, inter alia: (a) its capital adequacy ratio falls below 2 per cent.; (b) its 
regulatory capital is less than its minimal charter capital as set by the CBR; (c) the bank fails to adjust its charter 
capital to its regulatory capital according to CBR requirements within 45 days of the CBR notification; (d) the 
bank fails to satisfy the claims of its creditors or make mandatory payments (for example, taxes and duties) 
amounting to an aggregate minimum of RUB100,000 within 14 days of their maturity; (e) the amount of the bank’s 
regulatory capital is less than a certain statutory threshold during a certain defined period of time; or (f) the bank 
fails to meet requirements related to either basic or universal licence and transferring from one type of the licence 
to another.  
Regulation of Capital  
Basel Implementation in Russia 
Over the recent years, the CBR, in cooperation with Russian banks, has started preparing the implementation of 
international approaches of capital adequacy of credit organisations under Basel II as issued by the Basel 
Committee. Currently, the standardised approach for credit risks of Basel II as set forth in Pillar 1 “Minimum 
Capital Requirements”, is being applied in Russia. CBR Letter No. 96-T of 29 June 2011 issued as part of 
introducing Pillar 2 “Supervisory Review Process” (the “Methodical Recommendations”) recommends credit 
organisations to elaborate and use the respective internal procedures for capital adequacy assessment which should 
comprise the process of assessment by a credit organisation of adequacy of its own capital, i.e. its internal capital 
to cover accepted and potential risks, as well as constitute a part of such credit organisation’s corporate culture.  
Basel III Regulation 
The implementation of Basel III in Russia is scheduled as follows: (1) requirements for capital between 2013 and 
2015, (2) capital conservation buffer within 2016 and 2018, (3) leverage ratio starting from 1 January 2018, (4) 
liquidity coverage ratio commencing from 1 January 2015, and (5) net stable funding ratio starting from 
1 January 2018. 
From 1 January 2014, Regulation No. 395-P is fully applied by Russian banks for the purposes of calculating their 
own funds (capital). Regulation No. 395-P provides for the following two types of subordinated debt instruments 
that may qualify for inclusion into bank regulatory capital if they meet the requirements set out in Regulation 
No. 395-P: (a) perpetual and certain long-term subordinated debt instruments; and (b) plain subordinated debt 
instruments. 
Regulation No. 395-P has been phased in gradually during the period from 1 January 2014 until 1 January 2018 
as described below. CBR’s Regulation No. 4098-U provided further clarification on the provisions of Regulation 
No. 395-P, and introduced additional requirements and methodology for formation of a bank’s capital. Most 
recently, Regulation No. 395-P was superseded by Regulation No. 646-P, introducing certain amendments aimed 
at enhancing the quality of Russian banks’ capital sources. Regulation No. 646-P entered into force on 
29 September 2018 and remains in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 185 ---
176 
 
New Classification of Capital Under Regulation No. 646-P 
Regulation No. 646-P distinguishes between core capital (osnovnoi kapital) (“Tier 1 capital”) and supplemental 
capital (“Tier 2 capital”) (dopolnitennyi kapital) (together, “own funds” or “regulatory capital”). Tier 1 capital 
is further divided into base capital (“Base Tier 1 capital”) (bazovyi kapital) and additional capital (“Additional 
Tier 1 capital”) (dobavochnyi kapital). Pursuant to Regulation No. 646-P, the own funds (capital) of Russian 
banks is determined as the amount of its Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital less certain items listed in Regulation 
No. 646-P. Regulation No. 646-P became effective on 28 September 2018.  
Subordinated Debt  
Prior to the enactment of Regulation No. 646-P, Russian banks’ capital calculations used, among other things, in 
CBR mandatory ratio reporting, as well as requirements for subordinated debt to qualify as part of a bank’s capital, 
were primarily set out in CBR Regulation No. 395-P “On the method of determination of own funds (capital) of 
credit organisations (“Basel III”)” dated 28 December 2012, as amended. 
Regulation No. 646-P sets out requirements for subordinated financings (in the form of a loan, a deposit or debt 
securities) which may be included in additional Tier 1 capital and those which may be included in Tier 2 capital 
of a credit organisation. In addition, Regulation No. 646-P sets out the concept of conversion of subordinated debt 
into equity (while retaining the concept of writedown and cancellation of subordinated debt instruments), which 
features have been derived from the Basel III regulations. 
Regulation No. 646-P sets out, inter alia, the following requirements for subordinated debt to qualify as part of a 
bank’s Tier 2 capital:  
 
the agreement must provide that, if the bank’s CET 1 ratio (defined as a ratio of the bank’s adjusted base 
capital to its risk-weighted assets) falls below 2 per cent. for six or more operational days within a 30-day 
period, or the State Deposit Insurance Agency (or the CBR) implements bankruptcy prevention measures 
consisting of financial assistance provided pursuant to the Insolvency Law; 
 
the subordinated debt shall be converted into the bank’s ordinary shares; and (or) 
 
the accrued interest shall be fully or partially cancelled; and  
 
a partial or full write down of the principal amount of such debt (and any applicable financial sanctions) 
shall occur; 
(the “Write Down Measures”). 
Regulation No. 646-P does not establish any limitations on the amount of subordinated debt which could be 
counted towards Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital. 
Subordinated debt may also be included into a bank’s Tier 1 capital, if it meets certain requirements in addition to 
those applicable for subordinated debt qualifying as part of Tier 2 capital. In particular, such debt must be perpetual 
under Regulation No. 646-P and in each case provide for implementation of the Write Down Measures in case the 
CET 1 ratio falls below 5.125 per cent. In addition, Tier 1 capital subordinated debt must allow the credit 
organisation to unilaterally repudiate payment of interest under such debt.  
If the CET 1 ratio was breached due to losses, such losses may only be covered by the Write Down Measures after 
utilization of other sources of base capital (including reserve funds and undistributed profit) to remedy such losses. 
Regulation No. 646-P sets out certain other requirements for subordination debt, including, inter alia: (a) a right 
of a bank to repay a subordinated loan using Russian federal bonds; (b) ability of a bank to include subordinated 
loans with no defined repayment term or subordinated bonds with no defined repayment term into the calculation 
of a bank’s additional Tier 1 capital; (c) maximum interest rate for Rouble-denominated instruments and for 
foreign currency–denominated instruments shall not exceed 15 per cent. and 10 per cent., respectively; (d) ability 
of the CBR to require a bank to convert its subordinated debt instrument into its equity to bring the bank’s CET 1 
ratio up to 5.125 per cent. if the bank’s CET 1 ratio falls below 5.125 per cent. for six or more business days within 
a 30-day period, or the State Deposit Insurance Agency (or the CBR) implements bankruptcy prevention measures 
consisting of financial assistance pursuant to Insolvency Law. 
In December 2018, the Federal Law N 514-FZ amended the Banking Law in respect of the requirements for 
investing in subordinated debt. As a result of these amendments, subordinated debts in the form of bonds can only 
be acquired by qualified investors and the nominal value of one subordinated bond cannot be less than RUB ten 
million. 
In addition, under Article 25.1 of the Banking Law, implementation by the CBR’s Board of Directors of a plan of 
measures aimed at bankruptcy prevention with the participation of the CBR or the approval by the CBR’s Banking

--- Page 186 ---
177 
 
Supervision Committee of a plan of implementation of anti-bankruptcy measures by the State Deposit Insurance 
Agency can also trigger the writedown or conversion of subordinated debt. 
Regulation No. 646-P broadened the list of grounds allowing CBR to withhold consent to early repayment of 
subordinated debt, and introduced additional grounds for the writedown or conversion of subordinated debt of 
banks holding basic licenses and non-banking credit origanisations. 
Mandatory Economic Ratios  
CBR Instruction No. 199-I “On Mandatory ratios and Capital Buffers to Capital Adequacy Ratios of Banks with 
Universal License” dated 29 November 2019 (the “Mandatory Economic Ratios Instruction”) establishes 
mandatory economic ratios for banks. 
The following table sets forth the mandatory economic ratios that banks must observe on a daily basis and 
periodically report to the CBR. Unless stated otherwise, such ratios are calculated on the basis of RAR, as 
formulated by applicable Russian laws and CBR regulations. 
As mentioned above, a bank’s capital base consists of core capital and supplemental capital. Core capital consists 
of base capital and additional capital and includes, among other items, charter capital, share premium, retained 
earnings and certain reserve funds. Supplemental capital includes, among other items, reserves for asset 
revaluations, reserves for loan losses, certain preferred shares and subordinated debt. 
Mandatory Economic Ratio 
Description 
CBR Mandatory Economic Ratio 
Requirements 
Adequacy ratios 
These ratios are intended to limit the risk of a 
bank’s insolvency and to establish the minimum 
size of the bank’s capital base necessary to cover 
credit, operational and market risks. Adequacy 
ratios include capital adequacy ratio (N1.0), 
common equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio 
(N1.1) and Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio (N1.2). 
 
Capital adequacy ratio (N1.0) 
This ratio is formulated as a ratio of a bank’s 
capital base (calculated in accordance with 
Regulation No. 646-P) to: (i) credit risk on on-
balance sheet assets, (ii) credit risk on off-
balance sheet items, (iii) credit risk on 
derivatives, (iv) charge for potential losses as a 
result of deterioration of creditworthiness of 
counterparty, (v) operational risk and (vi) market 
risk. 
Minimum 8 per cent.  
Common equity tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio (N1.1) 
This ratio is formulated as a ratio of a bank’s 
common equity tier 1 capital (calculated in 
accordance with Regulation No. 646-P) to: (i) 
credit risk on on-balance sheet assets, (ii) credit 
risk on off-balance sheet items, (iii) credit risk on 
derivatives, (iv) charge for potential losses as a 
result of deterioration of creditworthiness of 
counterparty, (v) operational risk and (vi) market 
risk. 
Minimum 4.5 per cent.  
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio 
(N1.2) 
This ratio is formulated as a ratio of a bank’s tier 
1 capital (calculated in accordance with 
Regulation No. 646-P) to: (i) credit risk on on-
balance sheet assets, (ii) credit risk on off-
balance sheet items, (iii) credit risk on 
derivatives, (iv) charge for potential losses as a 
result of deterioration of creditworthiness of 
counterparty, (v) operational risk and (vi) market 
risk. 
Minimum 6 per cent.  
Instant liquidity ratio (N2) 
This ratio is intended to limit the bank’s liquidity 
risk during one operational day. It is defined as 
the minimum ratio of a bank’s highly liquid 
assets to its liabilities payable on demand. 
Minimum 15 per cent.

--- Page 187 ---
178 
 
Mandatory Economic Ratio 
Description 
CBR Mandatory Economic Ratio 
Requirements 
Current liquidity ratio (N3) 
This ratio is intended to limit the bank’s liquidity 
risk during 30 calendar days preceding the date 
of the calculation of this ratio. It is defined as the 
minimum ratio of a bank’s liquid assets to its 
liabilities payable on demand and liabilities with 
terms of up to 30 calendar days. 
Minimum 50 per cent. 
Long-term liquidity ratio (N4) 
This ratio is intended to limit the bank’s liquidity 
risk from placement of funds into long-term 
assets. It is defined as the maximum ratio of the 
bank’s credit claims maturing in more than one 
year to the sum of its capital base and liabilities 
maturing in more than one year. 
Maximum 120 per cent. 
Maximum exposure to a single 
borrower or a group of related 
borrowers (N6) 
This ratio is intended to limit the credit exposure 
of a bank to one borrower or a group of related 
borrowers (defined as persons who belong to the 
same banking holding, are close relatives, or 
persons who can directly or indirectly materially 
influence the decisions of corporate borrowers). 
It is defined as the maximum ratio of the 
aggregate amount of the banks various credit 
claims to a borrower (or a group of related 
borrowers) to its capital base. The CBR issued 
Letter No. 106-T dated 10 September 2004, as 
amended recommending that Russian banks 
implement an exposure limit for economically 
related borrowers. Under this letter, borrowers 
are “economically related” if a decline in the 
financial condition of one borrower affects or 
may affect the financial condition of the other 
borrower; and may result in such other borrowers 
inability to perform its obligations to the bank 
(e.g., if the borrower is simultaneously a creditor 
of a bank and a debtor to another creditor of the 
bank). This letter was superceeded by Mandatory 
Economic Ratios Instruction, which also 
provides criteria of 
economically 
related 
borrows. Under this letter, economically related 
borrowers 
include 
economically 
related 
borrowers in the meaning of Article 64 of the 
Federal Law “On the Central Bank” dated 
29 December 2014 as well as borrowers which 
are close raltives. However, the limit has not 
been officially introduced yet. 
Maximum 25 per cent. 
Maximum amount of major 
credit risks (N7) 
This ratio is intended to limit the aggregate 
amount of a bank’s major credit risks (defined in 
the Banking Law as the sum of loans to, and 
guarantees or sureties in respect of, clients with 
exposure exceeding 5 per cent., of a bank’s 
capital base). It is defined as the maximum ratio 
of the aggregate amount of major credit risks to 
a bank’s capital base. 
Maximum 800 per cent. 
Ratio for the use of the bank’s 
capital base to acquire shares 
(participation 
interests) 
in 
other legal entities (N12) 
This ratio is intended to limit the aggregate risk 
of banks investments in shares (participation 
interests) of other legal entities. It is defined as 
the maximum ratio of the banks investments in 
shares (participation interests) of other legal 
entities to its capital base. 
Maximum 25 per cent. 
Maximum 
amount 
of 
an 
exposure of a bank’s related 
person 
(group 
of 
related 
This ratio is defined as the maximum ratio of the 
aggregate amount of the obligations of a bank’s 
related person (or a group of related persons), 
whether to a bank or to other party, giving rise to 
Maximum 20 per cent.

--- Page 188 ---
179 
 
Mandatory Economic Ratio 
Description 
CBR Mandatory Economic Ratio 
Requirements 
persons) (N25) 
a bank’s claim against such person (or group of 
persons) to a capital base of a bank. 
Minimum ratio of mortgage 
coverage to the amount of 
mortgage-backed 
bonds 
(N18) 
This ratio regulates (limits) the credit risk of 
credit institutions issuing mortgage-backed 
bonds by determining the minimum ratio of 
mortgage coverage to the amount of 
mortgage-backed bonds. 
Minimum 100 per cent. 
In addition to mandatory economic ratio requirements the CBR set out three capital buffers to the common equity: 
(a) capital conservation buffer; (b) countercyclical buffer and (c) additional capital buffer for systemically 
important credit organisations. The capital conservation buffer applies to all credit institutions and has been set at 
0.625 per cent. of risk-weighted assets starting from 1 January 2016 was increased each subsequent year by an 
additional 0.625 per cent. and reached 2.5 per cent. on 1 January 2019.  
The CBR has set a minimum allowed countercyclical buffer at 25 per cent. of the weighted average of 
countercyclical buffers set in all jurisdictions to which the bank has credit and market exposure (calculated in 
accordance with applicable CBR rules) starting from 1 January 2016 and gradually increased each year to reach 
100 per cent. in 2019. The level of the applicable countercyclical buffer for the Russian banks is determined by 
the CBR and as at the date of this Base Prospectus set at zero per cent. of risk-weighted assets.  
The systemically important credit organisations are subject to an additional capital buffer of 0.15 per cent. of risk-
weighted assets starting from 1 January 2016 with subsequent increased each year to reach 1 per cent. on 
1 January 2019. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the level of additional capital buffer of the systemically 
important credit organisations is set at 1 per cent. 
Instruction 199-I establishes five groups of assets and risk weighting coefficients for each of such group: (i) 0 per 
cent. for the assets classified in the I group; (ii) 20 per cent. for the assets classified in the II group; (iii) 50 per 
cent. for the assets classified in the III group; (iv) 100 per cent. for the assets classified in the IV group; and (v) 
150 per cent. for the assets classified in the V group. Such risk weighting coefficients represent percentage of the 
asset value which is to be accounted included in the bank’s risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating the 
bank’s capital adequacy ratios and can be increased by buffers prescribed by the CBR with respect to certain 
classes of assets, including consumer loans.  
In December 2018, the CBR published new risk weighting coefficients for new loans granted by Russian banks 
on or after 1 April 2019 as a result of which the risk weighting coefficients were increased (i) from 120 per cent. 
to 150 per cent. for loans with annual effective interest rates calculated based on CBR requirements ranging from 
10 per cent. to 15 per cent., (ii) from 140 per cent. to 170 per cent. for loans with annual effective interest rates 
ranging from 15 per cent. to 20 per cent., (iii) from 170 per cent. to 200 per cent. for loans with annual effective 
interest rates ranging from 20 per cent. to 25 per cent. and (iv) from 200 per cent. to 230 per cent. for loans with 
annual effective interest rates ranging from 25 per cent. to 30 per cent.  
In addition, the Banking Law imposes restrictions on banks regarding the payment of dividends, investments in 
companies and certain other actions if such actions may result in breach of the capital conservation buffer 
established by the applicable CBR regulations.  
Exposure Concetration Ratio 
From 1 January 2019, the CBR started to gradually introduce into the Russian banking regulation the provisions 
of the Basel Committee’s Supervisory Framework for Measuring and Controlling Large Exposures (the “Large 
Exposures Framework”) adopted in April 2014. The provisions of the Large Exposures Framework are expected 
to be implemented in respect of systemically important credit organisations.  
The CBR currently plans to implement the Large Exposures Framework in several stages. In the course of Stage 
1 (took place during 2019), the CBR set the ratio of maximum concentration of exposure per borrower or group 
of related borrowers (PKC6.1), which systemically important banks are obliged to calculate and report starting 
from 1 January 2019.  
During Stage 2, based on the results of monitoring of the above indicator, the CBR will take a decision regarding 
the terms and specifics for setting PKC6.1 as a mandatory exposure concentration ratio. 
The PKC6.1 ratio is calculated based on the respective bank’s Tier 1 capital. All of the bank’s exposures to a 
borrower (a group of related borrowers), contingent credit obligations and derivatives are included in the 
calculation not weighted by risk level, minus provisions for possible losses. The credit exposure calculation does

--- Page 189 ---
180 
 
not include, inter alia, claims on central banks and governments (including the Government of the Russian 
Federation), constituent entities and municipalities of the Russian Federation, and claims guaranteed or secured 
with debt securities issued by such counterparties. 
Nevertheless, on 27 March 2020 BCBS have decided to defer for one year — until 1 January 2023 — deadlines 
for implementation of changes to the Basel III framework, of updated requirements for market risk management 
and of Pillar 3 disclosure requirements. 
Charter Capital Requirements  
The Banking Law sets out the minimum charter capital for newly-established banks in Russia the amount of RUB1 
billion for a bank having general license and RUB300 million for a bank having basic license.  
Further, pursuant to the Banking Law, the minimum regulatory capital amounts to RUB1 billion for banks applying 
for a status of a bank having general licence and to RUB300 million for banks applying for a status of a bank 
having basic licence.  
Financial stability of the shareholders  
In accordance with the Banking Law, the financial position of the shareholders which own more than 10 per cent. 
of the share capital or exercise control over the credit institution must comply with certain requirements set out in 
the Regulation No. 626-P “On the Assessment of, and Requirements for, Financial Standing, Grounds for 
Recognising Financial Standing as Unsatisfactory with Regard to the Founders (Participants in) of a Credit 
Institution and other Persons Specified by Federal Law No. 281-FZ, Dated 29 July 2017 ‘On Amending Certain 
Laws of the Russian Federation with Regard to Improving Mandatory Requirements for Financial Institutions’ 
Founders (Participants), Management Bodies and Officials” dated 28 December 2017 (“Regulation 626-P”), 
including requirements for net assets and financial statements. In case of non-compliance with such requirements 
the CBR may issue an order requiring to rectify the violation or to decrease the share of such shareholder down to 
10 per cent. From the date of the publication of the order and until the date of publication of the information on its 
withdrawal (after the requirements are fulfilled) voting rights of such shareholder at the shareholders meeting shall 
be limited by its 10 per cent. share. If such shareholder does not fulfil the requirements provided in the CBR’s 
order within 90 days, the CBR may seek mandatory decrease of the share of such shareholder down to 10 per cent. 
through court.  
Reporting Requirements  
Russian banks must regularly submit balance sheets to the CBR, together with financial statements showing their 
actual respective financial positions. They must also inform the CBR in respect of providing large loans (exceeding 
5 per cent. of a bank’s capital). Banking groups (namely alliances of the legal entities in which one bank directly 
or indirectly controls decisions of the governing bodies of other legal entities within the alliance) and consolidated 
groups (namely alliances of legal entities in which one bank, directly or indirectly, is controlled by a non-banking 
entity) must regularly submit consolidated accounts to the CBR. The CBR may at any time carry out full or 
selective checks of a bank’s submissions, and may inspect all books and records of the bank. In addition, annual 
audits must be carried out by an audit company that is a member of a self-regulatory organisation of auditors. 
Starting from 2004, all credit organisations in Russia have been required to prepare financial statements according 
to both RAR and IFRS. Banks must file IFRS standalone and audited consolidated annual accounts with the CBR 
on an annual basis.  
Mandatory Reserve Deposit Requirements  
To cover loan losses and currency, interest and financial risks, the CBR requires banks to form mandatory reserve 
deposits and keep them in designated non-interest bearing accounts with the CBR. Particular reserve requirements 
are set by the Board of Directors of the CBR from time to time. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, banks are 
required to post compulsory reserves to be held on non-interest bearing accounts with the CBR. From 
1 October 2021 mandatory reserves applicable to credit organisations with universal licence amounted to 4.5% 
(1.00% for banks with a basic license) and 8.00% for the banks’ obligations to individuals in Roubles and foreign 
currency, respectively, and to 4.75% (1.00% for banks with a basic licence) or 8.00% for the banks’ obligations to 
non-resident legal entities in Roubles and foreign currency, respectively.  
The mandatory reserves are calculated by banks in accordance with CBR Regulation No. 507-P dated 
1 December 2015 and Regulation No. 5158-U dated 31 May 2019 (the “Reserves Regulations”). The Reserves 
Regulations require the banks to promptly report to the CBR and its regional units at the end of each calendar 
month with calculation of reserves and to promptly post additional reserves, if necessary. The CBR and its regional 
units have a right to conduct unscheduled audits of credit organisations to monitor their compliance with the 
reserve rules. The Reserves Regulations do not require the creation of reserves for certain long-term borrowings,

--- Page 190 ---
181 
 
although it requires posting of reserves for obligations to non-resident banks. If a bank does not comply with the 
mandatory cash balance requirements, the CBR may impose a fine and directly debit the bank’s correspondent 
account with the CBR in respect of the shortfall in reserve amounts.  
Credit loss allowance  
The CBR established certain rules concerning the creation of loan impairment provisions for loans extended by 
banks. Since 14 July 2017, Russian credit organisations are required to calculate and establish their loan 
impairment provisions in accordance with Regulation No. 590-P “On the Procedure for Making Provisions for 
Possible Losses on Loans and Similar Indebtedness by Credit Organisations” dated 28 June 2017, as amended 
(“Regulation No. 590-P”). The Regulation No. 590-P introduced a number of rules, which purport to make loan 
impairment credit loss allowance compliant with the BIS requirements. In particular, it requires credit 
organisations to rank their loans into five categories. The range of loans that must be provided for includes assigned 
rights under contracts, financial leasing operations, mortgages acquired in the secondary market and various other 
operations. It has been established that loans classified as Category I loans (standard loans) do not need provisions. 
In addition, credit organisations will be required to classify their loan security into three groups on the basis of its 
quality (taking into account the borrower’s financial position and debt servicing level).  
Pursuant to Regulation No. 590-P, the debt servicing level of a loan to a legal entity is considered to be good if the 
aggregate loan or interest repayment arrear does not exceed 5 days (in respect of loans granted to legal entities) 
and 30 days (in respect of loans granted to individuals) for the last 180 calendar days. The debt servicing level of 
a loan to a legal entity is considered to be bad in cases if, inter alia, the aggregate loan or interest repayment arrear 
exceed 30 days (in respect of loans granted to legal entities) and 60 days (in respect of loans granted to individuals) 
for the last 180 calendar days. In addition, restructuring of a loan (including change of the loan nominal currency 
and time periods for repayment of the loan and interest) may affect the debt servicing level. Loans should be 
classified on the basis of professional judgment by the credit organisation taking into account the borrower’s 
financial standing and debt servicing level. The credit organisation must evaluate at its discretion the borrowers 
financial standing and debt servicing level as good, average or bad. Regulation No. 590-P sets forth the relevant 
tests to be applied towards a particular loan and borrower. Additionally, credit organisations must classify loan 
collateral into two categories on the basis of its quality. 
Provisions for loan losses are calculated at the end of each calendar month. Such provisions only cover losses 
relating to the principal amount of loans and exclude interest and any discount. The CBR and its regional branches 
may audit banks compliance with requirements relating to provisions for loan losses and verify the correctness of 
calculations in respect of such provisions.  
The CBR also established rules concerning creation of provisions for loans other than loan impairment, which may 
include losses from investments in securities, funds held in correspondent accounts of other banks, contingent 
liabilities, forward contracts and other transactions. CBR Instruction No. 611-P of 23 October 2017 requires banks 
to rank such assets and operations into five categories of quality reflecting the following situations: (i) no real or 
potential threat of losses; (ii) moderate potential threat of losses; (iii) serious potential or moderate real threat of 
losses; (iv) simultaneous potential and moderate real threat of losses or material real threat of partial losses; and 
(v) value of particular type of asset or operation is going to be lost completely. Banks are then required to provide 
for each type of asset or operation in the amounts corresponding to the amounts of possible losses but within the 
following framework established by the CBR for each risk group indicated above, respectively: (i) 0 per cent.; (ii) 
1 per cent. to 20 per cent.; (iii) 21 per cent. to 50 per cent.; (iv) 51 per cent. to 100 per cent.; and (v) 100 per 
cent. The CBR and its regional units are responsible for monitoring bank compliance with these rules.  
Pursuant to the CBR Directive No. 1584-U of 22 June 2005, mandatory provisions must also be created for 
operations with residents of certain off-shore jurisdictions in the amount of 25 per cent. or 50 per cent. depending 
on the jurisdictions involved. In 2017, the CBR introduced amendments to its regulations describing further 
developments in the approach to credit loss allowance of loans and advances to customers under RAR. The 
documents came into effect on 1 January 2019. According to these amendments, RAR provisions are accounted 
for and calculated based on the principles of IFRS 9 “Financial instruments”. 
Regulation of Currency Exposure  
In CBR Instruction No. 178-I “On the Establishment of the Amounts (Limits) of the Open Currency Positions, on 
the Methods of their calculation and Particularities of Lending Organisations’ Control and Compliance therewith” 
of 28 December 2016, the CBR established rules regarding exposure of banks to foreign currency and precious 
metals (collectively, “currency exposure”), as well as controls over such exposure. Currency exposure is 
calculated with respect to net amounts of balance sheet positions, spot market positions, forward positions, option 
positions and positions under guarantees, suretyships and letters of credit. Open currency position is calculated as 
the sum of all these net amounts. Such exposure is calculated for each currency and each precious metal, and then

--- Page 191 ---
182 
 
recalculated into Roubles in accordance with the official exchange rates and CBR’s prices for precious metals.  
The CBR established that at the end of each operation day the total amount of all long or short currency positions 
should not exceed 20 per cent. of a bank’s capital base. At the same time, at the end of each operation day the long 
or short positions with respect to one particular currency or precious metal should not exceed 10 per cent. of a 
bank’s capital base.  
Accounting Practices  
The CBR has established a standard format for the presentation of a bank’s accounts and instructions on how 
transactions are recorded within the accounts. It requires the preparation of financial statements and other accounts 
in accordance with CBR Regulation No. 579-P of 27 February 2017, Directive of the CBR No. 2851-U “On the 
procedure for the filling in of and delivery of reporting statements to the CBR” of 16 July 2012. Despite certain 
differences, such financial statements represent an approximation to IFRS.  
Pursuant to CBR Regulation No. 3580-U dated 16 January 2013, as amended, credit organisations are required to 
file with the CBR their audited annual and semi-annual financial statements, as well as the information as to 
contents, method, time and place of disclosure of these statements.  
Starting from 1 January 2004, all credit organisations are also required to prepare their accounting reports in 
accordance with IFRS and those reports should be audited.  
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation  
Russia, as a member of the FATF, has developed and enacted certain anti-money laundering legislation. The Anti-
Money Laundering Law follows the FATF Forty Recommendations and the FATF Special Recommendations on 
Terrorist Financing and provides for measures to combat money laundering in Russia to be implemented by 
individuals and organisations, including Russian banking institutions, involved in transactions with money and 
certain property. Pursuant to the Anti-Money Laundering Law, Russian banks are obligated to, inter alia: (1) 
establish and maintain systems of internal control ensuring that the bank and its clients are in compliance with 
Russian anti-money laundering legislation; (2) monitor and record certain client transactions, as specified in the 
Anti-Money Laundering Law; and (3) report certain client transactions specified by the Anti-Money Laundering 
Law to the relevant Russia authorities. Furthermore, in certain cases Russian banks must suspend client 
transactions and inform the relevant Russian authorities. The current Anti-Money Laundering Law does not permit 
banks to suspend or freeze client transactions for longer than five business days unless extended by the authorised 
body to a longer period.  
The Federal Service on Financial Monitoring is the main governmental authority acting as a financial intelligence 
unit, and, together with the CBR, exercises control over banks’ compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering Law. 
Russian banks are obligated to report through the CBR to the Federal Services on Financial Monitoring with 
respect to the types of transactions mentioned above.  
Failure by Russian banks and/or their officers to comply with the requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering 
Law may result in the imposition of sanctions, including the revocation of a banking licence (with a subsequent 
liquidation of the bank) and criminal penalties for individuals.  
On 30 June 2013, several amendments to the Anti-Money Laundering Law came into force. They were introduced 
by the Federal Law No. 134-FZ “Amending Certain Legislative Acts of the Russian Federation on the Counter 
Measures on Illegal Financial Operations” dated 28 June 2013. These amendments, among other things:  
 
introduced the definition of the “beneficiary owner” to the Anti-Money Laundering Law in order to extend 
the scope of client identification procedure;  
 
set forth the obligation for the clients to provide all necessary information on their beneficiary owners to 
banks (for the banks to comply with the provisions of the Anti-Money Laundering Law);  
 
set forth the obligation for the banks to take reasonable steps for preliminary identification of the clients’ 
reputation, financial position and objectives of the business activity;  
 
set forth the obligation for the banks to freeze monetary funds and other assets of individuals and legal 
entities under certain circumstances; and  
 
for additional measures against financing terrorism.  
One more set of amendments to the Anti-Money Laundering Law was adopted by the Federal Law No. 424-FZ 
“On amending the Anti-Money Laundering Law” dated 30 December 2015. This new law has extended the 
definition of the “client” to include concept of a “foreign structure without incorporation of a legal entity” which 
means a structure (such as fund, trust or partnership) entitled by law to do business without being a body corporate.

--- Page 192 ---
183 
 
According to these amendments credit organisations are required to verify certain information related to the foreign 
structure.  
In April 2018, new amendments to the Anti-Money-Laundering Law were adopted. These amendments established 
the obligation of audit organisations and individual auditors to notify the Rosfinmonitoring of any reason to believe 
that transactions of the audited entity could or may be carried out in order to legalise proceeds from crime. Also, 
the amendments introduced the concept of “personal account” and established the legal regime for its use. 
Financial Consumer Protection  
Financial consumer protection is generally based on the Federal Law No. 2300-1 “On Consumer Protection Law” 
dated 7 February 1992, as amended (the “Consumer Protection Law”) and the Federal Law No. 353-FZ 
“Consumer Lending Law” dated 21 December 2013 (the “Consumer Lending Law”). 
The Consumer Lending Law regulating consumer lending in Russia, came into force on 1 July 2014. The 
Consumer Lending Law is intended to provide more specific regulation of consumer protection in the Russian 
banking sector, in contrast to the Consumer Protection Law, which contains more general regulations. The 
Consumer Lending Law will not apply to mortgage loans. 
The Consumer Lending Law sets requirements in relation to the terms of a consumer loan agreement. In particular, 
according to the Consumer Lending Law, a consumer loan agreement must contain general and specific terms. 
General terms of the consumer loan agreement are based on the lender’s template form, whilst the specific terms 
are agreed between the lender and the borrower. The Consumer Lending Law designates, among others, the 
following terms to be the specific terms of the consumer loan agreement: (i) amount of the loan or lending limit 
(and the procedure of change of the lending limit), (ii) term of the loan and repayment date, (iii) currency of the 
loan, (iv) the annual percentage rate (in case of floating interest rate – the calculation procedure), (v) payment 
schedule of the loan, (vi) purpose of the loan and (vii) borrower’s liability for undue performance of its obligations 
under the consumer loan. 
The Consumer Lending Law sets the priority of payments under the loan in case the payment made by the borrower 
is not enough to discharge its relevant payment obligations. In particular, the Consumer Lending Law sets out the 
following priority of payments: (i) overdue interest payments, (ii) overdue principal payments, (iii) penalty, (iv) 
current interest payments, (v) current principal payments and (vi) other payments as provided by the Russian 
legislation on consumer lending and the consumer loan agreement. 
In addition, the Consumer Lending Law sets out the limits of penalties payable under consumer loan agreement in 
case of the borrower’s payment default. The penalty shall not exceed (i) 20 per cent. per annum, if the consumer 
loan agreement states that the interest continues to accrue on the overdue payment of the principal of the loan, or 
(ii) 0.1 per cent. per day, if the consumer loan agreement states that the interest stops accruing on the overdue 
amount of the principal of the loan, after the payment default of the borrower has occurred. 
According to the Consumer Lending Law, the effective interest rate of the loan shall not exceed by more than one 
third the mid-market effective interest rate of the relevant category of consumer loans established by the CBR 
quarterly. 
The mid-market effective interest rate is determined by the CBR 45 calendar days prior to each quarter during the 
course of which the relevant mid-market effective interest rate will be applicable for the purposes of limitation 
stipulated by the Consumer Lending Law. The CBR calculates the effective interest rate using weighted average 
rate of (i) not less than 100 largest lenders in respect of the relevant category of loan or (ii) not less than one third 
of all lenders in respect of the relevant category of loan. The latest value of the mid-market effective interest rate 
has been published by the CBR on 16 August 2021. The effective interest rate for consumer loans for the fourth 
quarter of 2021 shall not exceed: 
For loans with repayment term up to 1 year: 
 
29.277% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount up to 30,000 RUB; 
20.996% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount from 30,000 RUB up to 100,000 RUB; 
 
18.731% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount from 100,000 RUB up to 300,000 RUB; and 
 
13.160% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount exceeding 300,000 RUB; 
For loans with repayment term exceeding than 1 year:

--- Page 193 ---
184 
 
 
21.223% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount up to 30,000 RUB; 
 
22.909% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount from 30,000 RUB up to 100,000 RUB; 
 
21.529% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount from 100,000 RUB up to 300,000 RUB; and 
 
17.203% for the no-purpose loans, purpose loans without collateral (excluding POS loans) and debt 
refinancing loans with principal amount exceeding 300,000 RUB. 
Bankruptcy (Insolvency) and Other Related Issues  
Bankruptcy of credit organisations in Russia is governed by the Insolvency Law. Bankruptcy of credit 
organisations was also previously governed by the Federal Law No. 40-FZ “On Bankruptcy of credit 
organisations”. This law was terminated by the Federal Law No. 432-FZ dated 22 December 2014 and a new 4.1 
Chapter “Bankruptcy of credit organizations” was included in the Insolvency Law.  
Bankruptcy  
Bankruptcy proceedings against a Russian bank may be initiated only after the revocation by the CBR of its 
banking licence. Following the revocation of the bank’s licence, inter alia, all obligations of the bank are deemed 
to have fallen due and the bank is prohibited from entering into transactions and performing its obligations, except 
for a limited number of current and settlement transactions and operations listed in the Banking Law, until the 
liquidator or the competition manager is appointed.  
Bankruptcy proceedings may be initiated against a Russian bank provided that its business has “signs” of 
insolvency, as described in the Insolvency Law; the overall amount of the outstanding obligations is not less than 
RUB100,000 and the bank has failed to perform such obligations within 14 days of their due date; or after the 
revocation of the bank’s licence its total assets do not cover all of its outstanding obligations.  
Prior to the institution of bankruptcy proceedings, the CBR, on its own initiative or upon the application of the 
authorised body of the bank, has the right to take action aimed at preventing the bank’s bankruptcy. Such action 
may include (a) financial rehabilitation of the bank (for example, financial support, changing the structure of assets 
and liabilities or organisational structure of the bank), (b) appointment of a temporary administration to the bank, 
(c) reorganisation and (d) measures to be undertaken with participation of the State Deposit Insurance Agency or 
the management company of the Fund of Consolidation of the Banking Sector acting on behalf of the CBR.  
The Management Company of the Fund of Consolidation of the Banking Sector (the “Management Company”) 
was established by the CBR in accordance with the Banking Law as an independent legal entity which is authorized 
to take measures aimed at financial rehabilitation of credit organisations. In particular, the Management Company 
participates in the analysis of banks’ financial standing, carries out temporary administration, participates in 
additional capitalization and manages shares of credit organisations acquired by the CBR in course of the financial 
rehabilitation. As part of its activities, the Management Company uses the finances of the Fund of Consolidation 
of the Banking Sector (the “Fund”), which was established by the CBR. The Fund is formed out from funds 
allocated by the CBR by the decision of its Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to the recent amendments to the Insolvency Law, adopted as a part of the federal legislation package 
intended to prevent the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic, the government of the Russian Federation is entitled to 
introduce a moratorium on the initiation of insolvency proceedings by creditors in exceptional circumstances such 
as the Covid-19 pandemic. The Government of the Russian Federation enacted such moratorium by its Decree 
dated 3 April 2020 No. 428 (as amended) in respect of, among others, companies with strategic importance for the 
national defence and security of the Russian Federation, Russian systemically important companies and companies 
holding certain types of licences (the “Affected Debtors”). The list of Affected Debtors may be amended from 
time to time. The insolvency moratorium expired in January 2021, however, the moratorium regime may be re-
introduced by the Russian Government if the circumstances giving rise to its introduction continue to persist. 
Temporary Administration  
Temporary administration, which is aimed at the financial rehabilitation of a bank. Technically, temporary 
administration precedes, and does not necessarily result in, the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings. 
Temporary administration may be imposed by the CBR in certain negative financial circumstances set out in 
Article 189.26 of the Insolvency Law. The grounds for the appointment of a temporary administration include, 
among other things, breach of certain financial and regulatory capital ratios and a bank’s failure to perform its 
payment obligations to some of its creditors for a period greater than seven days due to insufficient funds in its

--- Page 194 ---
185 
 
correspondent accounts, as well as the emergence of grounds for revocation of a bank’s licence. Temporary 
administration may also be introduced pursuant to a plan of participation of the CBR in bankruptcy prevention 
measures adopted by the CBR’s Board of Directors, or following the adoption by the CBR’s Banking Supervision 
Committee of a plan of bankruptcy prevention measures to be taken by the Deposit Insurance Agency. If the plan 
is adopted by the CBR’s Board of Directors, the functions related to temporary administration can be transferred 
either to the Management Company or the Deposit Insurance Agency. 
The introduction of a temporary administration may entail a limitation or suspension of the powers of the executive 
bodies of a bank. The temporary administration can manage a bank and is further entitled to request that the CBR 
impose a three month moratorium on all payments of a bank to counterparties and creditors, which can be 
prolonged for the period of up to three months. The temporary administration, the State Deposit Insurance Agency 
and the management company of the Fund of Consolidation of the Banking Sector may also refuse performance 
of agreements or challenge transactions under Articles 27 and 189.40 of the Insolvency Law. The procedure for 
introduction of a temporary administration is described in CBR Regulations 675-P and 676-P, both dated 
25 February 2019.  
Priority of Claims  
Under Russian bankruptcy law, claims of unsecured creditors against Russian banks are generally subordinated to 
the claims of individual clients arising out of deposit and bank account agreements, certain claims of creditors 
arising after the initiation of the bankruptcy proceedings and certain other ongoing payments, workplace injury 
and moral damages obligations, severance pay, employment related obligations and royalties. There is also a small 
risk that claims of unsecured creditors may be further subordinated to claims under certain tax and mandatory 
payment obligations to the Russian Government, although the Insolvency Law ranks such claims equally. 
Furthermore, unsecured claims are also effectively subordinated to claims secured by a Russian law pledge. Under 
the Insolvency Law, claims of creditors secured by a Russian law pledge are settled with the money received from 
the sale of pledged assets. Claims of creditors secured by a Russian law pledge remaining unsatisfied upon the sale 
of pledged assets would be ranked as claims of unsecured creditors after the obligations mentioned above, 
irrespective of the time of the creation of such claims.  
Recent amendments to the Insolvency Law provide that the proceeds from the sale of the pledged assets will be 
used as follows: (a) 70 per cent. (or 80 per cent. if the pledge secures a credit agreement) to satisfy secured claims; 
(b) 20 per cent. (or 15 per cent. if the pledge secures a credit agreement) to satisfy claims of creditors of the first 
and second priorities, provided the debtor’s other property is insufficient to satisfy such claims; and (c) the 
remaining amount to cover court expenses, remuneration to a bankruptcy manager and related expenses. Any 
obligations of creditors secured by a pledge remaining unsatisfied following the sale of the pledged assets would 
be ranked as claims of unsecured creditors.  
Liquidation and Revocation of the Banking Licence  
Mandatory Liquidation  
The procedure for the revocation of banking licences and liquidation of banks is regulated by the Banking Law. 
See “—Regulation — Licensing” above.  
Upon the revocation of its licence, a bank must be liquidated either under mandatory solvent liquidation procedures 
set out in the Banking Law or under bankruptcy procedures set out in the Insolvency Law.  
Article 20 of the Banking Law establishes the consequences of the revocation of the banking licence, including 
that the CBR must impose a “temporary administration” on the relevant bank, that all obligations of the bank are 
deemed to have fallen due, that enforcement of execution documents issued on the basis of court judgments, with 
certain exceptions, is suspended and that entering into transactions and performance by the bank of its obligations 
is prohibited until the liquidator or the competition manager is appointed.  
The CBR must make a public announcement of the revocation of the banking licence within one week of resolving 
to revoke such a licence.  
Voluntary Liquidation  
In the case of voluntary liquidation of a bank, the shareholders (founders), upon the adoption of the relevant 
decision, must apply to the CBR for cancellation of the banking licence and, upon its cancellation, the liquidation 
should be carried out in accordance with the liquidation rules and applicable CBR regulations. In particular, 
shareholders will appoint the liquidation commission to oversee the liquidation process.

--- Page 195 ---
186 
 
Banking and Other Relevant Reforms  
Following the 1998 financial crisis, Russian banks took important steps towards developing more transparent 
business practices and more diversified portfolios of assets. In recent years, confidence in local banks has gradually 
improved, as evidenced by the substantial growth in the volume of private deposits in Russian banks.  
On 17 March 2011, the Russian Government and the CBR issued their joint Strategy. The Strategy replaced the 
five year Strategies for the Development of the Banking Sector in the Russian Federation issued in December 2001 
and April 2005, and set out an action plan for the facilitation of the development of the Russian banking sector up 
to 2015.  
Among other things, the Strategy outlined the targets for the reform of the Russian banking sector, the forecast of 
the results of such reform and the analysis of the current condition of the Russian banking sector. The Strategy 
also listed measures, which should be implemented to achieve these targets.  
The system of the insurance of private deposits was introduced in 2003. According to the Deposit Insurance Law, 
banks holding a CBR licence for attracting deposits from individuals and opening and administering individuals’ 
accounts qualify for such activities. Subject to a bank’s compliance with certain regulatory requirements, it enters 
the system of the insurance of individuals’ deposits and thus qualifies to receive deposits and open accounts for 
individuals. If a bank fails to comply with the applicable requirements or chooses not to participate in the insurance 
system, it will be precluded from receiving deposits and opening accounts for individuals. Banks accepting private 
deposits and opening accounts for individuals are required to make quarterly payments to the insurance fund in 
the amount of up to 0.15 per cent. of the average account balances calculated under the law.  
Under the Deposit Insurance Law, the protection for each individual and legal entity classified as a small enterprise 
is limited to RUB1,400,000 per bank and banks are required to make quarterly payments into a deposit insurance 
fund. The previous protection threshold was RUB700,000. This threshold was increased by the Federal Law 
No. 451-FZ “On Amending Article 11 of the Federal Law “On Retail Deposit Insurance” and Article 46 of the 
Federal Law “On the Central Bank” dated 29 December 2014. The insurance payment from the deposit insurance 
fund will be payable to depositors if a bank’s licence has been revoked or if the CBR has imposed a moratorium 
on payments by the bank. The basis of the deposit insurance contribution is the quarterly average of daily balances 
of retail deposits. Standard contribution premiums cannot exceed 0.15 per cent. of the contribution basis. In certain 
circumstances, the premium can be increased up to 0.3 per cent. of the contribution basis, but not for more than 
two quarters in every 18 months. When the size of the insurance fund reaches 5 per cent. of total retail deposits of 
all Russian banks, all succeeding contribution premiums cannot exceed 0.05 per cent. of the contribution basis, 
and when the size of the insurance fund exceeds 10 per cent. of all Russian banks’ retail deposits, no contributions 
need to be made, but they resume once the insurance fund falls below the 10 per cent. threshold.  
On 30 December 2004, the President signed Federal Law No. 218-FZ “On Credit Histories” (the “Credit 
Histories Law”). Most of the provisions of the Credit Histories Law came into force on 1 June 2005. Pursuant to 
the Credit Histories Law, the “credit history” of a borrower (whether an individual or a legal entity) consists of 
certain data, as defined by the Credit Histories Law, which describe the borrower’s performance under loan or 
credit arrangements and which are stored with a “credit history bureau” (a Russian legal entity included in the 
State Register of Credit History Bureaus, whose principal activity is to collect, process and store credit history data 
and issue “reports”, as defined in the Credit Histories Law). As at 5 February 2021, the CBR had registered 9 
credit history bureaus.  
The Credit Histories Law defines the procedures for the submission of data to credit history bureaus, disclosure 
by bureaus of such data to authorised users, and the rights and obligations of borrowers and bureaus. It also sets 
out the procedures for the registration of credit history bureaus and the transfer of credit history data upon their 
liquidation.  
Credit history bureaus may disclose credit history data only to:  
 
a borrower itself;  
 
banks or other legal entities which are users of such data (with the borrower’s consent);  
 
courts and, with the consent of a prosecutor general, certain enforcement agencies;  
 
the Central Credit History Catalogue administered by the CBR to allow the centralised search of all credit 
history data; and  
 
the Federal Service of Court Bailiffs.  
Credit organisations are obliged to make their activities compliant with the Credit Histories Law within nine 
months of the date of its entry into force. Since 1 September 2005, banks have been required to enter into 
agreements with at least one credit history bureau and provide it, subject to the borrowers’ consent, with the

--- Page 196 ---
187 
 
relevant information relating to the borrowers.  
In connection with the entry into force of the Credit Histories Law, amendments to the Banking Law, the Civil 
Code and to the Code of Administrative Offences were introduced in order to make them compliant with the Credit 
Histories Law. Specifically, these amendments address issues concerning bank secrecy, liability for unauthorised 
access to, and disclosure of, credit history data, and violation of the procedure for the collection, storage and 
processing of such data.  
In addition to the Credit Histories Law and as part of the development of consumer lending legislation, Federal 
Law No. 152-FZ “On Mortgage Backed Securities” and amendments to the Civil Code, Tax Code and Federal 
Law No. 102-FZ “On Mortgage” were enacted in 2003/2004. By means of these laws, Russian legislators 
attempted to make mortgage lending attractive to banks and affordable to individuals by simplifying the applicable 
procedures and making them more transparent and less costly. Another intention of this new legislation is to 
introduce improved regulation of mortgage backed securities in order to make them more attractive for investors.  
On 18 June 2004, the Currency Control Law came into force, replacing the former Federal Law “On Currency 
Regulation and Currency Control” of 1992 almost in its entirety. The Currency Control Law is generally aimed at 
the gradual liberalisation of Russian currency control regulations. Pursuant to the Currency Control Law, the CBR 
had the power to regulate certain currency operations (including non-banking operations performed by Russian 
banks) by introducing a “special account requirement”. As at 1 January 2007, the major remaining restrictions 
envisaged in the Currency Control Law (including the “special account requirement”) have been abolished.  
As part of implementing legislation contemplated by the Currency Control Law, the CBR passed Directive 
No. 1425-U of 28 April 2004, which came into force on 18 June 2004. Directive No. 1425-U confirms that no 
currency control limitations will apply to bank operations between authorised banks and sets forth a list of non-
banking transactions between authorised banks that are exempt from currency control restrictions. Directive 
No. 1425-U specifically provides that all other non-banking transactions of authorised banks will fall under the 
general currency control regime applicable to resident legal entities.  
The Insider Dealing Law  
The Insider Dealing Law generally came into force on 31 July 2011, save for the provisions relating to of criminal 
liability for unlawful use of insider information and revocation of a banking licence due to multiple instances of 
non-compliance with the Insider Dealing Law during one year. The Insider Dealing Law enumerates categories of 
persons that can be considered insiders, including, among others, issuers and management companies, as well as 
professional market participants (including brokers and dealers) and other persons who transact on behalf of their 
clients with financial instruments, foreign currency and/or goods, and have received insider information from such 
clients. Under the Insider Dealing Law, any person who illegally uses insider information and publishes misleading 
information may be held liable for misuse of information and/or market manipulation. Furthermore, insiders must 
comply with certain new disclosure requirements, including keeping the insiders list and sending notices of 
transactions by the insiders to the CBR and the relevant legal entities. In implementing the Insider Dealing Law 
and pursuant to CBR Regulation No. 5140-U of 6 May 2019, the CBR began to disclose certain information 
relating to Russian banks on its website, including: (1) the status and results of its inspections, (2) licence 
revocations, (3) cases of imposing an administrative liability upon a credit organisation and/or its sole executive 
body, (4) an invalidation of the CBR’s approval for taking retail deposits and opening and maintaining bank 
accounts for individuals, and (5) stages of issuance of securities by banks.  
The Retail Deposit Insurance Law 
Federal Law No. 177-FZ “On Retail Deposit Insurance” dated 23 December 2003, as amended (the “Retail 
Deposit Insurance Law”), introduced a mandatory deposit insurance scheme for Russian banks that offer retail 
deposit services and deposit services for sole proprietors and small enterprises (that are registered in the Unified 
Register of Medium and Small Enterprises maintained by the Russian tax authority) pursuant to a CBR licence. 
The Retail Deposit Insurance Law prescribed the requirements for admission to the deposit insurance scheme, and 
compliance with these requirements was verified by the CBR on a case-by-case basis. 
According to the State Deposit Insurance Agency, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 345 banks are participants 
to the deposit insurance scheme. A bank that does not participate in the deposit insurance scheme is not permitted 
to accept retail deposits or open accounts for individuals. 
The Retail Deposit Insurance Law guarantees each customer’s deposit for up to RUB1,400,000 per bank. Insurance 
proceeds are payable from the deposit insurance fund into which participating banks must make quarterly 
contributions. An insurance payment from the deposit insurance fund becomes payable to depositors if the CBR 
revokes the bank’s licence or imposes a moratorium on payments by the bank. The amount of each bank’s 
contribution to the deposit insurance scheme is assessed based on the quarterly average of daily balances of its

--- Page 197 ---
188 
 
deposits (excluding balances of deposits that are not subject to insurance). Standard contribution premiums cannot 
exceed 0.15 per cent. of the contribution basis. In certain circumstances, the premium can be increased up to 0.3 
per cent. of the contribution basis, but not for more than two quarters in any 18-month period. When the size of 
the insurance fund exceeds 5 per cent. of all Russian banks’ combined deposits, all subsequent contribution 
premiums cannot exceed 0.05 per cent. of the contribution basis. When the size of the insurance fund exceeds 10 
per cent. of all Russian banks’ combined deposits, no contributions will need to be made, but contributions must 
be resumed if the size of the insurance fund falls below 10 per cent. of the combined deposits.  
Starting from 1 July 2015 the banks satisfying certain conditions are obliged to make additional contributions 
established by the State Deposit Insurance Agency. If a bank in a particular quarter has entered into any agreement 
(except for agreement with small enterprise) with deposit rate exceeding the basic level of profitability by 2 to 3 
per cent. such bank is subject to additional contribution. And the banks providing deposits with rates exceeding 
the basic level of profitability by more than 3 per cent. must pay higher additional contributions. The basic level 
of profitability will be established by the CBR every month by determination of the average rate calculated on the 
basis of the highest deposit rates offered to unlimited range of depositors by the banks holding, in aggregate, two 
thirds of retail deposits in the Russian Federation.  
The Retail Deposit Insurance Law provides for the establishment of a regulator, the State Deposit Insurance 
Agency, which, among other things, collects fund contributions, manages the fund, calculates insurance premiums 
and monitors insurance payments. The State Deposit Insurance Agency maintains a register of all banks that hold 
a retail banking licence. 
The National Payment System Law  
Federal Law No. 161-FZ “On the National Payment System” (the “National Payment System Law”) that was 
adopted on 27 June 2011, generally came into force on September 29, 2011. This law provides for legal and 
organisational principles of the national payment system, establishes the procedure for rendering of payment 
services, including making transfer of monetary funds, use of electronic means of payment, as well as sets forth 
requirements for organisation and operation of payment systems and the procedure for monitoring and supervision 
over the national payment system. This law provides that only credit institutions may carry out transfers of 
electronic monetary funds. Credit institutions may enter into agreements with other organisations, under which the 
latter may render to the credit institutions operational and clearing services for the transfer of electronic monetary 
funds. Under this law, the CBR is vested with additional functions of monitoring and supervision over the national 
payment system.  
The Central Depositary Law  
Federal Law No. 414-FZ “On the Central Depositary”, as amended (the “Central Depositary Law”), which 
generally came into force on 1 January 2012, provides legal framework for establishment, and operational 
conditions, of the central depositary, in particular, setting out rights and obligations of the central depositary, 
requirements to its activities and specifics of the state control and supervision over its activities. The Central 
Depositary Law aims at improving effectiveness and competitiveness of Russian stock market, including, 
expediting and facilitating securities trade settlements and mitigating the risks associated therewith. Under this 
law, the central depositary is defined as a depositary that is a non-banking credit organisation (“NCO”), to which 
the status of the central depositary has been assigned. Only a joint-stock company registered in Russia can be the 
central depositary. Pursuant to the Central Depositary Law, the central depositary (within one year from the date 
of assignment of its status) shall take all necessary steps in order to open its nominal holder accounts, in particular, 
in all securities registers of issuers obliged to disclose information in accordance with the Securities Market Law. 
Also, the Central Depositary Law prohibits persons maintaining securities registers from opening, and depositing 
securities to, other nominal holder accounts from the opening date of a nominal holder account of the central 
depositary. On 6 November 2012, CJSC NCO “National Settlement Depository” was assigned the central 
depositary status by Order of the FSFM No. 12-2761/PZ-I.  
Accession of Russia to the WTO  
On 16 December 2011, Russia signed the Protocol on its accession to the WTO. The ratification procedures were 
completed in July 2012, and the accession to the WTO became effective for Russia on 22 August 2012. Upon the 
Protocol’s entry into force, Russia became subject to the WTO regime. However, in relation to its banking sector, 
Russia made a reservation that it would review market access requirements for the establishment of branches of 
foreign banks and securities firms in the context of future negotiations on the accession of Russia to the OECD or 
within the framework of the next round of the WTO multilateral trade negotiations. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the CBR allows foreign banks either (i) to incorporate a subsidiary bank in Russia regulated by the 
CBR or (ii) to maintain a representative office in Russia. A subsidiary of a foreign bank is an entity operational 
within the scope of its banking licence, which must comply with Russian laws and CBR regulations (including on

--- Page 198 ---
189 
 
mandatory CBR ratios), while activities of a representative office are limited to facilitating banking operations and 
representing interests of its foreign parent. At present, a foreign bank may set up a subsidiary or representative 
office in Russia, subject to obtaining the CBR approval and provided that, among other matters, the parent bank 
has a good reputation and is in good financial standing in its home country.  
The accession of Russia to the WTO is also expected to necessitate unification of requirements applicable to private 
banks, banks under state control and foreign-controlled banks, including, among other things, abolishing some 
Russian law provisions that may be deemed discriminatory against foreign-owned banks in favour of banks 
controlled by Russian nationals or the state. At the same time, Russia managed to keep a limit on an overall amount 
of foreign investments into the banking sector of Russia post-accession, which shall not exceed 50 per cent. of the 
total equity capital of all credit organisations registered in Russia. If the threshold is exceeded, the CBR will have 
a right (i) not to authorise new foreign investments in the banking sector, and/or (ii) to impose a temporary ban on 
disposal of banks’ equity capital to foreign investors, including, inter alia, through an increase of equity capital at 
the account of a foreign investor.  
Measures to Support the Liquidity and Solvency of Russian Banks and Legal Entities since October 2008  
Since October 2008, the Russian Government and the CBR have announced and, in many cases, fully implemented 
measures intended to support the liquidity and solvency of Russian banks and to increase the availability of credit 
to businesses, which have been seen as critical for restoring investor confidence and supporting the medium-term 
economic growth of the Russian economy. These measures were primarily introduced by the Federal Law No. 173-
FZ “On Additional Measures for Supporting the Financial System of the Russian Federation” (the “Rescue 
Measures Law”). According to the Rescue Measures Law, the following measures are being implemented:  
 
The Russian Government through the CBR and Vnesheconombank may provide up to RUB910 billion in 
subordinated loans to State-owned and private banks under certain conditions. The RUB910 billion state 
contribution to banking sector capital in the form of long-term subordinated loans is one of the key 
economic initiatives announced by the Russian Government to restore confidence in the Russian banking 
sector. State-owned banks such as Sberbank, VTB Bank and Russian Agricultural Bank received RUB500 
billion, RUB200 billion and RUB25 billion, accordingly, as part of this initiative. The remaining amount 
has been distributed among privately-owned Russian banks subject to certain conditions.  
 
The CBR was authorised to enter into agreements with privately owned banks to partially compensate such 
banks for the losses suffered during the period from 14 October 2008 to 31 December 2010 as the result of 
operations on the interbank market with banks whose licences are revoked. Vnesheconombank had the 
right, until 31 December 2009, to originate foreign currency loans up to U.S.$50 billion to Russian legal 
entities to repay and/or refinance the loans received from foreign lenders prior to 25 September 2008.  
A set of federal laws and governmental regulations complements the measures introduced by the Rescue Measures 
Law: 
 
The CBR established a new liquidity scheme to conduct uncollateralised lending covering a number of 
Russian banks. The maximum amounts that banks can raise under this facility were set by the CBR 
depending on the credit rating, asset size and the level of capitalisation of the potential borrower under this 
arrangement.  
 
The CBR Regulation dated 16 October 2008 No. 323-P “On Provision of Unsecured Loans to Russian 
Credit Institutions by the Bank of Russia” has introduced the procedure and criteria for issuing unsecured 
loans by the Central Bank of Russia (was later replaced by the CBR Directive No. 3239-U dated 
23 April 2014).  
 
Federal Law No. 317-FZ “On Amending Articles 46 and 76 of the Federal Law on Central Bank of Russian 
Federation (Bank of Russia)” dated 30 December 2008 vested the CBR with the right to appoint its 
authorised representatives to the banks and credit institutions which, inter alia, have received any foreign 
currency loans and/or subordinated loans under the Rescue Measures Law. On 20 February 2009 the CBR 
appointed its authorised representatives to Alfa Bank. The CBR Regulation No. 2182-U dated 
9 February 2009 provides for the procedure for such authorised representatives appointment, their rights 
and obligations including, inter alia, the right to participate in the meetings of the management bodies of 
such banks and credit institutions and the right to request information on management remuneration and 
the issuance of loans to third parties.  
 
CBR Regulation No. 5158-U “On Determination of Mandatory Reserve Requirements of the Bank of 
Russia” dated 31 May 2019 established From 1 August 2016, the current mandatory reserves requirements 
for the obligations of credit organisations. These requirements differ depending on several factors: type of 
a bank license (basic or universal); currency (foreign or Russian); person (individual or legal entity); term;

--- Page 199 ---
190 
 
residency. 
 
The Deposit Insurance Law has been amended to increase the amount of the secured deposits of individuals 
with Russian banks included to the state system of deposits insurance up to RUB700,000.  
 
Government Decree No. 18 “On the Procedure of National Welfare Fund Assets Management” was 
amended in 2008 and 2009 to increase the scope of financial instruments in which funds from the National 
Welfare Fund can be invested. The National Welfare Fund was established in 2008 using oil revenues, with 
a view to partially funding contributions to pensions of Russian citizens and to make up shortfalls in other 
contributions from the federal budget to federal pension funds. As a consequence, up to RUB955 billion of 
such funds may be deposited in Vnesheconombank to support the Russian financial markets.  
 
The number of instruments eligible for the CBR’s collateralised facility and for refinancing transactions 
with the CBR has been increased and the CBR may accept, among other things, the pledge of certain bonds 
and suretyships granted by certain Russian banks as collateral under its facilities to credit organisations.  
 
On 21 July 2014, President of the Russian Federation signed amendments to the Rescue Measures Law that 
allow the Russian Government to use certain funds, repaid under subordinated loans provided by 
Vnesheconombank to credit institutions under the Rescue Measures Law, to purchase preferred shares of 
credit 
institutions. 
According 
to 
the 
Russian 
Government 
Decree 
dated 
22 August 2014, 
Vnesheconombank will purchase preferred shares of VTB Bank and Russian Agricultural Bank using the 
funds of subordinated loans repaid by VTB Bank, VTB 24 Bank and Russian Agricultural Bank. In 
August 2014, Sberbank publically announced its decision to convert subordinated loan obtained in 
accordance with the Rescue Measures Law into perpetual debt as such possibility was provided to Sberbank 
by amendments introduced to the Rescue Measures Law.  
Recent Amendments to the Civil Code 
On 18 July 2008, former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev issued a decree requiring various amendments to 
be made to the Russian Civil Code. The Concept of Development of Russian Civil Legislation was subsequently 
adopted on 7 October 2009. The proposed amendments are divided into a number of sets.  
On 30 December 2012, current Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law the first set of amendments to 
the Russian Civil Code, which form part of a major reform to Russian civil legislation. The majority of the first 
set of amendments became effective on 1 March 2013. These amendments relate primarily to certain basic 
principles of civil law, limits on the exercise of civil rights, changes to rules on state registration of rights to certain 
types of property, as well as recognising the principle of compensation for losses incurred as a result of unlawful 
acts of the state authorities.  
A second set of amendments to the Russian Civil Code was signed into law on 7 May 2013. These amendments 
affect, inter alia, the general rules on transactions, the grounds on which a transaction may be challenged and the 
rules governing representation and powers of attorney. The amendments became effective on 1 September 2013.  
A third set of amendments to the Russian Civil Code was signed into law on 26 June 2017. These amendments 
introduce, inter alia, certain changes of loan and credit agreements regulation, as well as other changes to the 
financial deals regulation. The amendments became effective on 1 June 2018. 
A fourth set of amendments to the Civil Code was adopted on 18 March 2019 and became effective on 
1 October 2019. The scope of these amendments introduce a new concept of digital rights and modify existing 
laws governing, among other things, performance of contractual obligations and requirements for written form of 
contracts. 
A fifth set of amendments to the Russian Civil Code was signed into law on 16 December 2019 and became 
effective from 1 January 2020. These amendments introduce certain changes in protection of a good faith 
purchaser of real estate. 
The fifth set of amendments to the Russian Civil Code was adopted on 31 July 2020 and became effective from 
11 August 2020. These amendments effect the procedure of transfer of a participation interest in limited liability 
company to such company. 
The last set of amendments to the Russian Civil Code was adopted on 30 December 2020 and will become effective 
from 29 June 2021. These amendments relate to powers and duties of pledge manager.

--- Page 200 ---
191 
 
THE FACILITY AGREEMENT 
The following is the text of the Facility Agreement, which has been entered into between Alfa Bank and the Issuer 
on 17 April 2013, as amended on 6 November 2018 and on 7 October 2020 
This Facility Agreement is made on 17 April 2013 between: 
(1) 
JOINT STOCK COMPANY “ALFA-BANK”, a company incorporated under the laws of Russia whose 
registered office is at 27 Kalanchevskaya Street, 107078 Moscow, Russian Federation (the “Borrower”); 
and 
(2) 
ALFA BOND ISSUANCE PLC, a company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, whose registered 
office is at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland (the “Lender” or 
“Issuer” of the Notes). 
Whereas: 
(A) 
The Lender, at the request of the Borrower, has agreed or will agree (as the case may be), pursuant to this 
facility agreement (“this Agreement” or “this Facility Agreement”) or any subordinated loan agreements 
to be entered into from time to time by the Lender and the Borrower (each, a “Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”), to make available to the Borrower a loan facility in the maximum amount of the Programme 
Limit (as defined below) on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented in relation to each Loan (as defined below) by a loan supplement substantially in the form 
set out in Schedule 1 thereto (each, a “Loan Supplement”) or any Subordinated Loan Agreement; and 
(B) 
It is intended that, concurrently with the extension of any Loan under this loan facility, the Lender will issue 
certain loan participation notes in the same nominal amount and bearing the same rate of interest as such 
Loan. 
Now it is hereby agreed as follows: 
1 
Definitions and Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
In this Facility Agreement (including the recitals), the following terms shall have the meanings indicated 
below: 
“ABH Financial” means (i) ABH Financial Limited or (ii) ABH Financial Limited’s Successor pursuant 
to an ABH Financial Limited Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below). 
“ABH Financial Limited Permitted Reorganisation” means a Reorganisation (as defined in Clause 10.7 
(Limitation on Merger and Consolidation) pursuant to which a Person (“ABH Financial Limited’s 
Successor”) consolidates or amalgamates with ABH Financial Limited or merges with or into ABH 
Financial Limited, or pursuant to which all or substantially all of the assets of ABH Financial Limited (all 
of ABH Financial Limited’s shares in the Borrower (whether held directly or indirectly) shall be deemed to 
be “substantially all” of the assets of ABH Financial Limited at the time of such transfer) are transferred to 
ABH Financial Limited’s Successor, provided that ABH Financial Limited’s Successor (i) holds and/or 
controls (directly or indirectly) in excess of 50 per cent. of the shares in the Borrower (ii) ABH Financial 
Limited’s Successor produces financial statements in accordance with IFRS. 
“Account” means an account in the name of the Lender with the Principal Paying Agent as specified in the 
relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Acquired Indebtedness” means in relation only to any Subsidiary which became or becomes a Subsidiary 
through the exercise of a Security Interest (as defined in the Trust Deed) in favour of the Borrower or ABH 
Financial, any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary which was pre-existing at the time such Subsidiary became 
a Subsidiary. 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning set out in Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts). 
“Affiliate” of any specified Person means (a) any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person (which shall include 
the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise), (b) any other Person who is a director or officer

--- Page 201 ---
192 
 
(i) of such specified Person, (ii) of any subsidiary of such specified Person or (iii), or of any Person 
described in (a) above. 
“Agency” means any agency, authority, central bank, department, committee, government, legislature, 
minister, official or public statutory person (whether autonomous or not) of, or of the government of, any 
state. 
“Agency Agreement” means the agency agreement relating to the Programme dated 17 April 2013 
between the Lender, the Borrower, the Trustee and the agents named therein, as may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Arranger” means Joint Stock Company “Alfa-Bank” or any additional or replacement arranger appointed, 
and excluding any Arranger whose appointment has terminated pursuant to the Dealer Agreement. 
“Banking Business” means in relation to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any member of the Group, any 
type of banking business (including, without limitation, any factoring, consumer credit, mortgage-lending, 
issuance of banking guarantees and letters of credit (and related cash cover provision), Repos, total return 
swaps, prime brokerage agreements, credit derivatives, hedging, bills of exchange and promissory notes, 
trading of securities, fund management and professional securities market participation business) which 
they conduct or may conduct pursuant to their licences issued by the appropriate authorities, accepted 
market practice and any applicable law. 
“Board of Directors” means, as to any Person, the board of directors or equivalent competent governing 
body of such Person, or any duly authorised committee thereof. 
“Borrower Agreements” means this Facility Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Dealer 
Agreement and, in relation to each Loan, the foregoing agreements together with the relevant Subscription 
Agreement, Final Terms and Loan Supplement. 
“Borrower’s Account” means an account in the name of the Borrower as specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement for receipt of Loan funds. 
“Business Day” means (save in relation to Clause 4 (Interest)) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which (a) banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business generally in Moscow and the relevant 
place of payment, (b) if on that day a payment is to be made in a Specified Currency other than euro 
hereunder, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified 
Currency, foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (New York City for U.S.$ and Moscow for 
Roubles), (c) if on that day a payment is to be made in euro hereunder, a day on which the TARGET System 
is operating and (d) in relation to a Loan corresponding to a Series of Notes to be sold pursuant to Rule 
144A under the Securities Act, banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business generally in New 
York City. 
“Calculation Agent” means, in relation to a Loan, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, or any 
person named as such in the relevant Loan Supplement or any successor thereto. 
“Central Bank” or “CBR” means the Central Bank of the Russian Federation – Bank of Russia or such 
other governmental or other authority as shall from time to time carry out functions in relation to the 
supervision of banks in the Russian Federation as are, on the date hereof, carried out by the CBR. 
“Closing Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement.  
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
“Contemplated Disposal” means the sale, lease, transfer, dividend or other disposition: 
(i) 
of the shares of and/or other ownership interests in Amsterdam Trade Bank by sale or dividend to 
the shareholders of ABH Financial, provided that any such sale or dividend would not have a 
Material Adverse Effect; and 
(ii) 
of any asset by ABH Financial to any Subsidiary of ABH Financial or by any Subsidiary of ABH 
Financial to ABH Financial or any other Subsidiary of ABH Financial. 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement.

--- Page 202 ---
193 
 
“Dealer Agreement” means the dealer agreement relating to the Programme dated 17 April 2013 between 
the Lender, the Borrower, the Arrangers and the other dealers appointed pursuant to it, as may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
“Default” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or after making any determination 
under this Agreement or the fulfilment of any other requirement (or any combination of the foregoing) 
would be, an Event of Default. 
“Definitive Notes” means the definitive notes in fully registered form representing the Notes to be issued 
in limited circumstances pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
“Dollars”, “$”, “U.S. Dollars” and “U.S.$” means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
“Domestic Debt” means (a) loans solely from banks and/or financial institutions domiciled in, or 
incorporated under, any of the laws of any state forming part of the Commonwealth of Independent States 
or any territory thereof which are not subsidiaries of Persons domiciled in or incorporated under the laws 
of any territory outside any such state, and (b) deposits from Persons in any state forming part of the 
Commonwealth of Independent States or any territory thereof. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 11.1 hereof. 
“Excluded Event” means any event which results, or would result upon the taking of necessary actions 
pursuant to the relevant documents, in the early amortisation, early repayment in full or in part or optional 
prepayment in full or in part of any Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof where that Indebtedness is 
comprised only of obligations of any member of the Group under a Securitisation Transaction (ignoring for 
these purposes the threshold amount of 30% of the consolidated total assets of the Group contained in the 
definition of that term). 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed. 
“Fees and Expenses Side Agreement” means the letter specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms as defined in the relevant Subscription Agreement. 
“Fixed Rate Loan” means a Loan specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Floating Rate Loan” means a Loan specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Global Notes” has the meaning assigned to it in the Trust Deed.  
“Group” means ABH Financial and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the “IASB”) and interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee of the IASB. 
“incur” means issue, assume, guarantee, incur or otherwise become liable for. 
“Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness, in respect of any Person for, or in respect of, 
moneys borrowed or raised; any present or future amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit 
facility; any present or future amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, 
notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; any present or future amount of money raised 
pursuant to any issue of shares which are expressed to be redeemable; any present or future amount raised 
under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing; and the amount of any present or 
future liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to above provided that, 
for the avoidance of doubt, obligations of any member of the Group under (i) a True Sale Securitisation 
Transaction; or (ii) a Synthetic Securitisation shall not constitute and shall not be included in determining 
the amount of any Indebtedness of that Person. 
“Independent Appraiser” means an investment banking, accountancy or appraisal firm of international 
standing appointed at its expense by the Borrower (with the prior written consent of the Trustee), provided 
it is not an Affiliate of the Lender, ABH Financial or any Material Subsidiary. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement, or, in the

--- Page 203 ---
194 
 
event of a prepayment in whole (but not in part) in accordance with Clauses 5.2 or 5.3 the date set for such 
redemption in respect of the Loan. 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date, and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating equal to or higher than (i) BBB – (or the equivalent) by 
Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited; (ii) BBB – (or the equivalent) by Fitch Ratings 
CIS Limited. or (iii) Baa3 – (or the equivalent) by Moody’s Investors Services, Inc. or in each case the 
equivalent thereof from any duly approved substitute Rating Agency. 
“Investment Grade Status” means the Notes have an Investment Grade Rating from two Rating Agencies. 
“Lead Manager(s)” means the Relevant Dealer(s) specified as such in the relevant Subscription 
Agreement. 
“Lender Agreements” means the Dealer Agreement, this Facility Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the 
Principal Trust Deed and together with, in relation to each Loan, the relevant Subscription Agreement, Loan 
Supplement, Final Terms and Supplemental Trust Deed. 
“Lien” means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, easement, restriction, covenant, right 
of way, servitude, lien or charge securing any obligation of any Person or adverse claim or any preferential 
arrangement of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the 
nature thereof, including a Sale/Leaseback Transaction) having a similar effect to the foregoing. 
“Loan” means each loan to be made pursuant to, and on the terms specified in this Facility Agreement and 
the relevant Loan Supplement, and includes each Fixed Rate Loan and Floating Rate Loan. 
“Loan Agreement” means this Facility Agreement and (unless the context requires otherwise), in relation 
to a Loan, means this Facility Agreement as amended and supplemented by the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on the operations and / or financial condition 
of the Borrower and its Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the Borrower’s ability to perform or 
comply with its obligations under the Borrower Agreements or any document related to them or on the 
rights of any person thereunder. 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of the Borrower whose assets exceed 
15% of the consolidated IFRS total assets of ABH Financial (as calculated by reference to the then latest 
audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial) for which purpose: 
(i) 
all calculations shall be determined by reference to (a) the then latest annual consolidated audited 
accounts of the relevant Subsidiary (in the case of a Subsidiary which prepares consolidated 
accounts) or the then latest annual non consolidated audited accounts of the relevant Subsidiary (in 
the case of a Subsidiary which only prepares non consolidated accounts) or if the relevant 
Subsidiary does not prepare audited accounts, the then latest annual consolidated unaudited 
accounts of the relevant Subsidiary (in the case of a Subsidiary which prepares consolidated 
accounts) or the latest annual non consolidated unaudited accounts of the relevant Subsidiary (in 
the case of a Subsidiary which only prepares non consolidated accounts) and (b) the then latest 
audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial; 
(ii) 
upon a Material Subsidiary transferring all or substantially all of its assets or business to another 
Subsidiary of the Borrower the transferor shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary and any such 
transferee which is not already a Material Subsidiary shall thereupon be deemed to be a Material 
Subsidiary until the next audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial are 
prepared after which whether it is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined in accordance 
with (i) above; and 
(iii) 
subject to (ii) above, if as a result of any transfer, reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation of a Material Subsidiary which immediately before such transfer, 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation satisfied either of the tests 
referred to in (i) or (ii) above, but immediately after such transfer, reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation does not satisfy any of such tests, shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary for the purposes of this definition;

--- Page 204 ---
195 
 
Within ten Moscow business days (days on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business generally in Moscow) of a request therefor from the Lender or the Trustee, the Borrower shall 
provide a certificate (in the English language if so requested by the relevant party) signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Borrower as to the proper extraction of the figures used in determining a Material 
Subsidiary and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and such certificate shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Lender and the Borrower. 
“Noteholder” means, in relation to a Note, the person in whose name such Note is registered from time to 
time in the relevant Register of the noteholders (or in the case of joint holders, the first named holder 
thereof). 
“Notes” means the loan participation notes that may be issued from time to time by the Issuer under the 
Programme in Series, each Series corresponding to a Loan and, in relation to a Loan, as defined in the 
relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Officers’ Certificate” means a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by two officers of the 
Borrower at least one of whom shall be the principal executive officer, a director, a chief financial officer, 
chief legal officer or general director of the Borrower, in a form similar to that set out in Schedule 2 hereto. 
“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion from legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee, which 
counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Borrower. 
“Paying Agent” means the Principal Paying Agent or such other paying agent as may be appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes. 
“Permitted Disposal” means the sale, lease, transfer, dividend or other disposition of: 
(i) 
any of the assets of the Group acquired or held by the Group for investment purposes and identified 
as such in the latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial; 
(ii) 
any asset acquired by the Group (as creditor) through foreclosure, insolvency, bankruptcy or 
equivalent proceedings and/or as a result of any default by another party in respect of any agreement 
to which a member of the Group is a creditor and/or the restructuring of any obligation owed to any 
member of the Group as creditor by another party; 
(iii) 
any asset acquired by or held by the Group and not used in connection with Banking Business, the 
disposal of which would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and any real property acquired by or 
held by the Group; 
(iv) 
any asset pursuant to a True Sale Securitisation Transaction or a Securitisation Transaction; and 
(v) 
cash or other consideration for the acquisition of any asset on normal commercial terms. 
“Permitted Lien” means any: 
(i) 
Lien granted by the Borrower, ABH Financial or a Material Subsidiary which is existing as at the 
date of the relevant Loan Supplement; 
(ii) 
netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Borrower, ABH Financial or a Material Subsidiary 
in the ordinary course of its Banking Business and/or business (as applicable) for the purpose of 
netting debit and credit balances; 
(iii) 
Lien securing Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time that such Person is merged into or 
consolidated with any of the Borrower, ABH Financial or any Material Subsidiary; provided that 
such Lien was not created in contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not extend to 
any other assets, income or property of any of the Borrower, ABH Financial, or any Material 
Subsidiary; 
(iv) 
Lien on assets or property, which is: 
(a) 
existing on real property acquired by the Borrower, ABH Financial or a Material Subsidiary; 
and/or 
(b) 
created by the Borrower, ABH Financial or a Material Subsidiary on assets or property on 
or following the acquisition by the Borrower, ABH Financial or Material Subsidiary, as the 
case may be, of such assets or property;

--- Page 205 ---
196 
 
provided that such Lien does not extend to any other assets or property (other than the proceeds of 
such acquired assets or property); 
(v) 
Lien on any real property of the Borrower, ABH Financial or a Material Subsidiary, provided that 
such Lien does not extend to any other assets or property; 
(vi) 
Lien incurred, or pledge and deposit in connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment 
insurance and other social security benefits, and leases, appeal bonds and other obligations of like 
nature in the ordinary course of business; 
(vii) 
Lien imposed by law, including, without limitation, a mechanics’, carriers’, warehousemen’s, 
materialmen’s, suppliers’ and vendors’ Lien in the ordinary course of business; 
(viii) Lien for ad valorem, income or property taxes or assessments and similar charges which either is 
not delinquent or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which the 
Borrower, ABH Financial or Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, has set aside on its books 
reserves to the extent required by IFRS or Russian Accounting Standards (as applicable); 
(ix) 
easement, right of way, restriction (including zoning restriction), reservation, permit, servitude, 
minor defect or irregularity in title and other similar charge or encumbrance, and any Lien arising 
under leases or subleases granted to others, in each case not interfering in any material respect with 
the business of the Borrower, ABH Financial or any of the Material Subsidiaries and existing, 
arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
(x) 
(a) bankers’ Lien in respect of deposit accounts, (b) statutory landlords’ Lien, (c) deposit to secure 
the performance of bids, trade contracts, government contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety 
and appeal bonds, performance and return of money bonds or liabilities to insurance carriers under 
insurance or self-insurance arrangements and other obligations of like nature (so long as, in each 
case with respect to items described in subclauses (a), (b) and (c) above of this clause (x), such Lien 
(A) does not secure obligations constituting Indebtedness for borrowed money and (B) is incurred 
in the ordinary course of business), and (d) Lien arising from any judgment, decree or other order 
which does not constitute an Event of Default; 
(xi) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Lien permitted by any of the preceding paragraphs (i) through 
(x); provided, however, that, with respect to any Lien incurred pursuant to this paragraph the 
principal amount secured has not increased and such Lien has not been extended to any additional 
property (other than proceeds of the property in question); 
(xii) 
any Lien created in respect of or in connection with a Securitisation Transaction; 
(xiii) any Lien arising pursuant to any agreement (or other applicable terms and conditions) which is 
standard or customary in the relevant market in connection with the Borrower’s proprietary trading 
activities (and for the purpose of raising credit or funds related to the securities transaction itself); 
(xiv) any Lien granted by any member of the Group to another member of the Group; 
(xv) 
any Lien incurred by the Borrower, ABH Financial or a Material Subsidiary in connection with 
and/or in the ordinary course of Banking Business (but excluding any Securitisation Transaction); 
and 
(xvi) any other Lien not otherwise described in subparagraphs (i) through (xiv) above, provided that the 
aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured thereby shall not exceed 30 per cent. of the total 
liabilities of ABH Financial (as determined by reference to the latest audited consolidated IFRS 
financial statements of ABH Financial). 
“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, 
association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or 
political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. 
“Prepayment Date” means any date on which a Loan is to be prepaid pursuant to any of the provisions of 
Clauses 5.2 or 5.3, if applicable. 
“Principal Trust Deed” means the principal trust deed dated 17 April 2013 between the Lender and the 
Trustee, as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of Notes by the Issuer.

--- Page 206 ---
197 
 
“Programme Limit” means U.S.$5,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, being the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued and outstanding at any time under the Programme 
as may be increased in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
“Prospectus” means the base prospectus dated 17 April 2013 relating to the Programme. 
“Qualifying Jurisdiction” means any jurisdiction which has a double taxation treaty with Russia under 
which the payment of interest by Russian borrowers to lenders in the jurisdiction in which the lender is 
incorporated is generally able to be made without deduction or withholding of Russian income tax upon 
completion of any necessary formalities required in relation thereto. 
“Rate of Interest” has the meaning assigned to such term in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Rating Agency” means Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors 
Services, Inc. or Fitch Ratings CIS Limited, or any of their successors or any rating agency substituted for 
any of them (or any permitted substitute of them) by the Issuer, the Borrower or ABH Financial, as the 
case may be, from time to time with the prior written approval of the Trustee. 
“Register” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement. “Registrar” has the meaning given to 
it in the Agency Agreement. 
“Relevant Time” means, in relation to a payment in a Specified Currency, the time in the principal 
financial centre of such Specified Currency (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is New York City time in 
relation to a payment in U.S.$ and Moscow time in relation to a payment in Roubles) and, in relation to a 
payment in euro, Brussels time. 
“Repayment Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Repo” means a securities repurchase or resale agreement or reverse repurchase or resale agreement, a 
securities borrowing agreement or any agreement, whether entered into for proprietary purposes or client 
purposes, or any agreement relating to securities which is analogous to, or similar in effect to any of the 
foregoing and for the purposes of this definition, the term “securities” means any capital stock, share, 
debenture or other debt or equity instrument, or derivative thereof, whether issued by any private or public 
company, any government or Agency or instrumentality thereof or any supranational, international or 
multinational organisation. 
“Reserved Rights” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Trust Deed (as defined below).  
“Roubles” means the lawful currency of the Russian Federation. 
“Russia” shall mean the Russian Federation and any province or political subdivision or Agency thereof 
or therein, and “Russian” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Sale/Leaseback Transaction” means an arrangement with any lender or investor whereby that lender or 
investor leases to the Borrower or one of the Material Subsidiaries any property or assets that have been 
sold by the Borrower or one of the Material Subsidiaries to that lender or investor or to another person to 
whom that lender or investor has advanced funds on the security of the leased property or assets. 
“Same-Day Funds” means funds for payment, in the Specified Currency as the Lender may at any time 
determine to be customary for the settlement of international transactions in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the Specified Currency or, as the case may be, euro funds settled through the TARGET 
System or such other funds for payment in euro as the Lender may at any time reasonably determine to be 
customary for the settlement of international transactions in Brussels of the type contemplated hereby. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 
“Securitisation Transaction” means any transaction or series of related transactions (in each case, 
including, but not limited to, securitisation transactions and other forms of structured finance transactions) 
involving the incurrence of Indebtedness by any member of the Group directly or indirectly backed by all 
or any portion of the Group’s current or future assets or property (and revenues or rights arising therefrom) 
(including, but not limited to, (a) credit card receivables, debit card receivables, cheque receivables, cash 
remittances, workers’ remittances, trade receivables or payment rights (including, but not limited to, under 
and/or in relation to SWIFT MT100-Series and SWIFT MT200-Series payment orders (and any successors 
thereto) and any other similar payment orders (such as any delivered via telex, the internet or any other 
manner)), (b) any other class of receivables whatsoever (whether payment rights, remittances, claims or 
otherwise), (c) loan assets, (d) assets which have the benefit of collateral (including, but not limited to,

--- Page 207 ---
198 
 
mortgage-backed assets), and/or (e) the rights of any member of the Group to receive and/or retain any or 
all payments (and related proceeds) made in connection with any of (a) to (d) above (including, but not 
limited to, any claims against any banks, financial institutions or credit institutions obliged to make, receive 
or collect such payments or involved with the making, collection or reception of such payments)) 
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, where such backing is achieved by means of the grant of security 
over any such assets, property or revenues or the sale of any such assets) and any such transaction or series 
of related transactions may include and make provision for rights of recourse (in addition to and distinct 
from any rights relating to the assets, property or revenues which are subject to the relevant transaction 
and which arise from any grant of security or sale, as aforementioned) against any member of the Group 
(including, but not limited to, rights of recourse which (a) arise upon any failure to perform or default by 
underlying obligors under any assets, property or revenues which are subject to the relevant transaction or 
(b) are triggered by any breach of any provision of or any failure to satisfy any condition or test contained 
in the transaction documentation, where such provision, condition or test relates to any assets, property or 
revenues which are subject to the relevant transaction) provided that the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of such Indebtedness does not at the time of its incurrence, when aggregated with the principal 
amount of any Indebtedness incurred at that time pursuant to a Securitisation Transaction, exceed 30% of 
the consolidated total assets of the Group (as determined by reference to the latest audited consolidated 
IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial), save that where the outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness under any existing Securitisation Transaction is to be fully or partially repaid or refinanced 
with the proceeds of a transaction or series of transactions which itself or themselves will constitute a 
Securitisation Transaction, then the outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness under such 
Securitisation Transaction to be repaid or refinanced, as the case may be, will not be taken into account in 
calculating the foregoing 30% test. 
“Security” means the security granted by the Lender to the Trustee over rights of the Lender under this 
Agreement, including an assignment of such rights in favour of the Trustee. 
“Series” means a series of Notes that (except in respect of the first payment of interest and their issue 
price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Specified Default” means, in respect of any Indebtedness an event that is specified in the applicable 
documents relating to that Indebtedness as an event giving rise to a right to accelerate the repayment of the 
Indebtedness and in respect of which any applicable grace period has passed and requirement for further 
action or notice by any person has been met and which is of a kind similar or analogous to an Event of 
Default (as defined in Clause 11 (Events of Default)). 
“Subscription Agreement” means the agreement specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business 
entity of which more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights of its share capital is at the time owned or 
controlled directly by such Person, such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or one or 
more Subsidiaries of such Person. 
“Supplemental Trust Deed” means a supplemental trust deed in respect of a Series of Notes which 
constitutes and secures, inter alia, such Series dated the relevant Closing Date and made between the 
Lender and the Trustee (substantially in the form set out in Schedule 9 of the Principal Trust Deed). 
“Synthetic Securitisation” means any transaction or series of related transactions whereby any member 
of the Group acquires for payment (in the form of premium or otherwise) from a third party protection (in 
the form of a derivative contract, insurance or otherwise) against exposure to the risk of loss or default in 
respect of all or any portion of the Group’s current or future assets or property and revenues or rights 
arising therefrom (whether or not such protection requires continued actual exposure to such assets, 
property, revenue or rights). 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereof. 
“Taxes” means any present and future tax, duty, levy, impost, assessment or other governmental charge or 
withholding of any nature (including penalties, interest and other liabilities related thereto). 
“Tax Indemnity Amounts” has the meaning set out in Clause 7.2 (Tax Indemnity). “Taxing Authority” 
has the meaning set out in Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts).

--- Page 208 ---
199 
 
“True Sale Securitisation Transaction” means any transaction or series of related transactions (in each 
case including, but not limited to, securitisation transactions and other forms of structured finance 
transactions) involving or including (i) the sale by any member of the Group of all or any portion of the 
Group’s current or future assets or property (and revenues or rights arising therefrom) (including, but not 
limited to the assets, property revenues and rights set out in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of 
Securitisation Transaction) to a company (the “special purpose vehicle”), (ii) the issuance by the special 
purpose vehicle of debt securities to fund (in part or in whole) the acquisition by the special purpose vehicle 
of such assets, property, rights and revenues, which debt securities are backed by such assets, property, 
rights and revenues, and (iii) no member of the Group becoming an issuer of debt securities or borrower 
of money or guarantor of any debt or borrowing including any such transaction that becomes 
recharacterised by any court of competent jurisdiction as a secured borrowing or similar transaction; and 
whether or not such transaction or series of transactions includes rights of recourse against any member of 
the Group including without limitation (a) upon any failure to perform or default by underlying obligors 
under any assets, property or revenues which are subject to the relevant transaction or (b) which are 
triggered by any breach of any provision of or any failure to satisfy any condition or test contained in the 
transaction documentation, where such provision, condition or test relates to any assets, property or 
revenues which are subject to the relevant transaction). 
“Trust Deed” means the Principal Trust Deed as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed 
(and as further supplemented and/or amended from time to time) and specified as such in the relevant Loan 
Supplement. 
“Trustee” means BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited, as trustee under the Trust Deed and 
any other trustee or trustees thereunder. 
“VAT” means value added tax and any other tax of a similar nature. 
“Warranty Date” means the date hereof, the date of each Loan Supplement, each Closing Date, each date 
on which the Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced and each date on which the Programme 
Limit is increased. 
1.2 
Other Definitions 
Unless the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Facility Agreement which are not defined in this 
Facility Agreement but which are defined in the Trust Deed, the relevant Notes, the Agency Agreement, 
the Dealer Agreement or the relevant Loan Supplement shall have the meanings assigned to such terms 
therein. 
1.3 
Interpretation 
Unless the context or the express provisions of this Facility Agreement otherwise require, the following 
shall govern the interpretation of this Facility Agreement: 
1.3.1 
All references to “Clause” or “sub-Clause” are references to a Clause or sub-Clause of this 
Facility Agreement. 
1.3.2 
The terms “hereof”, “herein” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import shall mean the 
relevant Loan Agreement as a whole and not any particular part hereof. 
1.3.3 
Words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa. 
1.3.4 
The table of contents and the headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the 
construction hereof. 
1.3.5 
Any reference herein to a document being in “agreed form” means that the document in question 
has been agreed between the proposed parties thereto, subject to any amendments that such parties 
may agree upon prior to each Closing Date. 
2 
Loans 
2.1 
Loans 
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and, as the case may be, in each Loan Supplement, 
the Lender hereby agrees to make available to the Borrower Loans in principal amounts which, when 
aggregated with the principal amounts advanced under any Subordinated Loan Agreement, will not exceed 
the total aggregate amount equal to the Programme Limit. 
2.2 
Purpose

--- Page 209 ---
200 
 
The proceeds of each Loan will be used for general corporate purposes of the Borrower (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Loan Agreement), but the Lender shall not be concerned with the application 
thereof. 
2.3 
Separate Loans 
It is agreed that with respect to each Loan, all the provisions of this Facility Agreement and the Loan 
Supplement shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to each such Loan and the 
expressions “Account”, “Closing Date”, “Day Count Fraction”, “Facility Fee” “Interest Payment 
Date”, “Loan Agreement”, “Notes”, “Rate of Interest”, “Repayment Date”, “Specified Currency”, 
“Subscription Agreement” and “Trust Deed”, together with all other terms that relate to such a Loan shall 
be construed as referring to those of the particular Loan in question and not of all Loans unless expressly 
so provided, so that each such Loan shall be made pursuant to this Facility Agreement and the relevant 
Loan Supplement, together comprising the Loan Agreement in respect of such Loan and that, unless 
expressly provided, events affecting one Loan shall not affect any other. 
3 
Drawdown 
3.1 
Drawdown 
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and, as the case may be, in each Loan Supplement, 
on the Closing Date thereof the Lender shall make a Loan to the Borrower and the Borrower shall make a 
single drawing in the full amount of such Loan. 
3.2 
Facility Fee 
No later than one Business Day prior to each Closing Date, the Borrower shall pay the Facility Fee (as 
defined in the relevant Loan Supplement) to the Lender in consideration of the provision of such Loan in 
accordance with the separate fees and expenses side agreement between the Lender and the Borrower of 
even date herewith and in accordance with the invoice to be issued by the Lender to the Borrower no later 
than two Business Days before the relevant Closing Date. In the event that the relevant closing does not 
occur on the relevant Closing Date, the Lender shall refund to the Borrower the relevant Facility Fee within 
two Business Days of such Closing Date. 
3.3 
Disbursement 
Subject to the conditions set forth herein and, as the case may be, in each Loan Supplement, on each Closing 
Date the Lender shall transfer the full amount of the relevant Loan to the Borrower’s Account specified in 
the relevant Loan Supplement in the Same-Day Funds. 
4 
Interest 
4.1 
Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Loans 
Each Fixed Rate Loan bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the applicable Rate of 
Interest. 
If a Fixed Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
4.2 
Payment of Interest for Fixed Rate Loans 
Interest at the Rate of Interest shall accrue on each Fixed Rate Loan from day to day, starting from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date, in each case to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date and shall be paid in arrear by the 
Borrower to the Account not later than 10.00 a.m. (Relevant Time) one Business Day prior to each Interest 
Payment Date. 
4.3 
Interest for Floating Rate Loans 
4.3.1. 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Loan bears interest on its outstanding principal 
amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and thereafter from (and including) 
each Interest Payment Date, in each case to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the applicable Rate of Interest, which interest 
shall be paid in arrear by the Borrower to the relevant Account not later than 10.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Time) one Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are

--- Page 210 ---
201 
 
either shown in the relevant Loan Supplement as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Loan Supplement, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Loan Supplement as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
4.3.2. 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in the relevant Loan Supplement that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it 
not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
4.3.3. 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Loans: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Loans 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Loans 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Loan Supplement; 
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Loan Supplement; and 
(c) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Loans 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
in accordance with the following: 
(a) if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Relevant Screen Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates 
appear on that Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 211 ---
202 
 
(b) if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(I) above applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(II) above 
applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(c) if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
in the Relevant Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, in Europe as selected by the Calculation Agent are quoting 
at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent 
to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if 
the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to 
leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Relevant 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any 
difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period). 
If the Benchmark from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Loans is specified in the 
applicable Loan Supplement as being other than LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Loans will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Loan Supplement. 
4.4 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall accrue on each Loan up to, but excluding, the Repayment Date or Prepayment Date, as 
applicable, unless payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest to, but excluding, the date on 
which payment in full of the principal thereof is made. 
4.5 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
4.5.1. 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in 
the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Clause 4.3 above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate 
Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
4.5.2. 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
4.5.3. 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to a Loan Agreement (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
4.6 
Calculations

--- Page 212 ---
203 
 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Loan for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding principal amount of such Loan by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Loan 
for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
4.7 
Determination and Notification of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on 
such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in 
respect of such Floating Rate Loan for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Borrower, the 
Trustee, the Lender, each of the Paying Agents and any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
such Floating Rate Loan that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Clause 4.3.2, the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Borrower and the Lender by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If such Floating Rate Loan 
becomes due and payable under Clause 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of such Floating Rate Loan shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Clause. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
4.8 
Determination or Calculation by Independent Appraiser 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Period or any Interest Amount in relation to a Floating Rate Loan, the Lender and the Borrower 
agree that such determination or calculation may be made by or at the direction of a financial adviser or 
bank being a reputable financial institution appointed at its expense by the Borrower, provided it is not an 
Affiliate of the Lender, ABH Financial or any Material Subsidiary. 
4.9 
Definitions 
In this Clause 4, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Benchmark” has the meaning specified in the relevant Loan Supplement; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
such Specified Currency (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be Brussels for euro, New York 
City for U.S. dollars and Moscow for Roubles); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Loan for any 
period of time (from but excluding the first day of such period to and including the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the

--- Page 213 ---
204 
 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
Day Count Fraction = _______________________________________ 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
Day Count Fraction = _______________________________________ 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2”is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
Day Count Fraction = _______________________________________ 
360 
where:

--- Page 214 ---
205 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2”is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1”is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2”is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
‘“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement: 
(a) 
If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from but excluding a Determination Date in any year to and 
including the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is so specified, the first day of 
the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Loans, means the Fixed Amount or Broken Amount (each of which is 
specified in the relevant Loan Supplement), as the case may be. 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Closing Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London and for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified

--- Page 215 ---
206 
 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified herein. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that are most closely connected with the Benchmark 
(which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be Europe). 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with 
which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be 
Europe) or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Rate” means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the 
Effective Date. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date or Repayment Date, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if no time is specified, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and for this purpose “local time” means, with respect to Europe as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11.00 
hours, Brussels time. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the time. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, ignoring 
any adjustment pursuant to Clause 4.3.2. 
4.10 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Lender (failing which the Borrower) shall procure that there shall at all times be specified no less than 
four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and appointed one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in a Loan Supplement 
and for so long as any amount remains outstanding under a Loan Agreement. If any Reference Bank (acting 
through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Lender 
shall (with the prior approval of the Borrower) appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the 
Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of a Loan, references in the relevant Loan Agreement to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the relevant Loan Agreement. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, or 
to comply with any other requirement, the Lender shall (with the prior approval of the Borrower) appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other

--- Page 216 ---
207 
 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. Both the Borrower and the Lender agree 
that such successor Calculation Agent will be appointed on the terms of the Agency Agreement in relation 
to the relevant Loan Agreement. 
5 
Repayment and Prepayment 
5.1 
Repayment 
Except as otherwise provided herein and in the applicable Loan Supplement, the Borrower shall repay each 
Loan not later than 10.00 a.m. (Relevant Time) one Business Day prior to the Repayment Date therefor. 
5.2 
Prepayment in the Event of Taxes or Increased Costs 
If the Borrower is required to pay any Additional Amount pursuant to any Loan Agreement as provided by 
Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts) or any Tax Indemnity Amount pursuant to any Loan Agreement as 
provided by Clause 7.2 (Tax Indemnity), or if (for whatever reason) the Borrower would have to or has been 
required to pay additional amounts pursuant to any Loan Agreement pursuant to Clause 9 (Change in Law; 
Increase in Cost), and in any such case such obligation cannot or could not be avoided by the Borrower 
taking reasonable measures available to it, then the Borrower may (without premium or penalty), upon not 
more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Lender (which notice shall be irrevocable), prepay 
the Loan relating to the relevant Loan Agreement in whole (but not in part) on any Interest Payment Date, 
in the case of a Floating Rate Loan, or at any time, in the case of a Fixed Rate Loan, together with any 
amounts then payable under Clauses 7.1 (Additional Amounts), 7.2 (Tax Indemnity) or 9 (Change in Law; 
Increase in Cost) and pay the accrued and unpaid interest on such outstanding principal amount up to and 
excluding such prepayment date. Prior to giving any such notice in the event of the Borrower being obliged 
to make an additional payment pursuant to any Loan Agreement as referred to in this Clause 5.2, the 
Borrower shall address and deliver to the Lender an Officers’ Certificate confirming that the Borrower 
would be required to make such payment and that the obligation to make such payment cannot or could not 
be avoided by the Borrower taking reasonable measures available to it. 
5.3 
Prepayment in the Event of Illegality 
If, by reason of the introduction of any change in any applicable law, regulation, regulatory requirement or 
directive of any Agency at any time after the date of the relevant Loan Agreement, the Lender reasonably 
determines (such determination being accompanied, if so requested by the Borrower, by an Opinion of 
Counsel, with the cost of such Opinion of Counsel being borne solely by the Borrower) that it is or would 
be unlawful or contrary to such applicable law, regulation, regulatory requirement or directive for the 
Lender to allow all or part of the Loan relating to such Loan Agreement or the corresponding Series of 
Notes to remain outstanding or for the Lender to maintain or give effect to any of its obligations in 
connection with the relevant Loan Agreement and/or to charge or receive or to be paid interest at the rate 
then applicable to such Loan (an “Event of Illegality”), then upon notice by the Lender to the Borrower in 
writing (setting out in reasonable detail the nature and extent of the relevant circumstances), the Borrower 
and the Lender shall consult in good faith as to a basis which eliminates the application of such Event of 
Illegality; provided, however, that the Lender shall be under no obligation to continue such consultation if 
a basis has not been determined within 30 days of the date on which it so notified the Borrower. If such a 
basis has not been determined within the 30 days, then upon written notice by the Lender to the Borrower 
and the Trustee, the Borrower shall prepay such Loan (without penalty or premium) in whole but not in part 
(together with the interest accrued on the day of repayment), in the case of a Floating Rate Loan, on the 
next Interest Payment Date therefor, or, in the case of a Fixed Rate Loan, at any time or on such earlier date 
as the Lender shall certify to be necessary to comply with such requirements. 
5.4 
Reduction of a Loan Upon Cancellation of Corresponding Notes 
The Borrower, ABH Financial or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or ABH Financial, as the case may be, 
may from time to time, in accordance with the Conditions, purchase Notes in the open market or by tender 
or by a private agreement at any price and, at any time after the third anniversary of the relevant Closing 
Date, deliver to the Lender Notes, having an aggregate principal value of at least U.S.$1,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in a Specified Currency), together with a request for the Lender to present such Notes to the 
relevant Registrar for cancellation, and may also at any time after the third anniversary of the relevant 
Closing Date procure the delivery to the relevant Registrar of the relevant Global Notes with instructions 
to cancel a specified aggregate principal amount of Notes (being at least U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent 
in a Specified Currency) represented thereby (which instructions shall be accompanied by evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Registrar that the Borrower or ABH Financial or any Subsidiary of the Borrower 
or ABH Financial, as the case may be, is entitled to give such instructions), whereupon the Lender shall, 
pursuant to Clause 9.1 of the Agency Agreement, request the relevant Registrar to cancel such Notes (or

--- Page 217 ---
208 
 
specified aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the relevant Global Notes). Upon any such 
cancellation by or on behalf of the relevant Registrar, the principal amount of the Loan corresponding to 
the principal amount of such Notes shall be deemed to be prepaid for all purposes as of the date of such 
cancellation and no further payment shall be made or required to be made by the Borrower in respect of 
such amounts. 
5.5 
Payment of Other Amounts and Costs of Prepayment 
If a Loan is to be prepaid by the Borrower pursuant to any of the provisions of this Clause 5 (except in the 
case of Clause 5.4), the Borrower shall, simultaneously with such prepayment, pay to the Lender accrued 
interest thereon to the date of actual payment and all other sums payable by the Borrower pursuant to the 
relevant Loan Agreement. 
5.6 
Provisions Exclusive 
The Borrower shall not prepay or repay any Loan except at the times and in the manner expressly provided 
in this Agreement. The Borrower shall not be permitted to re-borrow any amounts prepaid or repaid. 
5.7 
Notice of Discharge 
Upon the repayment or prepayment, in accordance with this Clause 5, of the relevant Loan together with 
any accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment or actual payment and all other sums payable by the 
Borrower pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement, the Lender shall within five Business Days deliver to 
the Borrower a notice of discharge in the form of a deed drafted by the Borrower acknowledging the full 
and complete discharge of the Borrower’s duties, obligations and liabilities under or in respect of the 
relevant Loan Agreement and irrevocably and unconditionally releasing and discharging the Borrower from 
any and all future: 
5.7.1. claims or demands that the Lender has or may have against the Borrower; and  
5.7.2. duties, obligations and liabilities that the Borrower has, or may have, to the Lender,  
5.7.3. under or in respect of the relevant Loan Agreement. 
6 
Payments 
6.1 
Making of Payments 
All payments of principal, interest and additional amounts to be made by the Borrower under each Loan 
Agreement shall be made unconditionally by credit transfer to the Lender not later than 10.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Time) one Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date (as the case may be) 
or on such other date as may be specified therein in Same-Day Funds to the relevant Account or as the 
Trustee may otherwise direct following the occurrence of a an Event of Default or a Relevant Event (as 
defined in the Trust Deed). The Borrower shall, before 10.00 a.m. (Relevant Time) one Business Day prior 
to each Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date (as the case may be) and in the case of any other 
payments made in connection with Clause 5 (Repayment and Prepayment), two Business Days prior to the 
date on which such prepayment or repayment is due to be made, procure that the bank effecting such 
payments on its behalf confirms to the Principal Paying Agent by tested telex or authenticated SWIFT 
message the payment instructions relating to such payment. The Lender agrees with the Borrower that it 
will not deposit any other monies into such Account and that no withdrawals shall be made from such 
Account other than as provided for and in accordance with the relevant Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
6.2 
No Set-Off or Counterclaim 
All payments to be made by the Borrower under each Loan Agreement shall be made in full without set-
off or counterclaim (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any set-off or counterclaim in respect of any 
amounts owed to the Borrower under any other Loan Agreement) and shall be made free and clear of and 
without deduction for or on account of any set-off or counterclaim. 
6.3 
Alternative Payment Arrangements 
If, at any time, it shall become impracticable, by reason of any action of any governmental authority or any 
change of law, exchange control regulations or any similar event, for the Borrower to make any payments 
under a Loan Agreement in the manner specified in Clause 6.1 (Making of Payments), then the Borrower 
may agree with the Lender and the Trustee alternative arrangements for such payments to be made; provided 
that, in the absence of any such agreement, the Borrower shall be obliged to make all payments due to the 
Lender in the manner specified in such Loan Agreement.

--- Page 218 ---
209 
 
7 
Taxes 
7.1 
Additional Amounts 
All payments made by the Borrower under each Loan shall be made (except to the extent required by law) 
free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes imposed, collected, 
withheld, assessed or levied on behalf of any government or political subdivision or territory or possession 
of any government or authority or Agency therein having the power to tax (each a “Taxing Authority”) 
within Russia or Ireland. If the Lender or Borrower becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than or in addition to Russia or Ireland, as the case may be, references to jurisdiction in this Clause 
7.1 shall be construed as references to Russia and/or Ireland and/or such other jurisdiction and in addition, 
upon enforcement of the fixed charge in the Trust Deed over certain rights, benefits and/or obligations 
under this Agreement, references in this Clause 7.1 to “Ireland” shall be construed as references to the 
jurisdiction which the Trustee is a resident of and acting through for tax purposes. 
If the Borrower is required by applicable law to make any deduction or withholding from any payment 
under or in respect of a Loan Agreement for or on account of any such Taxes referred to in the preceding 
paragraph of this Clause 7.1, it shall, on the date such payment is made, pay such additional amounts 
(“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary to ensure that the Lender receives and retains a net amount 
in the Specified Currency equal to the full amount which it would have received and retained had such 
deduction or withholding not been required and shall promptly account to the relevant authorities (within 
the time specified by legislation) for the relevant amount of such Taxes so withheld or deducted and shall 
deliver to the Lender without undue delay evidence satisfactory to the Lender of such deduction or 
withholding and of the accounting therefore to the relevant Taxing Authority. If the Lender is or will be 
subject to any liability or required to make any payment for or on account of Taxes in relation to a sum 
received or receivable (or any sum deemed for the purposes of Tax to be received or receivable) under or 
in respect of a Series of the Notes, the Borrower shall on demand pay to the Lender an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the loss, liability or cost which the Lender, or as the case maybe, Trustee has 
or will have (directly or indirectly) suffered for or on account of Tax by the Lender or the Noteholders of 
such Series. 
7.2 
Tax Indemnity 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts), if the Lender notifies the Borrower 
(setting out in reasonable detail the nature and extent of the obligation with such evidence as the Borrower 
may reasonably require) that it is obliged (or would be but for the limited recourse nature of the Notes) to 
make any withholding or deduction for or on account of any Taxes from any payment that is due, or would 
otherwise be due but for the imposition of any such withholding or deduction for or on account of any such 
Taxes, pursuant to a Series of the Notes, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Lender, no later than 10:00 a.m. 
(Relevant Time) one Business Day prior to the date on which payment is due to the Noteholders of such 
Series in Same-Day Funds to the relevant Account, an additional amount as may be necessary to ensure 
that the Lender receives and retains a net amount in the Specified Currency equal to such additional amount 
as the Lender is required to pay in order that the net amount received by the Noteholders after such 
deduction or withholding will equal the respective amounts which would have been received by the 
Noteholders in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the Lender shall 
immediately upon receipt from any Paying Agent of any sums paid pursuant to this provision, to the extent 
that any Noteholders of such Series are not entitled to such additional amounts pursuant to the Conditions 
of such Series of the Notes, repay such additional amounts to the Borrower as are recovered (it being 
understood that none of the Lender, or any Paying Agent shall have any obligation to determine whether 
any Noteholder of such Series is entitled to such additional amount). All payments under this Clause 7.2 
will be made by the Borrower, subject to the relevant expenses being properly documented. 
Without prejudice to, and without duplication of the provisions of Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts), if at 
any time the Lender makes or is required to make any payment to a Person (other than to or for the account 
of any Noteholder) on account of Tax in respect of a Loan or in respect of a Series of the Notes imposed by 
any Taxing Authority in the jurisdiction in which the Lender is resident for tax purposes, or any liability in 
respect of any such payment is asserted, imposed, levied or assessed against the Lender, the Borrower shall, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within 30 calendar days of, written demand (setting out 
in reasonable detail the nature and extent of the obligation with such evidence as the Borrower may 
reasonably require) made by the Lender, indemnify the Lender against any such payment or liability, or any 
claim, demand, action, damages or loss in respect thereof, together with any interest, penalties, costs and 
expenses (including without limitation, legal fees and any applicable value added tax properly payable) 
payable or incurred in connection therewith.

--- Page 219 ---
210 
 
Any payments required to be made by the Borrower under this Clause 7.2 are collectively referred to as 
“Tax Indemnity Amounts”. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Clause 7.2 shall not apply 
to any withholding or deductions of Taxes with respect to the Loan which are subject to payment of 
Additional Amounts under Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts). 
If the Lender intends to make a claim for any Tax Indemnity Amounts, it shall promptly notify the Borrower 
thereof. 
7.3 
Tax Credits and Refunds 
If an Additional Amount is paid under Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts) or a Tax Indemnity Amount is paid 
under Clause 7.2 (Tax Indemnity) by the Borrower and the Lender, in its absolute discretion, determines 
that it has received or been granted a credit against, a relief, remission for, or a repayment of any Taxes, 
then if and to the extent that the Lender determines that such credit, relief, remission or repayment (a “Tax 
Benefit”) is in respect of or calculated with reference to the deduction or withholding giving rise to such 
increased payment, or as the case may be in respect of an additional payment with reference to the loss, 
liability or cost giving rise to the additional payment, the Lender shall, to the extent that it determines in its 
absolute discretion that it can do so without prejudice to its right to the amount of such credit, relief, 
remission or repayment and without worsening the position it would have been in had such Additional 
Amount or Tax Indemnity Amount not been required to be repaid, repay to the Borrower an amount equal 
to such amount as is attributable to such deduction or withholding or, as the case may be, such loss, liability 
or cost. 
Nothing contained in this Clause 7.3 shall interfere with the right of the Lender to arrange its tax affairs in 
whatever manner it thinks fit nor oblige the Lender to disclose any confidential information or any 
information relating to its tax affairs, any computations in respect thereof, or its business or any part of its 
business. 
If the Borrower makes a withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes from a payment under or in 
respect of a Loan Agreement and if an Additional Amount is paid under Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts) 
or a Tax Indemnity Amount is paid under Clause 7.2 (Tax Indemnity) by the Borrower, the Borrower may 
apply on behalf of the Lender to the relevant Russian Taxing Authority for a payment to be made by such 
authorities to the Lender with respect to such Tax. If, whether following a claim made on its behalf by the 
Borrower or otherwise, the Lender receives and retains such a payment (“Russian Tax Payment”) from 
the Russian Taxing Authority with respect to such Taxes, it will as soon as reasonably possible notify the 
Borrower that it has received and retained that payment (and the amount of such payment); whereupon, 
provided that the Borrower has notified the Lender in writing of the details of an account (the “Borrower 
Account”) to which a payment or transfer should be made, and that the Lender is able to make a payment 
or transfer under applicable laws and regulations and without worsening the position it would have been in 
had such Additional Amount or Tax Indemnity Amount not been required to be paid, the Lender will pay 
or transfer an amount equal to the Russian Tax Payment to the Borrower Account. 
7.4 
Tax Treaty Relief 
The Lender, at the cost and upon the instructions of the Borrower (such costs to be properly documented 
by the Lender), shall make reasonable and timely efforts to assist the Borrower with completing procedural 
formalities necessary to obtain relief from withholding of Russian income tax pursuant to the double 
taxation treaty between Russia and the jurisdiction in which the Lender is resident, including its obligations 
under Clause 7.5 (Delivery of Forms). 
7.5 
Delivery of Forms 
The Lender shall, at the cost of the Borrower (such costs to be properly documented by the Lender) and at 
the request of the Borrower but not later than 20 calendar days prior to the date of the first Interest Payment 
Date (and thereafter as soon as possible at the beginning of each calendar year, but not later than 20 Business 
days prior to the first Interest Payment Date with respect to any Loan in that year), use its best efforts to 
deliver to the Borrower a certificate issued by the Revenue Commissioners in Ireland (or such Qualifying 
Jurisdiction in which the Lender or any successor thereto is resident for tax purposes) confirming the status 
of the Lender as a resident of Ireland for the purposes of the Agreement between Ireland and the Russian 
Federation for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to taxes on income (the “Ireland-Russia 
DTT”) for the appropriate year (or such Qualifying Jurisdiction in which the Lender or any successor 
thereto is resident for tax purposes) (the “Residency Certificate”), provided the Residency Certificate shall 
be properly legalised or apostilled by the Lender. The Lender shall (to the extent it is able to do so under 
applicable law including Russian laws) each year while any Loan remains outstanding no less than 30

--- Page 220 ---
211 
 
Business Days before the Interest Payment Date with respect to such Loan in that particular year (and at 
the request of the Borrower), use its best efforts to deliver to the Borrower at the cost of the Borrower any 
other documents, together with a power of attorney prepared by the Borrower with, if requested and at the 
cost of the Borrower, an independent English translation thereof authorising the Borrower to make the 
relevant filings with the Russian tax authorities and such other information as may need to be duly 
completed and delivered by the Lender to enable the Borrower to apply to obtain relief from deduction or 
withholding of Russian tax after the date of this Agreement or, as the case may be, to apply to obtain a tax 
refund if a relief from deduction or withholding of Russian tax has not been obtained. The Lender shall not 
be responsible for any failure to provide, or any delays in providing, the Residency Certificate as a result 
of any action or inaction of any authority of Ireland (provided that the Residency Certificate has been 
properly requested by the Lender and reasonably sufficient time has been allowed for the authorities in 
Ireland to issue such certificate), but shall notify the Borrower as soon as practicable about any such failure 
or delay with an indication of the actions taken by the Lender to obtain the Residency Certificate. The 
application form and, if required, other documents provided by the Lender referred to in this Clause 7.5 
shall be duly signed by the Lender, if applicable, and stamped or otherwise approved or certified by the 
Revenue Commissioners in Ireland at the cost of the Borrower, if applicable, and the power of attorney 
shall be duly signed and apostilled or otherwise legalised at the cost of the Borrower. If a relief from 
deduction or withholding of Russian tax or a tax refund under this Clause 7.5 has not been obtained and 
further to an application of the Borrower to the relevant Russian tax authorities the latter requests the 
Lender’s Rouble bank account details, the Lender shall at the request of the Borrower (a) use reasonable 
efforts to procure that such Rouble bank account of the Lender is duly opened and maintained, and (b) 
thereafter furnish the Borrower with the details of such Rouble bank account. The Borrower shall pay for 
all costs associated, if any, with opening and maintaining such Rouble bank account. 
The Borrower and the Lender (using its best endeavours and in accordance with applicable law) agree that 
should the Russian legislation regulating the procedure for obtaining an exemption from Russian income 
tax withholding or the interpretation thereof by the relevant competent authority change, then the procedure 
referred to in this Clause 7.5 will be deemed changed accordingly. 
The Borrower shall advise the Lender as soon as reasonably practicable of any modification to or 
development in Russian tax laws and regulations which affect or are capable of affecting the relief of the 
Lender from Russian withholding tax in respect of payments under any Loan Agreement in order to ensure 
that, prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at the beginning of each calendar year, the Lender can 
provide the Borrower with the documents required under applicable Russian law for the relief of the Lender 
from Russian withholding tax in respect of payments under such Loan Agreement. 
7.6 
Mitigation 
If at any time either party hereto becomes aware of circumstances which would or might, then or thereafter, 
give rise to an obligation on the part of the Borrower to make any deduction, withholding or payment as 
described in Clauses 7.1 (Additional Amounts) or 7.2 (Tax Indemnity), then, without in any way limiting, 
reducing or otherwise qualifying the Lender’s rights, or the Borrower’s obligations, under such Clauses, 
such party shall promptly upon becoming aware of such circumstances notify the other party, in writing 
and, thereupon the parties shall consider and consult with each other in good faith with a view to finding, 
agreeing upon and implementing a method or methods by which any such obligation may be avoided or 
mitigated and, to the extent that the parties can do so without taking any action which in the reasonable 
opinion of such party is prejudicial to its own position, take such reasonable steps as may be reasonably 
available to it to avoid such obligation or mitigate the effect of such circumstance including in the case of 
the Lender (without limitation) by transfer of its rights or obligations under the relevant Loan Agreement(s) 
(but only in accordance with the Conditions); provided, however, that the Lender shall, in no circumstance, 
be required to undertake any expense prior to being ensured to its satisfaction that it will be reimbursed 
therefore. 
7.7 
Lender Notification 
The Lender agrees promptly, upon becoming actually aware thereof, to notify the Borrower if it ceases to 
be resident in Ireland or a Qualifying Jurisdiction or if any of the representations and warranties of the 
Lender set forth in the Dealer Agreement or the relevant Subscription Agreement are no longer true and 
correct. 
8 
Conditions Precedent 
The obligation of the Lender to make each Loan shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that as 
of the relevant Closing Date (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (b)

--- Page 221 ---
212 
 
the Borrower shall not be in breach of any of the terms, conditions and provisions of the relevant Loan 
Agreement, (c) the relevant Subscription Agreement, Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement shall have 
been executed and delivered, and the Lender shall have received the full amount of the proceeds of the issue 
of the corresponding Series of Notes pursuant to such Subscription Agreement and (d) the Lender shall 
have received in full the amount of the Facility Fee referred to in Clause 3.2, if due and payable, above, as 
specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
9 
Change in Law; Increase in Cost 
9.1 
Compensation 
In the event that after the date of a Loan Agreement there is any change in or introduction of any tax, law, 
regulation, regulatory requirement or official directive (whether or not having the force of law but, if not 
having the force of law, the observance of which is in accordance with the generally accepted financial 
practice of financial institutions in the country concerned) or in the interpretation or application thereof by 
any person charged with the administration thereof and/or any compliance by the Lender in respect of such 
Loan with any request, policy or guideline (whether or not having the force of law but, if not having the 
force of law, the observance of which is in accordance with the generally accepted financial practice of 
financial institutions in the country concerned) from or of any central or other fiscal, monetary or other 
authority, agency or any official of any such authority which: 
9.1.1. subjects or will subject the Lender to any Taxes with respect to payments of principal of or interest 
on such Loan or any other amount payable under such Loan Agreement (other than any Taxes 
payable by the Lender on its overall net income, capital gains or any Taxes referred to in Clause 
7.1 (Additional Amounts)); or 
9.1.2. increases or will increase the taxation of or changes or will change the basis of taxation of payments 
to the Lender of principal of or interest on such Loan or any other amount payable under such Loan 
Agreement (other than any such increase or change which arises by reason of any increase in the 
rate of tax payable by the Lender on its overall net income, capital gains or as a result of any Taxes 
referred to in Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts)); or 
9.1.3. imposes or will impose on the Lender any other condition affecting such Loan Agreement or such 
Loan, 
and if as a result of any of the foregoing: 
(i) 
the cost to the Lender of making, funding or maintaining such Loan is increased; or 
(ii) 
the amount of principal, interest or other amount payable to or received by the Lender under 
such Loan Agreement is reduced; or 
(iii) 
the Lender makes any payment or foregoes any interest or other return on or calculated by 
reference to the gross amount of any sum receivable by it from the Borrower or makes any 
payment or foregoes any interest or other return on or calculated by reference to the gross 
amount of such Loan, 
then subject to the following, and in each such case: 
(a) the Lender shall, as soon as practicable after becoming actually aware of such increased 
cost, reduced amount or payment made or foregone, give written notice to the 
Borrower, together with a certificate signed by an authorised attorney of the Lender 
describing in reasonable detail the introduction or change or request which has 
occurred and the country or jurisdiction concerned and the nature and date thereof and 
demonstrating the connection between such introduction, change or request and such 
increased cost, reduced amount or payment made or foregone, and setting out in 
reasonable detail the basis on which such amount has been calculated, and all relevant 
supporting documents evidencing the matters set out in such certificate; and 
(b) the Borrower, in the case of sub-Clauses (i) and (iii) above, shall on demand by the 
Lender, pay to the Lender such additional amount as shall be necessary to compensate 
the Lender for such increased cost, and, in the case of sub-Clause (ii) above, at the time 
the amount so reduced would otherwise have been payable, pay to the Lender such 
additional amount as shall be necessary to compensate the Lender for such reduction, 
payment or foregone interest or other return; provided, however, the amount of such 
increased cost shall be deemed not to exceed an amount equal to the proportion thereof

--- Page 222 ---
213 
 
which is directly attributable to such Loan Agreement, 
provided, however, that this Clause 9.1 will not apply to or in respect of any matter for which the 
Lender has already been compensated under Clause 7.1 (Additional Amounts) or Clause 7.2 (Tax 
Indemnity). 
9.2 
Lender Tax Event 
If, as a result of a change in the law, practice or interpretation of the law, the Lender is unable to obtain 
relief in computing its Irish tax liability for some or all of the interest payable on the Notes (having duly 
and timely claimed such relief and notwithstanding receipt of confirmation from the relevant tax authorities 
that such relief is available), the Borrower agrees to pay such additional amount to the Lender that the 
Lender reasonably determines would be necessary to ensure the Lender receives the amount it would have 
received and retained had such relief been obtained. The Borrower’s obligation to pay such additional 
amounts shall survive the termination of the Loan Agreement. 
9.3 
Mitigation 
In the event that the Lender becomes entitled to make a claim pursuant to Clause 9.1 (Compensation) or 
9.2 (Lender Tax Event) the Lender shall consult in good faith with the Borrower and shall use reasonable 
efforts (based on the Lender’s reasonable interpretation of any tax, law, regulation, requirement, official 
directive, request, policy or guideline) to reduce, in whole or in part, the Borrower’s obligations to pay any 
additional amount pursuant to such Clause, except that nothing in this Clause 9.3 shall oblige the Lender to 
incur any costs or expenses in taking any action hereunder unless the Borrower agrees to reimburse the 
Lender such costs or expenses. 
10 
Covenants 
Provided that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent ABH Financial or the Borrower from entering into 
any ABH Financial Limited Permitted Reorganisation, any Contemplated Disposal or any Permitted 
Disposal in accordance with this Agreement, so long as any sum remains outstanding under a Loan 
Agreement: 
10.1 
Negative Pledge 
The Borrower shall not and shall procure that no Material Subsidiary shall, directly or indirectly, create, 
incur or suffer to exist any Lien, other than a Permitted Lien, on any of its assets, now owned or hereafter 
acquired, securing any Indebtedness unless (i) the Notes are secured equally and rateably with such other 
Indebtedness or (ii) such other security for the Notes, as may be approved by the Trustee or an Extraordinary 
Resolution or Written Resolution of the Noteholders (as defined in the Trust Deed), is provided. 
10.2 
Limitation on Affiliate Transactions 
The Borrower shall not, and shall procure that no Material Subsidiary shall, directly, or indirectly, conduct 
any business or permit to exist or enter into any transaction or series of related transactions (including the 
purchase, sale, transfer, assignment, lease, conveyance or exchange of any property, the rendering of any 
service, the making of any loan or guarantee or the creation of any other contingent obligation, whether 
directly or indirectly) with or for the benefit of any of its respective Affiliates (each an “Affiliate 
Transaction”) unless: 
(i) 
the terms of such Affiliate Transaction are no less favourable to the Borrower or relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that would be obtained in a comparable arms-length 
transaction with a person that is not an Affiliate of such Person; and 
(ii) 
if the fair market value of such Affiliate Transaction as determined by the appropriate decision-
making body with the authority to make such decision of the Borrower or relevant Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in excess of 10 per cent. of the total assets of the Group (as 
determined by reference to the latest audited consolidated financial statements of ABH Financial 
prepared in accordance with IFRS), such decision-making body shall have received a written opinion 
from an Independent Appraiser (a copy of which opinion shall be provided to the Trustee) that such 
Affiliate Transaction is fair to the Borrower or relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
from a financial point of view; such written opinion of an Independent Appraiser may be relied upon 
by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
This Clause 10.2 does not apply to (a) compensation or employee benefit arrangements with any officer or

--- Page 223 ---
214 
 
director of the Borrower or a Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, arising as a result of their employment 
contract, (b) any Affiliate Transaction between the Borrower and any of its Material Subsidiaries or any 
Affiliate Transaction between any Subsidiaries of the Borrower, (c) any Affiliate Transaction entered into 
prior to the date of the relevant Loan Supplement the terms of which were disclosed in the Prospectus, (d) 
any Permitted Disposal, (e) any Contemplated Disposal, (f) any ABH Financial Limited Permitted 
Reorganisation or (g) unless otherwise included within (a) through (g) as aforesaid, Affiliate Transactions 
involving an aggregate amount not to exceed, in any calendar year, 3 per cent. of ABH Financial’s total 
equity determined in accordance with IFRS (as calculated by reference to the then latest audited 
consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial). 
10.3 
Maintenance of Capital Adequacy 
The Borrower shall ensure full compliance with mandatory ratios and other requirements of the Central 
Bank. 
10.4 
Maintenance of authorisations 
The Borrower shall and shall procure that each Material Subsidiary shall, take all action which may be 
necessary to (i) ensure the obtaining and continuance of, all consents, licences, approvals and authorisations 
required in or by the laws of the Russian Federation or any relevant jurisdiction or regulatory authority 
thereof or having regulatory authority therein and (ii) make or cause to be made all registrations, recordings 
and filings which may at any time be required to be obtained or made in the Russian Federation or any 
relevant jurisdiction or regulatory authority thereof or having regulatory authority therein where failure to 
obtain or continue any such consent, licence, approval or authorisation or make any such registration, 
recording or filing is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
10.5 
Limitation on change of business 
The Borrower shall not make any change to the general nature or scope of its business from that carried on 
at the date of the relevant Loan Supplement which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
10.6 
Limitation on sale of assets 
The Borrower shall not and shall procure that no Material Subsidiary of the Borrower shall, in any financial 
year, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, by one or more transactions or series of transactions 
(whether related or not, but not including Permitted Disposals, Contemplated Disposals or any ABH 
Financial Limited Permitted Reorganisation), the whole or any part of its assets which results in a decrease 
in excess of 10% in the consolidated total assets of the Group (as determined by reference to the latest 
audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial) to any person unless such transaction: 
(i) 
is on an arm’s length basis and on commercially reasonable terms; and 
(ii) 
has been approved by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the relevant company resolving that 
the transaction complies with the requirements of this Clause and such resolution has been adopted 
by a majority of the disinterested members of such Board of Directors or, if there are insufficient 
disinterested members, by a majority of such Board of Directors acting in good faith or, in the case 
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incorporated in Russia, approved by any relevant 
managing body of the Borrower, adopted in good faith and in accordance with the relevant 
requirements of the laws of the Russian Federation and the Borrower’s constitutive documents and 
that a copy (in English) of such resolution has been delivered to the Trustee. 
10.7 
Limitation on merger and consolidation 
The Borrower shall not and shall procure that no Material Subsidiary shall, without the prior written consent 
of the Trustee, enter into any reorganisation (whether by way of a merger, accession, division, separation 
or transformation, as these terms may be construed in accordance with applicable laws or participate in any 
other type of corporation reconstruction, other than any Contemplated Disposal (each such reorganisation 
or reconstruction, other than any Contemplated Disposal, a “Reorganisation”)) unless such Reorganisation 
would not or does not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
10.8 
Covenant fall away 
From and after the date on which the (i) Borrower has reached the Investment Grade Status, and (ii) 
provided that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time, the Borrower shall 
be released from its obligations to comply with Clause 10.4 and Clause 10.5, and non-compliance with such

--- Page 224 ---
215 
 
Clauses 10.4 and 10.5 will not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to Clause 11. 
10.9 
FATCA Compliance 
The Borrower hereby agrees with the Lender that it will provide the Lender with sufficient information (as 
is available to the Borrower), provide all reasonable assistance necessary, and pay any costs associated with, 
compliance by the Lender with Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof. 
11 
Events of Default 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The Borrower hereby agrees with the Lender that it will provide the Lender with sufficient information (as 
is available to the Borrower), provide all reasonable assistance necessary, and pay any costs associated 
with, compliance by the Lender with Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof. 
If one or more of the following events shall occur (but in the case of the happening of any of the events 
mentioned in Clauses 11.1.5, 11.1.6, 11.1.8, 11.1.9, 11.1.10, 11.1.11, 11.1.13 or 11.1.14 below (in each 
case so far as they relate to a Material Subsidiary other than the Borrower) or Clauses 11.1.2, and 11.1.16 
below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing that such event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) (each, an “Event of Default”), the Lender shall be entitled to 
the remedies set forth in Clause 11.3. 
11.1.1. Non Payment 
default is made for more than seven Business Days in the payment on the due date of interest or 
principal payable hereunder; or 
11.1.2. Breach of Other Obligations 
the Borrower fails to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under this 
Agreement which default is incapable of remedy or if, in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of 
remedy, is not to the satisfaction of the Trustee remedied within 30 Business Days after notice of 
such default shall have been given to the Borrower by the Trustee; or 
11.1.3. Cross Default 
(i) 
any Indebtedness (other than an Acquired Indebtedness and/or Domestic Debt) of the 
Borrower or ABH Financial becomes, as a result of a Specified Default that is not an 
Excluded Event, due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of 
the Borrower or ABH Financial, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness of the Borrower or ABH Financial (other than an Acquired Indebtedness 
and/or Domestic Debt) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable 
grace period; or 
(iii) 
the Borrower or ABH Financial fails to pay when due (or within any applicable grace 
period) any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity 
in respect of, any Indebtedness (other than an Acquired Indebtedness and/or Domestic 
Debt), 
provided that the aggregate amount of the Indebtedness (without double counting) in respect of 
which one or more of the events mentioned above in this Clause 11.1.3 have occurred equals or 
exceeds 3 per cent. of ABH Financial’s total equity determined in accordance with IFRS (as 
calculated by reference to the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH 
Financial); or 
11.1.4. Judgment 
a final judgment or order or arbitration award for the payment of an aggregate amount in excess of 
3 per cent. of ABH Financial’s total equity determined in accordance with IFRS (as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited consolidated IFRS financial statements of ABH Financial)is 
recorded or granted against any Material Subsidiary and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a

--- Page 225 ---
216 
 
period of 60 days after the date thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
11.1.5. Security Enforced 
an encumbrancer takes possession, or an administrative or other receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any Material 
Subsidiary, and such action is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
11.1.6. Insolvency 
any of the Borrower or a Material Subsidiary: 
(i)stops payment of all or a substantial part of its debts; or 
(ii)otherwise than for the purposes of such a consolidation, amalgamation, merger, reconstruction 
or voluntary solvent winding-up or dissolution as is referred to in sub-Clauses 11.1.7 
(Winding up of the Borrower) and 11.1.8 (Winding up of Material Subsidiary), ceases or 
through an official action of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such Material 
Subsidiary (as the case may be) threatens not to carry on business, 
and where such action relates to a Material Subsidiary, the action is likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; or 
11.1.7. Winding up of the Borrower 
an effective resolution is passed or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made that the 
Borrower be wound up, liquidated or dissolved other than for the purposes of or pursuant to and 
followed by a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
11.1.8. Winding up of Material Subsidiary 
an effective resolution is passed or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made for the 
winding up or dissolution of any Material Subsidiary except: 
(a) 
for the purposes of or pursuant to and followed by a consolidation, amalgamation with or 
merger into the Borrower or ABH Financial or any Subsidiary of ABH Financial, provided 
that the new entity formed or coming into existence as a result of such consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction of any such Material Subsidiary, shall be a 
Material Subsidiary; 
(b) 
for the purposes of or pursuant to and followed by a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or reconstruction (other than described in (a) above) the terms of which shall have been 
previously approved in writing by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(c) 
by way of a voluntary winding up or dissolution as a result of which there are surplus 
assets of such Material Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower which are to be distributed 
to the Borrower, provided in each case that any Reorganisation in relation to which such 
resolution or order is passed or made would not breach Clause 10.7 (Limitation on Merger 
and Consolidation); or 
(d) 
where the Borrower can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Lender, that such resolution 
does not have and is not likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
11.1.9. Insolvency Proceedings Initiated by a Third Party 
Any Material Subsidiary is declared insolvent or bankrupt by a competent court or judiciary, or 
proceedings shall have been initiated against any Material Subsidiary under any applicable 
bankruptcy, reorganisation or insolvency law provided that such proceedings shall not have been 
(i) discharged or stayed within a period of 120 days or (ii) demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Lender to be vexatious or frivolous and to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
11.1.10. Other Insolvency Proceedings 
Any Material Subsidiary shall initiate or consent to proceedings relating to itself under any 
applicable bankruptcy, reorganisation or insolvency law or make a general assignment for the

--- Page 226 ---
217 
 
benefit of, or enter into a general composition or arrangement with or for the benefit of, its creditors; 
or 
11.1.11.Moratorium 
a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Material Subsidiary or 
any governmental authority or agency condemns, seizes, compulsorily purchases, transfers or 
expropriates all or a material part of the assets, licences or shares of any Material Subsidiary and 
such seizure, compulsory purchase, transfer or expropriation by such governmental authority or 
agency is not reversed, ceased or terminated and the relevant assets, licences or shares (or part 
thereof) returned or transferred back to the relevant Person within seven days of the occurrence of 
such event; or 
11.1.12.Ownership 
ABH Financial ceases to hold and/or control (directly or indirectly) in excess of 50 per cent. of the 
shares in the Borrower; or 
11.1.13.Licences 
without prejudice to Clause 11.1.14 (Banking Licence/CBR Reorganisation), any licence, 
authorisation, exemption, permit or approval required by any Material Subsidiary to carry on its 
respective business or any material part of its business is revoked or withdrawn or expires and is 
not renewed or otherwise ceases to apply or be in full force and effect and the failure to possess 
such licence, authorisation, exemption, permit or approval is likely to have a Material Adverse 
Effect; or 
11.1.14.Banking Licence/CBR Reorganisation 
(i) either of the Borrower’s or, in the case of a Material Subsidiary which operates a banking 
business, such Material Subsidiary’s banking licence is revoked, suspended, restricted or 
withdrawn or expires or is not renewed (on the same or substantially the same terms so far as 
applicable legislation permits) or otherwise ceases to be in full force and effect and, in the case of 
a Material Subsidiary, such revocation, suspension, restriction, withdrawal, expiry or non renewal 
is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) the Central Bank initiates a reorganisation or 
appoints a temporary administrator of the Borrower on account of the failure of the Borrower to 
pay its debts when they fall due or to comply with any applicable mandatory economic ratio 
prescribed by Russian legislation; or 
11.1.15.Illegality, etc 
any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order to (i) enable 
the Borrower lawfully to enter into and perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect 
of the Notes, the Trust Deed and the Borrower Agreements, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are 
legal, valid and binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Trust Deed and the 
Borrower Agreements admissible in evidence in the courts of Ireland and the Russian Federation 
is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
11.1.16.Analogous Events 
any event occurs that under the laws of the Russian Federation, United Kingdom, United States of 
America or Ireland has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing 
paragraphs. 
11.2 
Notice of Default 
The Borrower shall deliver to the Lender and the Trustee (i) within seven Business Days of any written 
request by the Lender or the Trustee; or (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers’ Certificate stating whether any Default or 
Event of Default has occurred, its status and what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with 
respect thereto. 
11.3 
Default Remedies 
If any Event of Default shall occur, the Lender and/or Trustee, as applicable in accordance with the Trust 
Deed, may, by notice in writing to the Borrower (a) declare the obligations of the Lender hereunder to be

--- Page 227 ---
218 
 
terminated, whereupon such obligations shall terminate; and (b) declare the Loan to be immediately due 
and payable by the Borrower and declare all other amounts accrued and/or payable hereunder by the 
Borrower up to (and including) the date of such termination to be immediately due and payable, whereupon 
all such amounts shall become immediately due and payable, all without diligence, presentment, demand 
of payment, protest or notice of any kind, which are expressly waived by the Borrower. 
11.4 
Rights Not Exclusive 
The rights provided for in the Loan Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights, 
powers, privileges or remedies provided by law. 
11.5 
Right of Set-off 
If any amount payable by the Borrower under the relevant Loan Agreement is not paid as and when due, 
the Borrower authorises the Lender to proceed, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, without 
prior notice, by right of set-off, banker’s lien, counterclaim or otherwise, against any assets of the Borrower 
in any currency that may at any time be in the possession of the Lender, at any branch or office, to the 
fullest extent of all amounts payable to the Lender under such Loan Agreement. 
12 
Default Interest and Indemnity 
12.1 
Default Interest Periods 
If any sum due and payable by the Borrower under any Loan Agreement is not paid on the due date therefor 
in accordance with the provisions of Clause 6 (Payments) or if any sum due and payable by the Borrower 
under any judgment of any court in connection with such Loan Agreement is not paid on the date of such 
judgment, the period beginning on such due date or, as the case may be, the date of such judgment and 
ending on the date upon which the obligation of the Borrower to pay such sum (the balance thereof for the 
time being unpaid being herein referred to as an “unpaid sum”) is discharged shall be divided into 
successive periods, each of which (other than the first, which shall commence on and shall include the day 
on which such unpaid sum is initially due and payable and unpaid) shall start on the last day of the preceding 
such period and the duration of each of which shall (except as otherwise provided in this Clause 12 (Default 
Interest and Indemnity)) be selected by the Lender (but shall in any event not be longer than one month). 
12.2 
Default Interest 
During each such period relating thereto as is mentioned in Clause 12.1 (Default Interest Periods) an unpaid 
sum shall accrue interest for each day it remains unpaid at a rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest 
applicable at the time. 
12.3 
Payment of Default Interest 
Any interest which shall have accrued under Clause 12.2 (Default Interest) in respect of an unpaid sum 
shall be due and payable and shall be paid by the Borrower at the end of the period by reference to which 
it is calculated or on such other dates as the Lender may specify by written notice to the Borrower. 
12.4 
Indemnification 
The Borrower undertakes to the Lender that if the Lender or any director, officer or employee of the Lender 
(each an “indemnified party”) incurs any loss, liability, cost, fee, claim, charge, expense (including, 
without limitation, Taxes, legal fees and expenses and any applicable stamp duties, capital duties and other 
similar duties payable, including any interest and penalties thereon or in connection therewith), demand, 
action and damages (a “Loss”) as a result of or in connection with any Loan, any Loan Agreement (or 
enforcement thereof), and/or the issue, constitution, sale, listing and/or enforcement of the Notes and/or the 
Notes corresponding to such Loan or Loan Agreement being outstanding (other than in relation to tax on 
its own net income, profits or gains), the Borrower shall reimburse such properly documented Loss, costs, 
charges and expenses to the Lender on demand in an amount equal to such Loss and all documented 
reasonable costs, charges and expenses (including any applicable taxes thereon) which may be incurred as 
a result of or arising out of or in relation to any failure to pay by the Borrower or delay by the Borrower in 
paying the same, unless such Loss was either caused by such indemnified party’s negligence or wilful 
misconduct or arises out of a breach of the representations and warranties of the Lender contained in the 
relevant Subscription Agreement. 
12.5 
Independent Obligation 
Clause 12.4 (Indemnification) constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Borrower from its 
other obligations under or in connection with each Loan Agreement or any other obligations of the Borrower 
in connection with the issue of the Notes by the Lender and shall not affect, or be construed to affect, any 
other provision of any Loan Agreement or any such other obligations.

--- Page 228 ---
219 
 
12.6 
Evidence of Loss 
A certificate of the Lender setting forth the amount of losses, expenses and liabilities described in Clause 
12.4 (Indemnification) and specifying in full detail the basis therefor shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be conclusive evidence of the amount of such losses, expenses and liabilities. 
12.7 
Currency Indemnity 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the obligation of the Borrower under this Facility Agreement and 
any Subscription Agreement in respect of any amount due in the currency (the “first currency”) in which 
the same is payable shall, notwithstanding any payment in any other currency (the “second currency”) 
(whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise), be discharged only to the extent of the amount in the first 
currency that the Relevant Dealer may, acting reasonably and in accordance with normal banking 
procedures, purchase with the sum paid in the second currency (after any premium and costs of exchange) 
on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the Relevant Dealer receives such payment. 
If the amount in the first currency that may be so purchased for any reason falls short of the amount 
originally due (the “Due Amount”), the Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each 
Relevant Dealer against any deficiency in the first currency. Any obligation of the Borrower not discharged 
by payment in the first currency shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be due as a separate 
and independent obligation and, until discharged as provided in this Facility Agreement and any 
Subscription Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect. If the amount in the first currency that may 
be so purchased exceeds the Due Amount, the Lender shall promptly repay the amount of the excess to the 
Borrower. 
13 
Survival 
The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to Clauses 7 (Taxes), 12.4 (Indemnification), 12.7 (Currency 
Indemnity) and 15.2 (Lender’s Costs) shall survive the execution and delivery of each Loan Agreement and 
the drawdown and repayment of the relevant Loan, in each case by the Borrower, and any termination of 
this Facility Agreement, subject to applicable laws. 
14 
General 
14.1 
Evidence of Debt 
The entries made in the relevant Account shall, in the absence of manifest error, constitute conclusive 
evidence of the existence and amounts of the Borrower’s obligations recorded therein. 
14.2 
Waivers 
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Lender or the Borrower, any right, power 
to privilege under any Loan Agreement, and no course of dealing between the Borrower and the Lender 
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The 
rights and remedies provided in each Loan Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, or 
remedies provided by applicable law. 
14.3Prescription 
Subject to the Lender having received the principal amount thereof or interest thereon from the Borrower, 
the Lender shall forthwith repay to the Borrower the principal amount or the interest amount thereon, 
respectively, of any Series of Notes upon such Series of Notes becoming void pursuant to Condition 11 of 
such Notes. 
15 
Fees, Costs and Expenses 
15.1 
Lender’s Ongoing Costs 
The Borrower shall, from time to time on demand of the Lender, pay as reimbursement to the Lender an 
amount equating to all properly incurred and documented costs, taxes and expenses (including legal fees) 
together with any VAT (properly payable thereon), including but not limited to those incurred in or in 
connection with the preservation or the enforcement of any of the rights of the Lender under this Agreement 
or any Loan Agreement, as applicable. 
15.2 
Lender’s Costs 
In consideration of the Lender (i) making available the Facility to the Borrower and (ii) supporting such a

--- Page 229 ---
220 
 
continuing facility, the Borrower shall, from time to time on demand of the Lender (and without prejudice 
to the provisions of Clause 15.1 (Lender’s Ongoing Costs)) compensate the Lender for all properly 
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including telephone, fax, copying and travel costs) (together 
with any taxes properly payable thereon) it may incur, in connection with the Lender taking such action as 
it may consider appropriate in connection with: 
15.2.1. the granting or proposed granting of any waiver or consent requested under this Agreement or any 
Loan Agreement, as applicable, by the Borrower; 
15.2.2. the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 
15.2.3. any amendment or proposed amendment to this Agreement or any Loan Agreement, as applicable, 
requested by the Borrower; and 
15.2.4. maintaining the Programme (if so required) or otherwise in connection with any issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
16 
Notices 
All notices, requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective parties hereto shall be 
given in writing (in English) by facsimile, by hand or by courier addressed as follows: 
16.1.1. if to the Borrower: 
12 Acad. Sakharova Pr-t 
107078 Moscow Russia 
Fax: 
+7 495 795 36 68 
Attention: 
Head of Treasury 
16.1.2. if to the Lender: 
3rd Floor, Kilmore House, 
Park Lane, Spencer Dock, 
Dublin 1, Ireland 
Fax: 
+3531 614 6250 
Attention: 
The Directors 
or to such other address or fax number as any party may hereafter specify in writing to the other. Every 
notice or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 16 shall be effective upon receipt by the 
addressee on a Business Day in the city of the recipient, provided however, that any such notice or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day, shall not take effect 
until 10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding Business Day in the place of the addressee. 
17 
Assignment 
17.1.1. Each Loan Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties, their respective 
successors and any permitted assignee or transferee of some or all of a party’s rights or obligations 
under such Loan Agreement. Any reference in a Loan Agreement to any party shall be construed 
accordingly and, in particular, references to the exercise of rights and discretions by the Lender, 
following the enforcement of the security and/or assignment referred to in Clause 17.1.3 below, 
shall be references to the exercise of such rights or discretions by the Trustee (as Trustee). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall not be entitled to participate in any determinations 
by the Lender, or any discussions between the Lender and the Borrower or any agreements of the 
Lender or the Borrower pursuant to sub-Clauses 7.3 (Tax Credits and Refunds), 7.5 (Delivery of 
Forms), 7.6 (Mitigation) or 9.3 (Mitigation). 
17.1.2. The Borrower shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any part of its rights or obligations 
hereunder to any other person. 
17.1.3. The Lender may not assign or transfer, in whole or in part, any of its rights and benefits or 
obligations under any Loan Agreement, except to the Trustee by granting the Security or pursuant 
to and in compliance the Trust Deed. 
18 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
A person who is not a party to a Loan Agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)

--- Page 230 ---
221 
 
Act 1999 to enforce any term of such Loan Agreement, other than the Trustee. 
19 
Governing Law and Arbitration 
19.1 
Governing law 
This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English Law. 
19.2 
Arbitration 
The parties irrevocably agree that any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including 
a dispute as to the validity, existence or termination of this Agreement or the consequences of its nullity 
and/or this Clause 19.2 (a “Dispute”), shall be resolved: by arbitration in London, England, conducted in 
the English language by three arbitrators (with the claimant(s), irrespective of number, jointly nominating 
one arbitrator, and the respondent(s), irrespective of number, jointly nominating one arbitrator), in 
accordance with the rules set down by the LCIA (formerly the London Court of Arbitration) (the “LCIA 
Rules”), which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Clause 19.2, save that: 
(i) 
any provision of such LCIA Rules relating to nationality of an arbitrator shall, to that extent, not 
apply; 
(ii) 
Article 5.6 of the LCIA Rules shall be amended to read as follows: “Unless the parties agree 
otherwise, the third arbitrator, who shall act as chairman of the tribunal, shall be nominated by the 
two arbitrators nominated by or on behalf of the parties. If he is not so nominated within 30 days of 
the date of nomination of the later of the two party-nominated arbitrators to be nominated, he shall 
be chosen by the LCIA Court”; and 
(iii) 
Article 2.1 of the LCIA Rules shall be amended in respect of any Response (as defined in the LCIA 
Rules) to be given by the Lender such that the Response shall be sent to the Registrar (as defined in 
the LCIA Rules) within 60 days of service of the Request for Arbitration. 
The parties agree to exclude the jurisdiction of the English courts under Sections 45 and 69 of the 
Arbitration Act 1996. 
19.3 
Lender’s process agent 
The Lender irrevocably appoints Elemental Process Agent Limited (the “Lender’s Agent”), now of 27 Old 
Gloucester, Street London WC1N 3AX, United Kingdom (Registered number 01745936), as its agent to 
accept service of process in England in any Dispute, provided that: 
19.3.1. service upon the Lender’s Agent shall be deemed valid service upon the Issuer whether or not the 
process is forwarded to or received by the Issuer; 
19.3.2. the Lender shall inform all other parties to this Agreement, in writing, of any change in the address 
of the Lender’s Agent within 28 days of such change; 
19.3.3. if the Lender’s Agent ceases to be able to act as a process agent or to have an address in England, 
the Lender irrevocably agrees to appoint a new process agent in England acceptable to the other 
parties to the Agreement and to deliver to the other parties to the Agreement within 14 days a copy 
of a written acceptance of appointment by the new process agent; and 
19.3.4. nothing in this Agreement shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
19.4 
Borrower’s process agent 
Borrower irrevocably appoints Elemental Process Agent Limited (“Borrower’s Agent”), now of 27 Old 
Gloucester Street, London WC1N 3AX, United Kingdom (Registered number 01745936), as its agent to 
accept service of process in England in any Dispute, provided that: 
19.4.1. service upon the Borrower’s Agent shall be deemed valid service upon the Borrower whether or 
not the process is forwarded to or received by the Borrower; 
19.4.2. the Borrower shall inform all other parties to this Agreement, in writing, of any change in the 
address of the Borrower’s Agent within 28 days of such change;

--- Page 231 ---
222 
 
19.4.3. if the Borrower’s Agent ceases to be able to act as a process agent or to have an address in 
England, the Borrower irrevocably agrees to appoint a new process agent in England acceptable 
to the other parties to the Agreement and to deliver to the other parties to the Agreement within 
14 days a copy of a written acceptance of appointment by the new process agent; and 
19.4.4. nothing in this Agreement shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
19.5 
Waiver of immunity 
To the extent that the Borrower may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues immunity 
from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before making of a judgment or award or 
otherwise) or other legal process including in relation to enforcement of an arbitration award and to the 
extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the 
Borrower or its assets or revenues, the Borrower agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity 
to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
20 
Counterparts 
Each Loan Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of such counterparts taken 
together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. 
21 
Language 
The language which governs the interpretation of each Loan Agreement is the English language. 
22 
Amendments 
Except as otherwise provided by its terms, each Loan Agreement may not be varied except by an agreement 
in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
23 
Partial Invalidity 
The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability to any extent of any provision of each Loan Agreement under 
the law of any jurisdiction shall affect its legality, validity or enforceability in such jurisdiction to such 
extent only and shall not affect its legality, validity or enforceability under the law of any other jurisdiction, 
nor the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision. 
24 
Severability 
In case any provision in or obligation under any Loan Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable 
in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of 
such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
25 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
The Borrower hereby agrees that it shall have recourse in respect of any claim against the Lender only to 
sums in respect of principal, interest or other amounts (if any), as the case may be, actually received from 
the Borrower by or for the account of the Lender (after deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties as 
may be required by the Lender by law in respect of such sum or in respect of the Notes and for which the 
Lender has not received a corresponding additional payment (also after deduction or withholding of such 
taxes or duties as may be required to be made by the Lender in respect thereof) pursuant to this Agreement 
(the “Lender Assets”), subject always (i) to the Security Interests (as defined in the Trust Deed) and (ii) to 
the fact that any claims of the Dealers (as defined in the Subscription Agreement) under the Dealer 
Agreement shall rank in priority to any claims of the Borrower hereunder, and that any such claim by any 
of the Dealers or the Borrower shall be reduced pro rata so that the total of all such claims does not exceed 
the aggregate value of the Lender Assets after meeting claims secured on them. The Trustee having realised 
the same, neither the Borrower nor any person acting on its behalf shall be entitled to take any further steps 
against the Lender to recover any further sums and no debt shall be owed by the Lender to such person in 
respect of any such further sum. In particular, neither the Borrower nor any person acting on its behalf)

--- Page 232 ---
223 
 
shall be entitled at any time to institute against the Lender, or join in any institution against the Lender of, 
any bankruptcy, administration, moratorium, reorganisation, controlled management, arrangement, 
insolvency, examinership, winding up or liquidation proceedings or similar insolvency proceedings under 
any applicable bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligation of the Lender under this 
Agreement, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Lender which is initiated by another party or 
taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Lender. 
The Borrower shall have no recourse against any director, shareholder, or officer of the Lender in respect 
of any obligations, covenants or agreement entered into or made by the Lender in respect of this Agreement, 
except to the extent that any such person acts in bad faith or is negligent in the context of its obligations. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Facility Agreement to be executed on the date 
first written above. 
For and on behalf of JOINT STOCK COMPANY “ALFA-BANK”: 
By: 
Title: 
Signed by a duly authorised attorney of ALFA BOND ISSUANCE PLC: 
By: 
Title:

--- Page 233 ---
224 
 
Schedule 1 
Form of Loan Supplement 
 
[DATE] 
 
 
 
JOINT STOCK COMPANY “ALFA-BANK” 
 
and 
 
ALFA BOND ISSUANCE PLC 
 
 
LOAN SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
to be read in conjunction with the Facility Agreement dated 17 April 2013 
 
in respect of 
 
a Loan of [●] 
 
Series [●]

--- Page 234 ---
225 
 
This Loan Supplement is made on [SIGNING DATE] between: 
(1) 
JOINT STOCK COMPANY “ALFA-BANK”, a company incorporated under the laws of Russia whose 
registered office is at 27 Kalanchevskaya Street, 107078 Moscow, Russian Federation (the “Borrower”); 
and 
(2) 
ALFA BOND ISSUANCE PLC, a company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, whose registered 
office is at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland (the “Lender” or 
“Issuer” of the Notes). 
Whereas: 
(A) 
The Borrower has entered into a facility agreement dated 17 April 2013 (such facility agreement, as may 
be amended from time to time, the “Facility Agreement”) with the Lender in respect of the Programme. 
(B) 
The Borrower proposes to borrow [●] (the “Loan”) and the Lender wishes to make such Loan on the terms 
set out in the Facility Agreement and this Loan Supplement. 
(C) 
It is intended that, concurrently with the extension of the Loan under this Loan Supplement, the Lender will 
issue the Notes in the same aggregate nominal amount and bearing the same rate of interest as the Loan. 
It is agreed as follows: 
1 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Loan Supplement shall have the meaning given to them in 
the Facility Agreement save to the extent supplemented or modified herein. 
2 
Additional Definitions 
For the purpose of this Loan Supplement, the following expressions used in the Facility Agreement shall 
have the following meanings: 
“Account” means [the account in the name of the Lender with the Principal Paying Agent (account number 
[●])][each of the Secured Russian Rouble Account and the Secured U.S.$ Account in the name of the 
Lender with the Principal Paying Agent][Note: Include latter definition if Currency Exchange Option is 
applicable]; 
“Borrower’s Account” means the account in the name of the Borrower (account number [●][FURTHER 
DETAILS]); 
[“Calculation Agent” means [●];]  
“Closing Date” means [●]; 
“Loan Agreement” means the Facility Agreement as amended and supplemented by this Loan Supplement; 
“Notes” means [●] [[●] per cent.][Floating Rate] Loan Participation Notes due [●] issued by the Lender as 
Series [●] under the Programme; 
“Repayment Date” means [●] [amend as required for Floating Rate Notes]; 
[“Secured U.S.$ Account” means the account in the name of the Lender (account number [●]), with the 
Principal Paying Agent][Note: Only include if Currency Exchange Option applicable]; 
“Specified Currency” means [●]; 
“Subscription Agreement” means an agreement between the Lender, the Borrower and [MANAGERS] 
dated [●] relating to the Notes; and 
“Trust Deed” means the Principal Trust Deed between the Lender and the Trustee dated 17 April 2013 (as 
may be further amended or supplemented from time to time) as amended and supplemented by a 
Supplemental Trust Deed dated [●] constituting and securing the Notes. 
3 
Incorporation by Reference 
Except as otherwise provided, the terms of the Facility Agreement shall apply to this Loan Supplement as

--- Page 235 ---
226 
 
if they were set out herein and the Facility Agreement shall be read and construed, only in relation to the 
Loan constituted hereby, as one document with this Loan Supplement. 
4 
The Loan 
4.1. 
Drawdown 
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, the Lender agrees to make the Loan on the 
Closing Date to the Borrower and the Borrower shall make a single drawing in the full amount of the Loan. 
4.2. 
Interest 
The Loan is a [Fixed Rate][Floating Rate] Loan. Interest shall be calculated, and the following terms used 
in the Facility Agreement shall have the meanings, as set out below: 
4.2.1 Fixed Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
(ii) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually] in arrear] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of “Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
(iv) 
Fixed Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in principal amount 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Amount [(s)] and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction (Clause 4.9): 
[●] 
(Day count fraction should be Actual/Actual-
ICMA for all fixed rate loans other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless specified) 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s) (Clause 4.9): 
[●] in each year. [Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
interest period]** 
(viii) 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Loans: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
4.2.2. Floating Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 236 ---
227 
 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s) (Clause 4.9): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination]  
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(Clause 4.3.3): 
 
‒ 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
‒ 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date]] 
‒ 
Primary Source for Floating Rate: [Specify Relevant Screen Page and rate or 
“Reference Banks”] 
‒ 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is “Reference Banks”): 
[Specify four] 
‒ 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark - specify if not London] 
‒ 
Benchmark: 
[LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, EURIBOR or [●]] 
‒ 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount] 
‒ 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period] 
‒ 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination (Clause 4.3): 
 
‒ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
‒ 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
‒ 
ISDA Definitions: 
[●] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 237 ---
228 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction (Clause 4.9): 
[●] 
(xv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[●] 
(xvi) 
Fall back provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms relating to 
the method of calculating interest on 
Floating Rate Loans, if different from those 
set out in the Facility Agreement: 
[●] 
[(xvii) Alternative Determination and Benchmark 
Adjustment 
[●]  
(To be added if the Benchmark is other than 
LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or EURIBOR)] 
 
5 
Fees and Expenses 
Pursuant to Clause 3.2 (Facility Fee) of the Facility Agreement no later than one Business Day prior to the 
Closing Date, the Borrower shall pay a fee (the “Facility Fee”) to the Lender in consideration of the 
provision of the Loan in accordance with the separate fee letter between the Lender and the Borrower 
entered into on or before the date of this Loan Supplement and the invoice to be issued by the Lender to the 
Borrower no later than two Business Days before the Closing Date as set forth in Clause [5] of the 
Subscription Agreement and the Fees and Expenses Side Agreement in the amount of [●]. 
6 
Governing Law 
This Loan Supplement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
This Loan Supplement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning.  
 
JOINT STOCK COMPANY “ALFA-BANK” 
By: 
Title: 
 
Signed by a duly authorised attorney of ALFA BOND ISSUANCE PLC  
By: 
Title:

--- Page 238 ---
229 
 
 
Schedule 2 
Form of Officers’ Certificate 
To: 
[●] 
To: 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc 
53 Merrion Square 
Dublin 
2 
Ireland 
From: Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
Dated: 
Dear Sirs 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” Facility Agreement dated 17 April 2013 (the “Facility Agreement”) 
We refer to the Facility Agreement. Terms defined therein shall mean the same herein. This is an Officers’ 
Certificate for the purposes thereof: 
 
 
For and on behalf of Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” Signed: 
chief executive officer/ 
director/chief financial officer / chief 
legal officer / general director of 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-
BANK” 
[officer] 
of 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK”

--- Page 239 ---
230 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”), which contain summaries of 
certain provisions of the Trust Deed, and which (subject to completion and amendment in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus, as the case may be) will be attached to the Notes in 
definitive form, if issued, and (subject to the provisions thereof) apply to Global Notes representing each Series. 
Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus, as the case may be or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on any 
Notes in definitive form. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Trust Deed and the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus. Those definitions will be endorsed 
on the definitive Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a supplemental trust deed dated the Issue Date 
specified hereon (the “Supplemental Trust Deed”) supplemental to a principal trust deed (the “Principal Trust 
Deed”) dated 17 April 2013, each made between Alfa Bond Issuance Plc (the “Issuer”) and BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include any trustee or trustees for the 
time being under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined in Condition 3.1). The Principal Trust 
Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed as modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions therein 
contained and any deed or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto, as from time to time so modified, 
are together referred to as the “Trust Deed”. 
The Issuer has authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes for the sole purpose of financing either a Senior 
Loan (if the status of the Loan is specified as “Senior” thereon) or a Subordinated Loan (if the status of the Loan 
is specified as “Subordinated” thereon and together with a Senior Loan, the “Loans”, and any one of them a 
“Loan”) to Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” (“Alfa-Bank”) subject to, and in accordance with, either (i) in 
relation to a Senior Loan, a facility agreement between the Issuer and Alfa-Bank dated 17 April 2013 (such facility 
agreement, the “Facility Agreement”) as amended and supplemented by a loan supplement to be dated the Trade 
Date (the “Loan Supplement” and, together with the Facility Agreement, the “Senior Loan Agreement”) or (ii) 
in relation to a Subordinated Loan, a subordinated loan agreement between the Issuer and Alfa-Bank to be entered 
into on the Trade Date (the “Subordinated Loan Agreement”). In these Terms and Conditions, “Loan 
Agreement” shall mean either (i) a Senior Loan Agreement (in respect of a Senior Loan) or (ii) a Subordinated 
Loan Agreement (in respect of a Subordinated Loan), as applicable. 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated herein or in the Trust 
Deed to be payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to make any such payment shall constitute 
an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date upon which such amounts of principal, interest and 
additional amounts (if any) are due in respect of the Notes, for an amount equivalent to sums of principal, interest 
and additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan 
Agreement, less any amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights (as defined below). Noteholders must therefore 
rely solely and exclusively on the covenant to pay under the Loan Agreement and the credit and financial standing 
of Alfa-Bank. Noteholders shall have no recourse (direct or indirect) to any other assets of the Issuer. The Issuer 
has charged by way of first fixed charge in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders 
certain of its rights and interests as lender under the Loan Agreement (other than any rights and benefits 
constituting Reserved Rights) as security for its payment obligations in respect of the Notes and under the Trust 
Deed (the “Charge”) and has assigned absolutely certain other rights under the Loan Agreement to the Trustee 
(together with the Charge, the ‘‘Security Interests”). “Reserved Rights” are the rights excluded from the Charge, 
being all and any rights, interests and benefits of the Issuer in respect of the obligations of Alfa-Bank (i) in respect 
of a Senior Series, under Clauses 3.2 (Facility Fee), 3.3 (Disbursement), 5.3 (Prepayment in the event of illegality) 
(other than the right to receive any amount payable under such Clause), 6.2 (No Set-off or Counterclaim), 7.1 
(Additional Amounts) (to the extent that the Issuer has received from Alfa-Bank the corresponding amount in 
respect of Russian Federation taxes, penalties or interest), 7.2 (Tax Indemnity) (to the extent that the Issuer has 
received from Alfa-Bank the corresponding amount to which the Noteholders are not entitled), 7.3 (Tax Credits 
and Refunds), 7.4 (Tax Treaty Relief), 9 (Change in Law; Increase in Cost), 12.4 (Indemnification) (only to the 
extent that the Issuer has received amounts to which the Noteholders are not entitled), 12.5 (Independent 
Obligation), 12.6 (Evidence of Loss), 12.7 (Currency Indemnity) (only to the extent the Issuer has received from 
Alfa-Bank the corresponding amount to which the Noteholders are not entitled), 13 (Survival), 15.1 (Lender’s 
Ongoing Costs) and 15.2 (Lender’s Costs) of the Facility Agreement and (ii) in respect of a Subordinated Series, 
as set out in the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
In certain circumstances, the Trustee can (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its

--- Page 240 ---
231 
 
satisfaction) be required by Noteholders holding at least one quarter of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders to exercise certain 
of its powers under the Trust Deed (including those arising under the Security Interests). 
The Notes have the benefit of, and payments in respect of the Notes will be made (subject to the receipt of the 
relevant funds from Alfa-Bank) pursuant to, a paying agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated 
17 April 2013 and made between the Issuer, Alfa-Bank, the Trustee and the Agents named therein. The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch will act as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent” and a 
“Paying Agent”), a transfer agent (a “Transfer Agent”) and calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”). The 
Bank of New York Mellon, New York Branch will act as U.S. paying agent (the “U.S. Paying Agent”) and a 
transfer agent (a “Transfer Agent”). The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch will act as the 
Regulation S registrar in respect of the Regulation S Notes and the Rule 144A registrar in respect of the Rule 144A 
Notes (the “Registrar”). References herein to the “Agents” are to the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
U.S. Paying Agent, any other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Transfer Agents and any reference to 
an “Agent” is to any one of them. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Loan Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms (or the Series 
Prospectus, as the case may be) are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
principal office of the Trustee being, at the date hereof, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and 
at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Certain provisions of these Conditions include summaries or restatements of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Final Terms (or the Series Prospectus, as the case may be), the Loan Agreement 
(the form of which is scheduled to and incorporated in the Trust Deed) and the Agency Agreement. Noteholders 
are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions thereof. 
1. 
Status 
The sole purpose of the issue of the Notes is to provide the funds for the Issuer to finance the Loan. The 
Notes constitute the obligation of the Issuer to apply the proceeds from the issue of the Notes solely for 
financing the Loan and to account to the Noteholders for an amount equivalent to sums of principal, interest 
and additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan 
Agreement, less any amount in respect of Reserved Rights. 
The Trust Deed provides that, notwithstanding any other provision thereof, payments in respect of the Notes 
equivalent to the sums actually received by or for the account of the Issuer by way of principal, interest or 
additional amounts (if any) pursuant to the Loan Agreement, less any amounts in respect of the Reserved 
Rights, will be made pro rata among all Noteholders, on the date of, and in the currency of, and subject to 
the conditions attaching to, the equivalent payment pursuant to the Loan Agreement. The Issuer shall not 
be liable to make any payment in respect of the Notes other than as expressly provided herein and in the 
Trust Deed. As provided therein, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be under any obligation to exercise 
in favour of the Noteholders any rights of set-off or of banker’s lien or to combine accounts or counterclaim 
that may arise out of other transactions between the Issuer and Alfa-Bank. 
Noteholders have notice of, and have accepted, these Conditions, the Final Terms (or the Series Prospectus, 
as the case may be) and the contents of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Loan Agreement. 
It is hereby expressly provided that, and Noteholders are deemed to have accepted that: 
1.1 
neither the Issuer nor the Trustee makes any representation or warranty in respect of, or shall at any time 
have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in the Trust Deed or in paragraph 
1.6 below, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and observance by Alfa-Bank of its 
obligations under the Loan Agreement or the recoverability of any sum of principal or interest (or any 
additional amounts) due or to become due from Alfa-Bank under the Loan Agreement; 
1.2 
 neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or liability 
in respect of, the condition (financial or otherwise), creditworthiness, affairs, status, nature or prospects 
of Alfa-Bank; 
1.3 
 neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall at any time be liable for any representation or warranty or any act, 
default or omission of Alfa-Bank under or in respect of the Loan Agreement; 
1.4 
 neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation 
in respect of, the performance and observance by the Principal Paying Agent, any of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, of their respective obligations under the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 241 ---
232 
 
1.5 
the financial servicing and performance of the terms and conditions of the Notes depend solely and 
exclusively upon performance by Alfa-Bank of its obligations under the Loan Agreement and its covenant 
to make payments under the Loan Agreement and its credit and financial standing. Alfa-Bank has 
represented and warranted to the Issuer in the Loan Agreement that the Loan Agreement constitutes a 
legal, valid and binding obligation of Alfa-Bank; 
1.6 
the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on certificates signed by two duly authorised officers 
of Alfa-Bank (and, where applicable, certification by third parties) as a means of monitoring whether 
Alfa-Bank is complying with its obligations under the Loan Agreement and identifying Material 
Subsidiaries and shall not otherwise be responsible for investigating any aspect of Alfa-Bank’s 
performance in relation thereto and, subject as further provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee will not be 
liable for any failure to make the usual or any investigations which might be made by a security holder 
in relation to the property which is the subject of the Trust Deed and held by way of security for the Notes, 
and shall not be bound to enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer 
to the assigned property which is subject to the Security Interests whether such defect or failure was 
known to the Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of 
remedy or not, nor will it have any liability for the enforceability of the security created by the Security 
Interests whether as a result of any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or otherwise 
protecting or perfecting such security and the Trustee has no responsibility for the value of such security; 
1.7 
neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall at any time be required to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise 
incur any financial liability in the performance of its obligations or duties or the exercise of any right, 
power, authority or discretion pursuant to these Conditions until the Issuer or the Trustee, as the case may 
be, has received from Alfa-Bank the funds or adequate indemnity against, and/or security and/or 
prefunding that are necessary to cover the costs and expenses in connection with such performance or 
exercise, or has been (in its sole discretion) sufficiently assured that it will receive such funds; and 
1.8 
the Issuer will not be liable for any shortfall in respect of amounts payable by or resulting from any 
withholding or deduction or for any payment on account of tax or duties required to be made by the Issuer 
on or in relation to any sum received by it under the Loan Agreement which will or may affect payments 
made or to be made by Alfa-Bank under the Loan Agreement, save to the extent that it has received 
additional amounts under the Loan Agreement in respect of such withholding or deduction or payment, 
and the Issuer shall, furthermore, not be obliged to take any actions or measures as regards such deduction 
or withholding or payment, other than those set out in the Loan Agreement. The Trustee shall have no 
liability for any such shortfall in respect of any such deduction, withholding or payment. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes rank pari passu and rateably without any preference 
among themselves. 
In respect of a Note issued under a Subordinated Series (as defined in the Trust Deed) only, the claims of 
the Issuer under the Loan Agreement, excluding the Reserved Rights, constitute the direct, unconditional 
and unsecured subordinated obligations of Alfa-Bank and will rank at least equally with all other unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of Alfa-Bank (whether actual or contingent) as more fully set out in the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
In the event that the payments under the Loan Agreement are made by Alfa-Bank to, or to the order of, the 
Trustee or (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed) the Principal Paying Agent, they will pro tanto 
satisfy the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes except to the extent there is failure in its 
subsequent payment to the Noteholders. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein and in the Trust Deed, no proprietary or other direct interest 
in the Issuer’s right under or in respect of the Loan Agreement or the Loan exists for the benefit of the 
Noteholders. Subject to the terms of the Trust Deed, no Noteholder will have any entitlement to enforce 
the Loan Agreement or direct recourse to Alfa-Bank except through action by the Trustee pursuant to the 
relevant Security Interests granted to the Trustee in the Trust Deed. Neither the Issuer nor, following the 
enforcement of the Security Interests created in the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall be required to take any 
step, action or proceedings to enforce payment under the Loan Agreement unless it has been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded by the Noteholders to its satisfaction. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall be solely to make payments of amounts in aggregate 
equivalent to each sum actually received by or for the account of the Issuer (after deduction or withholding 
of such taxes or duties as may be required to be made by the Issuer by law in respect of such sum or in 
respect of the Notes and for which the Issuer has not received a corresponding payment (also after 
deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties as may be required to be made by the Issuer in respect

--- Page 242 ---
233 
 
thereof) pursuant to the Loan Agreement) from Alfa-Bank in respect of principal, interest or, as the case 
may be, other amounts relating to the Loan (less any amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights), the right 
to receive which will, inter alia, be assigned to the Trustee as security for the Issuer’s payment obligations 
in respect of the Notes. Accordingly, all payments to be made by the Issuer under the Notes will be made 
only from and to the extent of such sums received or recovered by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee. 
Noteholders shall look solely to such sums for payments to be made by the Issuer under the Notes, the 
obligation of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to such sums and 
Noteholders will have no further recourse to the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s other assets (including the 
Issuer’s rights with respect to any Loan relating to any other Series of Notes) in respect thereof. In the 
event that the amount due and payable by the Issuer under the Notes exceeds the sums so received or 
recovered, the right of any person to claim payment of any amount exceeding such sums shall be 
extinguished, and Noteholders may take no further action to recover such amounts. 
Noteholders must therefore rely solely and exclusively upon the covenant to pay under the Loan 
Agreement and the credit and financial standing of Alfa-Bank and no other assets of the Issuer will be 
available to the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions and the provisions in the Trust Deed, the Trustee 
and the Noteholders shall have recourse only to the Charged Property and the Assigned Rights (each as 
defined in the Trust Deed) in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. After realisation of the 
security which has become enforceable and application of the proceeds in accordance with clause 8 of the 
Trust Deed, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Trustee and the Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes shall be satisfied and none of the foregoing parties may take any further steps against the Issuer to 
recover any further sums in respect thereof and the right to receive any such sums shall be extinguished. 
None of the Noteholders or the other creditors (nor any other person acting on behalf of any of them) shall 
be entitled at any time to institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Issuer of, any 
bankruptcy, administration, moratorium, reorganisation, controlled management, arrangement, 
insolvency, examinership, winding-up or liquidation proceedings or similar insolvency proceedings under 
any applicable bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligation of the Issuer relating to the 
Notes or otherwise owed to the creditors, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is 
initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations 
of the Issuer. 
No Noteholder shall have any recourse against any director, shareholder, or officer of the Issuer in respect 
of any obligations, covenants or agreements entered into or made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in fully registered form, and in the Specified Denomination shown hereon (the 
minimum Specified Denomination of any Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 shall be 
$100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or higher 
integral multiples thereof as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus, without interest 
coupons, provided that (i) Notes with a maturity of less than 365 days shall be held in amounts not less 
than $300,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and (ii) the Rule 144A Notes will have a minimum 
Specified Denomination of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Rule 144A Notes). 
A Note issued under the Principal Trust Deed may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
combination of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified hereon. 
3. 
Register, Title and Transfers 
3.1. 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain a Regulation S register in respect of the Regulation S Notes (“Regulation S 
Register”) and the Registrar will maintain (outside the United Kingdom) a Rule 144A register in respect 
of the Rule 144A Notes (the “Rule 144A Register” and together with the Regulation S Register, the

--- Page 243 ---
234 
 
“Registers” and each a “Register”) at the specified office for the time being of the Registrar in respect of 
the Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and shall record in the relevant 
Register the names and addresses of the holders of the Notes corresponding to such Register, particulars 
of the Notes and all transfers and redemptions thereof. In these Conditions, the “holder” of a Note means 
the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the relevant Register (or, in the 
case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
3.2. 
Title 
The holder of each Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
such Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing on the Note relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft of such Note) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
holder. 
3.3. 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 3.6 and 3.7, a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note, with the 
endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the specified office of the Registrar or at the specified office 
of a Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or such Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form 
of transfer provided, however, that a Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of 
the balance of Notes not transferred are not less than the minimum Specified Denomination (if any). Where 
not all the Notes represented by the surrendered Note are the subject of the transfer, a new Note in respect 
of the balance of the Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
3.4. 
Registration and Delivery of Notes 
Within five Business Days of the surrender of a Note in accordance with Condition 3.3, the Registrar shall 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note to each relevant holder for collection at its specified 
office or (at the request and risk of such relevant holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) 
to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant holder. In this paragraph, ‘‘Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the 
city where the Registrar has its specified office. 
3.5. 
No Charge 
The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
3.6. 
Closed Periods 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the due date 
for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
3.7. 
Regulations Concerning Transfers and Registration 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the relevant Register or Registers, as the case may be, are subject to 
the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Lender with the prior written approval of the Trustee and the Registrar. 
A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who 
requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Restrictive Covenants 
As provided in the Trust Deed, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed), the Issuer will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee, agree to any amendments to or 
any modification of (in each preceding case, in respect of a Note issued under a Subordinated Series only, 
with the consent of the Central Bank of Russia, if applicable (the “CBR”)) or waiver of, or authorise any 
breach or proposed breach of, the terms of the Trust Deed or the Loan Agreement and will act at all times 
in accordance with any instructions of the Trustee from time to time with respect to the Loan Agreement, 
except as otherwise expressly provided in the Loan Agreement. Any such amendment, modification, waiver

--- Page 244 ---
235 
 
or authorisation made with the consent of the Trustee shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such 
amendment or modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14. 
Save as provided above, so long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee, shall not, inter alia, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys (other than 
issuing further Notes (which may be consolidated and form a single series with Notes of any Series) and/or 
creating or incurring further obligations relating to such Notes and issues of notes on a limited recourse 
basis for the sole purpose of making loans to Alfa-Bank), engage in any business (other than entering into 
the Programme and issuing Notes thereunder or on a standalone basis from time to time for the sole purpose 
of financing Loans to Alfa-Bank in accordance with the Facility Agreement and each Loan Supplement, 
entering into related agreements and transactions (including derivatives on a limited recourse basis) and 
performing any act incidental or necessary in connection with any of the foregoing) declare any dividends, 
have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including 
office premises or like facilities), consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially as an entity to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in these 
Conditions and the Trust Deed), issue any shares (other than those in issue at the date of the Principal Trust 
Deed), give any guarantee or assume any other liability, or subject to the laws of Ireland, petition for any 
winding-up or bankruptcy. 
5. 
Interest 
5.1. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest 
specified hereon which shall be equal to the rate per annum at which interest under the relevant Loan 
accrues. Accordingly, on each Interest Payment Date or as soon thereafter as the same is received by the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall account to the Noteholders for an amount equivalent to amounts of interest actually 
received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus, the amount of 
interest per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall be an amount equal to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount, provided that if a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus as being payable on any Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest per Calculation Amount 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount equal to the Broken Amount. If no Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus, the amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5.4. 
5.2. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal 
amount from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest specified hereon, which shall be equal to the rate per 
annum at which interest under the Loan accrues, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. Accordingly, on each such date, 
or as soon thereafter as the same shall be received by the Issuer, the Issuer shall account to the 
Noteholders for an amount equivalent to amounts of interest under the Loan received by or for the 
account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention,

--- Page 245 ---
236 
 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period (as defined in the Loan Agreement) shall be determined in the manner 
specified hereon and as set out in the Loan Agreement. 
5.3. 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall accrue on each Note up to, and including, the due date for redemption or prepayment in the 
manner provided in these Conditions unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
5.4. 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon and 
the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the 
Series Prospectus, as the case may be) and in the Loan Agreement, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula 
for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to 
be calculated. 
5.5. 
Publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after calculating or determining the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date as set out in the Loan Agreement, the 
Calculation Agent shall cause such Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts to be notified to the Trustee, the 
Issuer, Alfa-Bank, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5.2(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If a Loan becomes due and payable under Clause 11 of the Facility 
Agreement (in so far as it forms part of the relevant Loan Agreement), the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
5.6. 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Period or any Interest Amount pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Trustee, subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its 
behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation 
Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects it shall 
do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances.

--- Page 246 ---
237 
 
6. 
Redemption 
6.1. 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless the Loan is previously prepaid or repaid pursuant to Clause 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4 of the Facility Agreement 
in the case of a Senior Series of Notes, or pursuant to the terms of the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, in the case of a Subordinated Series of Notes, Alfa-Bank will be required to repay the Loan 
one Business Day (as defined in the Loan Agreement) before its Repayment Date (as defined in the Loan 
Agreement) and, subject to such repayment, as set forth in the Loan Agreement, all the Notes then 
remaining outstanding will be redeemed or repaid by the Issuer in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date specified hereon at their Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise specified 
hereon, is 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof). 
6.2. 
Early redemption 
If the Loan should become repayable in full (and be repaid in full) or be prepaid pursuant to the Loan 
Agreement prior to its scheduled repayment date, all Notes then remaining outstanding will thereupon 
become due and redeemable or repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
specified hereon is par together with interest accrued to the date of redemption) and the Issuer will 
endeavour to give not less than fifteen nor more than thirty days’ notice thereof to the Trustee and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
To the extent that the Issuer receives amounts of principal, interest and/or additional amounts, if any, (other 
than amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights) following acceleration of the Loan pursuant to Clause 11 
of the Facility Agreement (in so far as it forms part of the Loan Agreement), the Issuer shall pay an amount 
equal to and in the same currency as such amounts on the Business Day following receipt of such amounts, 
subject as provided in Condition 7, on a pro rata basis to the Noteholders. 
6.3. 
Cancellation 
Alfa Bank, ABH Financial or any Subsidiary of Alfa Bank or ABH Financial, as the case may be, may 
from time to time, in accordance with the Facility Agreement, purchase Notes in the open market or by 
tender or by a private agreement at any price and, at any time after the third anniversary of the relevant 
Issue Date, deliver to the Issuer Notes, having an aggregate principal value of at least U.S.$1,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in a Specified Currency), together with a request for the Issuer to present such Notes to the 
relevant Registrar for cancellation, and may also at any time after the third anniversary of the relevant Issue 
Date procure the delivery to the relevant Registrar of the relevant Global Notes with instructions to cancel 
a specified aggregate principal amount of Notes (being at least U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in a 
Specified Currency) represented thereby (which instructions shall be accompanied by evidence satisfactory 
to the relevant Registrar that Alfa Bank or ABH Financial or any Subsidiary of Alfa Bank or ABH 
Financial, as the case may be, is entitled to give such instructions), whereupon the Issuer shall, pursuant to 
Clause 9.1 of the Agency Agreement, request the relevant Registrar to cancel such Notes (or specified 
aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the relevant Global Notes). Upon any such cancellation 
by or on behalf of the relevant Registrar, the principal amount of the Loan corresponding to the principal 
amount of such Notes shall be deemed to be prepaid for all purposes as of the date of such cancellation and 
no further payment shall be made or required to be made by Alfa Bank in respect of such amounts. 
This Condition 6.3 will only apply to Notes issued under a Subordinated Series to the extent specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus. 
6.4. 
Compulsory Sale 
The Issuer may compel any beneficial owner of an interest in the Rule 144A Notes to sell its interest in 
such Notes, or may sell such interest on behalf of such holder, if such holder is a U.S. person that is not a 
qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and a qualified purchaser 
(as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940). 
7. 
Payments, Agents and Currency Exchange Option 
7.1. 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or at the specified office of any Transfer Agent or the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in the Condition below.

--- Page 247 ---
238 
 
7.2. 
Interest 
Interest shall be paid to the person shown on the relevant Register at the opening of business on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest shall be made in 
the Specified Currency by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre for the Specified Currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET) System or any successor thereof (a “Bank”), or by transfer to an account in the Specified 
Currency maintained by the payee with, a Bank in the principal financial centre of such Specified Currency 
or in the case of euro, a Bank specified by the payee or at the option of the payee, by a euro-cheque and (in 
the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender of the relevant Notes at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent or at the specified office of any Transfer Agent. 
7.3. 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.4. 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payments of interest or principal is not a Business Day, a Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment of the amount due until the next following Business Day and shall not be entitled to 
any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. In this paragraph, ‘‘Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” hereon, and (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7.5. 
Accrued Interest 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. The Agency 
Agreement provides that the Issuer may at any time, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent or any of the Paying Agents, and appoint 
additional or other paying agents provided that (i) so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, there will be a Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority and (ii) there will be a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in a European Union member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax 
pursuant to any European Union Directive or any law implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN 
Council meeting of 26–27 November 2000 or otherwise. Any such variation, termination or appointment 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
more than 45 days’ and not less than 30 days’ notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In addition, if the due date for redemption or repayment of a Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
accrued from (but excluding) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date as specified hereon shall be payable only as and when actually received by or 
for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement. 
7.6. 
Payments by Alfa-Bank 
Save as otherwise directed by the Trustee at any time after any of the Security Interests created in the Trust 
Deed becomes enforceable, the Issuer will, pursuant to Clauses 6 and 7 of the Agency Agreement, require 
Alfa-Bank to make all payments of principal and interest and any additional amounts to be made pursuant 
to the Loan Agreement to the Principal Paying Agent to an account in the name of the Issuer (the 
“Account”). Under the Charge, the Issuer will charge by way of first fixed charge all the rights, title and 
interest in and to all sums of money then or in the future deposited in the Account in favour of the Trustee 
for the benefit of the Trustee and Noteholders.

--- Page 248 ---
239 
 
7.7. 
Currency Exchange Option 
If Currency Exchange Option is specified in the Final Terms or Series Prospectus as being applicable in 
respect of Notes of which the Specified Currency is Russian Roubles (such Notes being “Russian Rouble 
Notes”) then Noteholders may, no later than the tenth Business Day (which has the meaning given to such 
term in Condition 7.4) before the due date for any payment of interest or principal, give an irrevocable 
notice of election (a “U.S. Dollar Noteholder Election”) to the Principal Paying Agent to receive such 
payment of interest or principal, as the case may be, in U.S. Dollars. Upon any such election in accordance 
with the foregoing, such interest or principal will be converted into U.S. Dollars by the Principal Paying 
Agent pursuant to this Condition 7.7. 
For so long as any Russian Rouble Notes are represented by a Regulation S Global Note, payments of 
principal and interest in respect of such Russian Rouble Notes will be made or procured to be made in 
accordance with Clause 8.1 of the Agency Agreement pursuant to which any accountholder of Euroclear 
and(or) Clearstream, Luxembourg may on or before the tenth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date or the Repayment Date give an irrevocable election to the Principal Paying Agent to receive such 
payment of interest or principal, as the case may be, in U.S. Dollars through the notification procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
For so long as any Russian Rouble Notes are represented by a Rule 144A Global Note, payments of 
principal and interest in respect of such Russian Rouble Notes will be made or procured to be made in 
accordance with Clause 8.1 of the Agency Agreement pursuant to which any participant shown in any 
records of DTC (a “DTC Participant”) as holder of the Notes will receive payments in respect of such 
Russian Rouble Notes (i) in Russian Roubles, in the case of a DTC Participant who has irrevocably elected 
to receive payments on the Russian Rouble Notes in Russian Roubles and has so notified DTC and the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to the time required by DTC for payments on the Russian Rouble Notes 
to be made in Russian Roubles, by transfer of same day funds to the Russian Rouble bank account 
designated by such DTC Participant, and (ii) in U.S. Dollars, in the case of all other DTC Participants, by 
the U.S. Paying Agent crediting the DTC Participant’s U.S. Dollar account at DTC with the DTC 
Participant’s pro rata portion of the U.S. Dollars purchased with the applicable Exchange Amount (as 
defined below) by the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement. To the extent the 
Principal Paying Agent receives notification from or on behalf of the DTC Participants of their election to 
receive Russian Roubles in accordance with the Conditions and the Rule 144A Global Note, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange for payment in accordance with the wire instructions received from such DTC 
Participant. 
Following receipt of the Exchange Amount, the Principal Paying Agent shall, on or before 12.30 p.m. 
(London time) on the Business Day prior to each Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date, as the 
case may be, (the “Exchange Date”), purchase U.S. Dollars (the “U.S. Dollar Amount”) with the 
Exchange Amount (as defined below) at a purchase price calculated on the basis of the Applicable 
Exchange Rate (as defined below) for settlement on the relevant Interest Payment Date or any Repayment 
Date, as the case may be less any fees, including any spread on foreign exchange transactions, customarily 
charged by the Principal Paying Agent in connection with such conversion of the Exchange Amount. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7, if the Russian Rouble Notes are represented by 
Definitive Notes and for any reason on the Exchange Date it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent 
to purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange Rate, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall notify the Issuer who shall notify the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 and the Paying Agents shall make payments on the Russian Rouble Notes in Russian 
Roubles into a Russian Rouble account maintained by the payee. 
If the Russian Rouble Notes are represented by a Regulation S Global Note and for any reason on the 
Exchange Date it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent to purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with 
the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange Rate, the Principal Paying Agent shall make payments 
on the Russian Rouble Notes in Russian Roubles to all Noteholders through the facilities of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the Russian Rouble Notes are represented by a Rule 144A Global Note and for any reason on the 
Exchange Date it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent to purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with 
the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange Rate, the Principal Paying Agent will hold the 
Exchange Amount until the relevant DTC Participants make alternative arrangements for receipt of 
payment in Russian Roubles.

--- Page 249 ---
240 
 
As used in this Condition 7.7: 
“Applicable Exchange Rate” means the internal foreign exchange conversion rate for settlement, as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent, on or before 12.30 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date, as the case may be, following receipt 
by the Principal Paying Agent of the Exchange Amount which the Principal Paying Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner uses to convert Russian Roubles into U.S. Dollars at the request of its 
other customers; and 
“Exchange Amount” means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date, as the case 
may be, the amount in Russian Roubles in aggregate equivalent to the portion of such interest and/or 
principal in respect of the Russian Rouble Notes due on the relevant Interest Payment Date or the 
Repayment Date, as the case may be, which is payable to the holders of such (if any) which have given an 
irrevocable election pursuant to this Condition 7.7 to receive payment of such interest and/or principal in 
U.S. Dollars. The relevant Registrar shall on the fifth Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date or 
the Repayment Date, as the case may be, notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Exchange Amount. 
In respect of any Currency Exchange Option, on the Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date or 
the Repayment Date, the Principal Paying Agent shall notify the Issuer who shall give due notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of (a) the Exchange Amount and the U.S. Dollar Amount 
applicable to such Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date, as the case may be, (b) the Applicable 
Exchange Rate at which such U.S. Dollar Amount was purchased by the Principal Paying Agent and (c) 
if applicable, whether such U.S. Dollars were purchased from either the Principal Paying Agent or from 
another leading foreign exchange bank in London or New York City. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.7, none of the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and Alfa-Bank shall 
be liable to any Noteholder or any other party for any losses whatsoever resulting from application by the 
Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. 
The Principal Paying Agent may rely conclusively on the basis on which its internal foreign exchange 
conversion rate (including, for avoidance of doubt, any third party indexes forming the basis for such 
conversation rates) for settlement has been determined and shall not be liable for losses associated with 
the basis for determination of such rate. The Principal Paying Agent may retain for its own account any 
fees, including any spread on foreign exchange transactions, customarily charged by it in connection with 
such conversion. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on without further investigation or enquiry any 
notification or irrevocable instructions received by it pursuant to this Condition 7 and shall not be liable 
to any party for any losses whatsoever resulting from acting in accordance with such notifications even 
though subsequent to its acting it may be found that there was some defect in the notification or the 
notification was not authentic. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Principal Paying Agent will generally be a transaction 
to buy or sell currency between the Issuer and either the Principal Paying Agent or its affiliate. The 
Principal Paying Agent or its affiliate will trade the foreign exchange transaction as a principal for its own 
account, and not as an agent, fiduciary, or broker on behalf of the Issuer. In certain circumstances, the 
foreign exchange transaction may be transmitted to a sub-custodian. In such cases, the Principal Paying 
Agent, or its affiliate may not be the foreign exchange counterparty and the foreign exchange transaction 
may not be processed and priced as described herein. In forwarding certain foreign exchange transactions 
to the sub-custodian or affiliate for execution, the Principal Paying Agent does not serve as agent, 
fiduciary, or broker on behalf of the Issuer. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Ireland or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, unless the deduction or 
withholding of such taxes or duties is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer shall make such additional payments (“additional amounts”) as shall result in the 
receipt by the Noteholders of such amount as would have been received by them if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required but only to the extent and only at such time as the Issuer receives an equivalent

--- Page 250 ---
241 
 
amount from Alfa-Bank under the Loan Agreement. To the extent that the Issuer receives a lesser additional 
amount from Alfa-Bank, the Issuer will account to each Noteholder for an additional amount equivalent to 
a pro rata proportion of such additional amount (if any) as is actually received by, or for the account of, 
the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement on the date of, in the currency of, and subject to any conditions 
attaching to the payment of such additional amount to the Issuer, provided that no such additional amount 
will be payable in respect of any Note: 
8.1. 
to a Noteholder who (a) is able to avoid such deduction or withholding by satisfying any statutory 
requirements or by making a declaration of non-residence or other claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or (b) is liable for such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Ireland other 
than the mere holding of such Note or the receipt of payments in respect thereof; 
8.2. 
presented for payment of principal more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that such 
additional payment would have been payable if such Note had been presented for payment on such 30th 
day; 
8.3. 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is required to be made 
pursuant to any European Union Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting 
of 26-27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, 
or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive or otherwise; or 
8.4. 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European 
Union. 
As used herein, ‘‘Relevant Date” (i) means the date on which any payment under the Loan Agreement 
first becomes due but (ii) if the full amount payable by Alfa-Bank has not been received by, or for the 
account of, the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement on or prior to such date, it means the date on which 
such moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the 
Noteholders by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
Any reference herein or in the Trust Deed to payments in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer 
to any additional amounts which may be payable in accordance with the Trust Deed and this Condition 8 
or any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Enforcement 
The Trust Deed provides that only the Trustee may pursue the remedies under the general law, the Trust 
Deed or the Notes to enforce the rights of the Noteholders and no Noteholder will be entitled to pursue such 
remedies unless the Trustee (having become bound to do so in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed) 
fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Facility Agreement) or of a 
Relevant Event (as defined in the Trust Deed), but subject, in the case of the Issuer, to the non-petition 
covenant in Condition 1, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and without notice and shall, if requested to do 
so by Noteholders holding 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding, or if directed 
to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution and, in each case, subject to it being secured and/or indemnified 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, (in the case of an Event of Default in respect of a Note issued under a 
Senior Series only) declare all amounts payable under the Loan Agreement by Alfa-Bank to be due and 
payable, (in the case of an Event of Default in respect of a Note issued under a Subordinated Series only) 
take the action permitted to be taken by the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, or (iii) 
(in the case of a Relevant Event) exercise any rights under the Security Interests created in the Trust Deed 
in favour of the Trustee. Upon repayment of the Loan following an Event of Default and a declaration as 
provided herein, the Notes will be redeemed or repaid at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption and thereupon shall cease to be outstanding. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification of Notes, Trust Deed and Loan Agreement; Waiver; 
Substitution of the Issuer; Appointment/Removal of Trustees 
10.1. Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including any modification of, or any arrangement in respect of, the Notes, the Loan

--- Page 251 ---
242 
 
Agreement or the Trust Deed. Noteholders will vote pro rata according to the principal amount of their 
Notes. Special quorum provisions apply for meetings of Noteholders convened for the purpose of amending 
certain terms concerning, inter alia, the amounts payable on, and the currency of payment in respect of, the 
Notes and the amounts payable and currency of payment under the Loan Agreement. Any resolution duly 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
10.2. Modification and Waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification of the Notes and the 
Trust Deed or the Loan Agreement which in the sole opinion of the Trustee is (i) of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; or (ii) (save as provided in the Trust Deed) is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders (as a class). The Trustee may also waive or 
authorise or agree to the waiving or authorising of any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed or by Alfa-Bank of the terms of the Loan Agreement, or determine that any 
event which would or might otherwise give rise to a right of acceleration under the Loan Agreement shall 
not be treated as such, if, in the opinion of the Trustee, to do so would not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders (as a class); provided always that (subject to certain exceptions) the Trustee 
may not exercise such power of waiver in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14. 
10.3. Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions to the effect that the Issuer may, and at the request of Alfa-Bank shall, 
having obtained the prior written consent of Alfa-Bank (if such substitution is not to be made at the request 
of Alfa-Bank) and the Trustee (which latter consent may be given without the consent of the Noteholders) 
and having complied with such certain requirements as the Trustee may direct in the interests of the 
Noteholders, substitute any entity in place of the Issuer as creditor under the Loan Agreement, as issuer 
and principal obligor in respect of the Notes and as principal obligor under the Trust Deed, subject to the 
relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the substitute’s rights under the Loan Agreement being charged 
and assigned, respectively, to the Trustee as security for the payment obligations of the substitute obligor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Not later than 14 days after compliance with the aforementioned 
requirements, notice thereof shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholder in accordance with Condition 
14 or Alfa-Bank shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the substitute obligor does so. 
10.4. Exercise of Powers 
In connection with the exercise of any of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Trustee shall have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory. No Noteholder is entitled to claim from the Issuer, Alfa-Bank or the Trustee any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
10.5. Appointment and Removal of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the appointment or removal of a Trustee by a meeting of 
Noteholders passing an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that, in the case of removal of a Trustee, at all 
times there remains a trustee in office after such removal. Any appointment or removal of a Trustee shall 
be notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. The Trustee may also resign 
such appointment giving not less than three months’ notice to the Noteholders provided that such 
resignation shall not become effective unless there remains a trustee in office after such resignation. 
11. 
Prescription 
Notes will become void unless presented for payment within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years 
(in the case of interest) from the due date for payment in respect thereof. 
12. 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from taking any step or action

--- Page 252 ---
243 
 
including instituting or taking any proceedings to enforce payment unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of 
Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled to enter into contracts or transactions with the Issuer and/or Alfa-Bank 
and any entity related to the Issuer and/or Alfa-Bank without accounting for any profit, fees, corresponding 
interest, discounts or share of brokerage earned, arising or resulting from any such contract or transactions. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders on a report, confirmation or certificate or any advice 
of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, whether or not addressed to 
it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating 
thereto entered into by the Trustee or any other person or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary 
cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, 
confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding 
on the Issuer, Alfa-Bank, the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
The Trustee’s responsibilities are solely those of trustee for the Noteholders on the terms of the Trust Deed. 
Accordingly, the Trustee makes no representations and assumes no responsibility for the validity or 
enforceability of the Loan Agreement or the security created in respect thereof or for the performance by 
the Issuer of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes and the Trust Deed or by Alfa-Bank in respect 
of the Loan Agreement. The Trustee is entitled to assume that Alfa-Bank is performing all of its obligations 
pursuant to the Loan Agreement (and shall not incur any liability for doing so). The Trustee has no liability 
to Noteholders for any shortfall arising from the Trustee being subject to tax as a result of the Trustee 
holding or realising the Security Interests. 
The Trustee is entitled to accept as sufficient evidence of any fact or matter or the expediency of any 
transaction or thing a certificate signed on behalf of the Issuer or Alfa-Bank by a director or an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer or Alfa-Bank as to any fact or matter upon which the Trustee may, in the exercise 
of any of its trusts, duties, powers, authorities, rights and discretions under the Trust Deed, require to be 
satisfied or have information, or to the effect that in the opinion of the person so certifying any particular 
transaction or thing is expedient, and the Trustee shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be occasioned by the Trustee acting on such certificate. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agents act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note shall become mutilated, defaced, lost, stolen or destroyed it may, subject to all applicable laws 
and regulations and stock exchange requirements, be replaced at the specified office of the Registrar or at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London on payment of such costs, expenses, taxes and 
duties as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
and otherwise as may reasonably be required by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) posted to such Noteholders at 
their respective addresses as shown on the relevant Register and (ii) so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin, when such notice is filed in the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext 
Dublin. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the first date on which both conditions 
shall have been met. 
In case by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to publish any notice to holders of Notes as 
provided above, then such notification to such holders as shall be given with the approval of the Trustee 
shall constitute sufficient notice to such holders for every purpose hereunder. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further Notes

--- Page 253 ---
244 
 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the amount 
and the date of the first payment of interest) so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. 
Such further Notes shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed between the Issuer and 
the Trustee. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of Noteholders and the 
holders of Notes of other series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. In relation to any 
further issue which is to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes, the Issuer will enter into 
a loan agreement supplemental to the Loan Agreement with Alfa-Bank on substantially the same terms as 
the Loan Agreement (or in all respects except for the amount and the date of the first payment of interest 
on the further Notes). The Issuer will provide a further fixed charge in favour of the Trustee and amend the 
existing Security Interests in respect of certain of its rights and interests under such loan agreement and 
will assign absolutely certain of its rights under such loan agreement which will secure both the Notes and 
such further Notes and which will amend and supplement the Security Interests in relation to the existing 
Notes of such Series. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17. 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. The Issuer has 
submitted in the Trust Deed to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and has appointed an 
agent for the service of process in England.

--- Page 254 ---
245 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following is a summary of the provisions to be contained in the Trust Deed to constitute the Notes and in the 
Global Notes which will apply to, and in some cases modify, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes while the 
Notes are represented by the Global Notes. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series 
Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), the Notes will be represented by (i) in the case of Regulation 
S Notes, a Regulation S Global Note deposited with, and registered in the name of The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as nominee and a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) in the 
case of Rule 144A Notes, one or more Rule 144A Global Notes deposited with a custodian for, and registered in 
the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of, DTC. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series 
Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may be 
held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg at any time. See “—Book-Entry Procedures for the 
Global Notes”. By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note, the purchaser thereof will be 
deemed to represent, among other things, that it is not a U.S. Person and that, prior to the expiration of 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of the Series of which such Notes are a part as determined and certified to the 
Principal Paying Agent by the relevant Dealer (or in the case of a Series of Notes sold to or through more than one 
relevant Dealer, by each of such relevant Dealers as to the Notes of such Series sold by or through it, in which 
case the Principal Paying Agent shall notify each such relevant Dealer when all relevant Dealers have so certified) 
(the “distribution compliance period”), it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interest except to 
a person whom the seller reasonably believes to be a non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction within the meaning 
of, and in accordance with, Regulation S. See “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series 
Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Note may only 
be held through DTC at any time. See “—Book-Entry Procedures for the Global Notes”. By acquisition of a 
beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to represent, among other 
things, that it is a QIB that is also a QP and that, if in the future it determines to transfer such beneficial interest, it 
will transfer such interest in accordance with the procedures and restrictions contained in the Agency Agreement. 
See “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Beneficial interests in each Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and in 
the Agency Agreement and the Rule 144A Global Notes will bear the legends set forth thereon regarding the 
restrictions set forth under “Transfer Restrictions”. A beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note may be 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note in denominations 
greater than or equal to the minimum denominations applicable to interests in a Rule 144A Global Note and only 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) to the 
effect that the transferor reasonably believes that the transferee is a QIB that is also a QP and that such transaction 
is in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Note may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
an interest in a Regulation S Global Note only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification (in the form 
provided in the Agency Agreement) from the transferor to the effect that the transfer is being made to a non-
U.S. Person and in accordance with Regulation S. 
Any beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of an interest in a Rule l44A Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in the Regulation S Global 
Note and become an interest in the Rule 144A Global Note, and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all 
transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Note for as 
long as it remains such an interest. Any beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note that is transferred to a 
person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be 
an interest in the Rule 144A Global Note and become an interest in the Regulation S Global Note and, accordingly, 
will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the 
Regulation S Global Note for so long as it remains such an interest. No service charge will be made for any 
registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. Except in the limited circumstances 
described below, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of 
Definitive Notes. The Notes are not issuable in bearer form. In addition, each Global Note will contain provisions 
which may modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Notes evidenced by such Global 
Note. The following is a summary of these provisions: 
Notices

--- Page 255 ---
246 
 
Notwithstanding Condition 13 of the Notes, so long as a Global Note is held by or on behalf of a clearing system, 
notices to Noteholders represented by such Global Note may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that 
clearing system. For so long as the Notes are listed, the Issuer will also publish notices in accordance with the rules 
of Euronext Dublin. 
Record Date 
Notwithstanding Condition 7.2, “Record Date” shall mean the Clearing System Business Day before the relevant 
due date for payment where “Clearing System Business Day” means (i) in respect of a Global Note held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, a day when Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is open for business 
and (ii) in respect of a Global Note held on behalf of DTC, a day when DTC is open for business. 
Payments 
To the extent that the Issuer has actually received the relevant funds from Alfa Bank, payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment of 
principal or interest is to be made in respect of the Notes, against presentation and surrender of such Global Note 
to or to the order of the Registrar. Upon payment of any principal, the amount so paid shall be endorsed by or on 
behalf of the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer on the schedule to the Global Note. Payment while Notes are 
represented by a Global Note will be made in accordance with the procedures of the relevant clearing system. 
Meetings 
The holder of each Global Note will be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements 
of, or the right to demand a poll at, a meeting of Noteholders and in any such meeting as having one vote in respect 
of each Note for which the relevant Global Note may be exchangeable. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders whilst the relevant Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
the Trustee, to the extent it considers it appropriate to do so in the circumstances, may have regard to any 
information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by 
category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note and may consider such interests as if such 
accountholders were the holders of such Global Note. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note required by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be cancelled will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the applicable Global Note. 
Exchange for Definitive Notes 
Exchange 
Each Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive, registered form if: (i) a Global Note is held by or on behalf of (A) DTC, and DTC notifies the Issuer 
that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the Global 
Note or ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act or if at any time it is no longer eligible 
to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice or becoming 
aware of such ineligibility on the part of DTC or (B) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
does in fact do so, by the holder giving notice to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or (ii) if the Issuer would 
suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change in the laws or regulations (taxation or 
otherwise) of any jurisdiction referred to in Condition 8 which would not be suffered were the Notes in definitive 
form and a notice to such effect signed by two directors of the Issuer is delivered to the Trustee, by the Issuer 
giving notice to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and the Noteholders, of its intention to exchange the relevant 
Global Note for Definitive Notes on or after the Exchange Date (as defined below) specified in the notice. 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of the relevant Global Note may surrender such Global Note to or to the 
order of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In exchange for the relevant Global Note, as provided in the Paying 
Agency Agreement, the Registrar will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Notes in or substantially in the form set out in the relevant schedule to the 
Trust Deed. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, a Global Note for Definitive Notes for a 
period of 15 calendar days ending on the date for any payment of principal or interest or on the date of optional 
redemption in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 256 ---
247 
 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not later than 90 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is 
given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent is located. 
Delivery 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Note shall be exchanged in full for Definitive Notes and the Issuer will, 
at the cost of Alfa Bank (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer Agent may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Notes to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, 
authentication and dispatch to the relevant Noteholders. A person having an interest in a Global Note must provide 
the Registrar with (a) a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Notes and (b) in the case of a Rule 144A Global Note 
only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring 
its interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant to Rule l44A, a certification 
that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule l44A to a QIB that is also a QP. Definitive 
Notes issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note shall bear the legend applicable to 
transfers pursuant to Rule 144A, as set out under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Legends 
The holder of a Definitive Note may transfer the Notes evidenced thereby in whole or in part in the applicable 
minimum denomination by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together 
with the completed form of transfer thereon. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Rule 144A Definitive 
Note bearing the legend referred to under “Transfer Restrictions”, or upon specific request for removal of the 
legend on a Rule 144A Definitive Note, the Issuer will deliver only Rule 144A Definitive Notes that bear such 
legend, or will refuse to remove such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the 
Registrar such satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of counsel, as may reasonably be required by 
the Issuer that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance 
with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act. 
Currency Exchange Option 
With respect to any Russian Rouble Note represented by a Definitive Note held by Noteholders that have made an 
irrevocable election in accordance with the Conditions to receive payments in US dollars, the Principal Paying 
Agent shall, on or before 12.30 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to each due date for any payment 
of interest or principal, as the case may be, purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with the Exchange Amount (each as 
defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and the Paying Agents will pay, or procure the payment of the 
U.S. Dollar Amount to Noteholders that have made an irrevocable election in accordance with the Conditions to 
receive payments in dollars by wire transfer of same days funds for value the due date for payment. If for any 
reason it is not possible to purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with the Exchange Amount while any Russian Rouble 
Notes are represented by Definitive Notes, the Principal Paying Agent shall notify the relevant Noteholders and 
shall make all payments on the Russian Rouble Notes in Russian Roubles into a Russian Rouble account 
maintained by the payee with a bank in London. 
Book-Entry Procedures for the Global Notes 
For each Series of Notes evidenced by both a Regulation S Global Note and a Rule 144A Global Note, custodial 
and depository links are to be established between DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate the 
initial issue of the Notes and cross-market transfers of the Notes associated with secondary market trading. See 
“—Book-Entry Ownership—Settlement and Transfer of Notes”. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and 
custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are 
worldwide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and 
clearing corporations. Investors may hold their interests in such Global Notes directly through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are accountholders (“Direct Participants”) or indirectly (“Indirect

--- Page 257 ---
248 
 
Participants” and together with Direct Participants, “Participants”) through organisations which are 
accountholders therein. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws of the 
State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a member of the 
U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial 
code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was 
created to hold securities for its Participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions 
between Participants through electronic computerised book-entry changes in accounts of its Participants, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Participants include securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available 
to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a DTC Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series 
Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), investors may hold their interests in Rule 144A Global Notes 
directly through DTC if they are Direct Participants in the DTC system, or as Indirect Participants through 
organisations which are Direct Participants in such system. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Notes only at the 
direction of one or more Direct Participants and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount 
of the relevant Rule 144A Global Notes as to which such Participant or Participants has or have given such 
direction. However, in the circumstances described under “Exchange for Definitive Notes”, DTC will surrender 
the relevant Rule l44A Global Notes for exchange for individual Rule 144A Definitive Notes (which will bear the 
legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Regulation S Global Note representing Regulation S Notes of any Series will have an ISIN and a Common 
Code and unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) 
or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series), will be registered in the name of a nominee for, 
and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
DTC 
The Rule 144A Global Note representing Rule 144A Notes of any Series will have a CUSIP number and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only 
(in respect of a Subordinated Series), an ISIN and Common Code and unless otherwise indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series), will be deposited with a custodian for and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee 
of, DTC. The custodian and DTC will electronically record the principal amount of the Notes held within the DTC 
System. 
Relationship of Participants with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the holder of a Note 
evidenced by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) 
for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be). The Issuer expects that, upon receipt of any 
payment in respect of Notes evidenced by a Global Note, the common depositary by whom such Note is held, or 
nominee in whose name it is registered, will immediately credit the relevant participants’ or accountholders’ 
accounts in the relevant clearing system with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note as shown on the records of the relevant clearing 
system or its nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by Direct Participants in any clearing system to 
owners of beneficial interests in any Global Note held through such Direct Participants in any clearing system will 
be governed by standing instructions and customary practices. Save as aforesaid, such persons shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are evidenced by such 
Global Note and the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder, as the case 
may be, of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
ownership interests in any Global Note or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
ownership interests.

--- Page 258 ---
249 
 
Settlement and Transfer of Notes 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable clearing system, purchases of Notes held within a clearing 
system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for such Notes on the clearing 
system’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each such Note (the “Beneficial Owner”) 
will in turn be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from any clearing system of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written 
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct 
or Indirect Participant through which such Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in Notes held within the clearing system will be affected by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in such Notes, unless and until interests in any Global Note held within a 
clearing system are exchanged for Definitive Notes. 
No clearing system has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Notes held within such clearing system 
and their records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Notes are credited, 
which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of 
their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the clearing 
systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory 
or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
The laws of some jurisdictions may require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive form of 
securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note to such persons may be limited. Because 
DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of 
a person having an interest in a Rule l44A Global Note held through DTC to pledge such interest to persons or 
entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by a 
lack of physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg Participants 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds. 
Trading between DTC Participants 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes between DTC participants will occur in the ordinary 
way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled using the procedures applicable to United States corporate 
debt obligations in DTC’s Same-Day Funds Settlement (“SDFS”) system in same-day funds, if payment is effected 
in U.S. Dollars, or free of payment, if payment is not effected in U.S. Dollars. Where payment is not effected in 
U.S. Dollars, arrangements may be put in place for a Series of Notes for DTC participants to either elect to receive 
such non-U.S. Dollar payment outside of DTC or for such non-U.S. Dollar payment to be converted into 
U.S. Dollars by a foreign exchange agent at the applicable U.S. Dollar spot rate prevailing on or about the relevant 
time of such payment and for such converted U.S. Dollar amount to be paid through DTC. 
Trading between DTC seller and Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg purchaser 
When book-entry interests in Notes are to be transferred from the account of a DTC participant holding a beneficial 
interest in a Rule 144A Global Note to the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholder 
wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note (subject to the certification procedures 
provided in the Agency Agreement), the DTC participant will deliver instructions for delivery to the relevant 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholder to DTC by 12 noon, New York time, on the settlement date. 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the DTC participant and the relevant Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant. On the settlement date, the custodian of the Rule l44A Global Note will 
instruct the Registrar to (i) decrease the amount of Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other 
nominee as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or 
Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series)) and evidenced by the Rule 144A Global Note of the 
relevant class and (ii) increase the amount of Notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and evidenced by the Regulation S Global Note. Book-
entry interests will be delivered free of payment to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
credit to the relevant accountholder on the first business day following the settlement date.

--- Page 259 ---
250 
 
Trading between Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg seller and DTC purchaser 
When book-entry interests in the Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholder to the account of a DTC participant wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in a Rule 
l44A Global Note (subject to the certification procedures provided in the Agency Agreement), the Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant must send to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg delivery free of 
payment instructions by 7:45 p.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, one business day prior to the settlement date. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will in turn transmit appropriate instructions to the 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Registrar to arrange delivery to the DTC 
participant on the settlement date. Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the DTC 
participant and the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholder, as the case may be. On the 
settlement date, the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will (a) transmit appropriate 
instructions to the custodian of the Rule 144A Global Note who will in turn deliver such book-entry interests in 
the Notes free of payment to the relevant account of the DTC participant and (b) instruct the Registrar to (i) 
decrease the amount of Notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and evidenced by a Regulation S Global Note; and (ii) increase the amount of Notes 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series)) 
and evidenced by a Rule 144A Global Note. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interest in Global Notes among participants and accountholders of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedure, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent 
will have the responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their respective 
Direct or Indirect Participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the Closing Date thereof, which 
could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, 
trades in the United States secondary market generally are required to settle within three business days (T+3), 
unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes 
in the United States on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business days until three days prior to the relevant 
Closing Date will be required, by virtue of the fact the Notes initially will settle beyond T+3, to specify an alternate 
settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other 
countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices, and purchasers of 
Notes between the relevant date of pricing and the relevant Closing Date should consult their own advisers. 
Currency Exchange Option for Global Notes 
For so long as any Russian Rouble Notes are represented by a Regulation S Global Note, payments of principal 
and interest in respect of such Russian Rouble Notes will be made or procured to be made in accordance with 
Clause 8.1.1 of the Agency Agreement pursuant to which any accountholder of Euroclear and(or) Clearstream, 
Luxembourg may on or before the tenth business day prior to the Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date 
give an irrevocable election to the Principal Paying Agent to receive such payment of interest or principal, as the 
case may be, in US dollars through the notification procedures of Euroclear and (or) Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
For so long as any Russian Rouble Notes are represented by a Rule 144A Global Note, payments of principal and 
interest in respect of such Russian Rouble Notes will be made or procured to be made in accordance with Clause 
8.1.1 of the Agency Agreement pursuant to which any participant shown in any records of DTC (a “DTC 
Participant”) as holder of the Notes will receive payments in respect of such Russian Rouble Notes (i) in Russian 
Roubles, in the case of a DTC Participant who has irrevocably elected to receive payments on the Russian Rouble 
Notes in Russian Roubles and has so notified DTC on or prior to the time required by DTC for payments on the 
Russian Rouble Notes to be made in Russian Roubles, by transfer of same day funds to the Russian Rouble bank 
account designated by such DTC Participant, and (ii) in US dollars, in the case of all other DTC Participants, by 
the U.S. Paying Agent crediting the DTC Participant’s U.S. dollar account at DTC with the DTC Participant’s pro-
rata portion of the US dollars purchased with the applicable Exchange Amount by the Principal Paying Agent 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement. To the extent the Principal Paying Agent receives notification from or on 
behalf of the DTC Participants of their election to receive Russian Roubles in accordance with the Conditions and 
the Rule 144A Global Note, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange for payment in accordance with the wire 
instructions received from such DTC Participant. 
On the Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date, the Principal Paying Agent shall

--- Page 260 ---
251 
 
give due notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of (a) the Exchange Amount and the 
U.S. Dollar Amount applicable to such Interest Payment Date or the Repayment Date, as the case may be, (b) the 
Applicable Exchange Rate at which such U.S. Dollar Amount was purchased by the Principal Paying Agent and 
(c) if applicable, whether such US dollars were purchased from either the Principal Paying Agent or from another 
leading foreign exchange bank in London or New York City. 
With respect to any Russian Rouble Notes which are represented by Global Notes, as early as practicable on the 
relevant due date for payment of interest or principal the Principal Paying Agent will pay, or procure the payment 
of, the U.S. Dollar Amount (i) pro-rata to their interests in the Rule 144A Global Notes, to DTC Participants that 
have not made an irrevocable election to receive payment in Russian Roubles on a payment date, by wire transfer 
of same day funds for vale the due date for payment and (ii) pro-rata to their interests in the Regulation S Global 
Note, to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders that have made an irrevocable election to receive 
payments in US dollars, through the facilities of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If, while Russian Rouble 
Notes are represented by Global Notes, for any reason it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent to purchase 
the U.S. Dollar Amount with the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange Rate, the Principal Paying Agent 
shall so notify the Noteholders and shall (a) hold the Exchange Amount until the relevant DTC participants make 
alternative arrangements for receipt of payment in Russian Roubles and (b) make payment on the Russian Rouble 
Notes in Russian Roubles to accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agency Agreement to the contrary, including the Conditions, (i) all 
costs of the purchase of US dollars with the Exchange Amount shall be borne pro rata by the relevant Noteholders 
of the Russian Rouble Notes by deduction from the U.S. Dollar Amount to be made by the Principal Paying Agent 
and (ii) the Issuer shall have no obligation whatsoever to pay any commissions or expenses, or to indemnify the 
Noteholders against any difference between the U.S. Dollar Amount received by such Noteholders and their pro 
rata portion of the Exchange Amount.

--- Page 261 ---
252 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the dealer agreement dated 17 April 2013 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, Alfa Bank, ABH Financial, the Arrangers and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes 
will be offered from time to time by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers or such other Dealers as may be appointed 
from time to time in respect of any Series of Notes pursuant to the Dealer Agreement. Any agreement for the sale 
of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, whether the 
placement of the Notes is underwritten or sold on an agency basis only, the price at which such Notes will be 
subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) which are payable or allowable 
by the Issuer in respect of such subscription and the form of any indemnity to the Dealers against certain liabilities 
in connection with the offer and sale of the relevant Notes. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, 
or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Series that may be jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers. 
Each of the Issuer, Alfa Bank and ABH Financial has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain losses, as 
set out in the Dealer Agreement. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe for the Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the corresponding Loans have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such 
Notes are a part, as determined and certified to the Principal Paying Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of an 
identifiable tranche of Notes sold to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers with respect to 
Notes of an identifiable tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent shall notify 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. In addition, until 40 days after 
the commencement of the offering any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 
144A. 
Notes offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. Persons may be sold in reliance on Regulation S. The 
Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealer(s) may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates 
arrange for the offer and resale of Notes within the United States only to persons whom they reasonably believe 
are QIBs and QPs who can represent that (a) they are QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A who are also QPs, 
(b) they are not broker-dealers who own and invest on a discretionary basis less than $25 million in securities of 
unaffiliated issuers, (c) they are not a participant-directed employee plan, such as 401(k) plan, (d) they are acting 
for their own account, or the account of one or more QIBs each of which is a QP, (e) they are not formed for the 
purpose of investing in the Issuer or the Notes, (f) they, and each account for which they are purchasing, will hold 
and transfer at least $200,000 in principal amount of Rule 144A Notes at any time, (g) they understand that the 
Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities from one or more book-entry depositaries, 
and (h) they will provide notice of the transfer restrictions set forth in this Base Prospectus to any subsequent 
transferees. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and Alfa Bank for use in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes outside the United States and the resale of the Notes in the United States and for the listing of Notes 
on Euronext Dublin, or other stock exchange specified in the Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a 
Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series). The Issuer and the Dealers reserve 
the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. Person other than any QIB who is also a

--- Page 262 ---
253 
 
QP and to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. Person outside the United States or by any QIB/QP within 
the United States to any U.S. Person or to any other person within the United States, other than any QIB/QP and 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. Person or QIB/QP with respect thereto, is unauthorised and 
any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. Person or other 
person within the United States, other than any QIB/QP and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-
U.S. person or QIB/QP, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Russian Federation 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered, transferred or sold as part of 
their initial distribution or at any time thereafter to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) 
resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence in Russia or to any person located within the 
territory of Russia unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian Law. 
Republic of Cyprus 
Each Dealer has severally represented, warranted and agreed that this Base Prospectus is not an offer to the public 
in the Republic of Cyprus and no action has been taken to permit an offer of the Notes in the Republic of Cyprus 
and this Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purpose of and does not fall within the provisions of the Cyprus 
Prospectus Law, N.114(I)/2005. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the “MiFID II 
Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs) thereof, any rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II 
Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of 
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the “Companies Act 2014”), the Central Bank Acts 1942-
2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise than 
in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 and any rules issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; 
and  
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise than 
in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the 
European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the 
Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014. 
General

--- Page 263 ---
254 
 
Each Dealer has agreed that it has, to the best of its knowledge and belief, complied and will comply with 
applicable securities laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which it offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
distributes this Base Prospectus (and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto) or any other offering or 
publicity material relating to the Notes, the Issuer or Alfa Bank. 
Apart from the approval of this Base Prospectus as a “base prospectus” by the Central Bank, no action has or will 
be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer, Alfa Bank or any of the Dealers that would, or is intended to, permit a 
public offer of the Notes or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken to the Issuer 
and Alfa Bank that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes or distribute or publish any prospectus, 
form of application, advertisement or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under 
circumstances that will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations and all offers and sales of Notes by it will be made on the same terms. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, Alfa Bank following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Alfa Bank or its affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Alfa Bank routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to Alfa Bank consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in Alfa Bank’s securities, including potentially any Notes offered 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of any Notes offered 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 264 ---
255 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the material Irish, Russian Federation and United States tax 
considerations relating to the Notes issued and each Loan. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes and each Loan, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should consult their own advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to 
acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under such Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries in light of their 
particular circumstances. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. The information and analysis contained within 
this section are limited to taxation issues and prospective investors should not apply any information or analysis 
set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Irish Taxation Introduction 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish tax consequences for individuals and companies of ownership 
of the Notes based on the laws and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland and 
may be subject to change. It deals with Noteholders who beneficially own their Notes as an investment. Particular 
rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, such as dealers in securities, 
trusts, etc. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the 
purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country 
of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
 
Withholding Tax 
 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments 
of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on the Notes. The Issuer will not be obliged to make 
a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Note where: 
 
(a) 
the Notes are Quoted Eurobonds, i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as the 
Issuer), which are listed on a recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and which 
carry a right to interest; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in 
Ireland, either: 
(i) 
the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners; 
(DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is not resident in Ireland and has 
made a declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in 
the prescribed form. 
Thus, subject to the discussion below, so long as the Notes continue to be quoted on Euronext Dublin and are held 
in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners (DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised) interest on the Notes can be paid by any Paying Agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. If the Notes continue 
to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes may be paid without any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a Paying 
Agent outside Ireland. 
 
Interest or other distributions paid on the Notes which are profit dependent or any part of which exceeds a 
reasonable commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a non-
deductible distribution and be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain circumstances. However, this should 
not apply on the basis of a confirmation by the Issuer that, at the time the Notes were issued, the Issuer was not in 
possession or aware of any information which could reasonably be taken to indicate that interest or other 
distributions paid on the Notes would not be subject, without reduction computed by reference to the amount of 
such interest or other distribution, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally applies to profits, income or gains 
received in that relevant territory by persons from sources outside that relevant territory, where the term “relevant

--- Page 265 ---
256 
 
territory” means a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has 
signed a double tax treaty. 
 
Encashment Tax 
 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. from interest on any Note, where such interest 
is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. There is an 
exemption from encashment tax where the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made 
a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
 
Stamp Duty 
 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Notes provided the 
Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 and the 
proceeds of the Notes are used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
 
Russian Federation 
General 
The following is a summary of certain Russian tax considerations relevant to the purchase, ownership and disposal 
of the Notes as well as taxation of interest and other payments on the corresponding Loan. This summary is based 
on the laws of the Russian Federation and the practice of their interpretation and application by the relevant 
authorities as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus (where these laws are subject to changes, which could 
occur frequently, at short notice and may have retroactive effect). The information and analysis contained within 
this section are limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information or analysis 
set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. This 
summary does not seek to address the applicability of, and/or procedures in relation to, taxes levied by regions, 
municipalities or other non-federal level authorities of Russia or tax implications arising for the Noteholders 
applying special tax regimes available under Russian tax legislation, nor does it seek to address the availability of 
double tax treaty to and the eligibility for double tax treaty relief of any Noteholder in respect of income payable 
on the Notes, or practical difficulties involved in claiming or obtaining such double tax treaty relief, including 
confirmation of a beneficial ownership status, non-application of a limitation on benefits provision, interpretation 
of a principal purpose test etc., as well as tax benefits which may be available under the applicable double tax 
treaties. The analysis set out herein does not include any comments on tax implications which could arise for the 
Noteholders in connection with entering into REPO or stock lending transactions with the Notes or into term deals, 
derivatives or any similar types of transactions with the Notes. 
Many aspects of Russian tax laws and regulations are subject to significant uncertainty and lack of interpretive 
guidance resulting in different interpretations and the inconsistent application thereof by various Russian 
authorities in practice. The substantive provisions of Russian tax laws and regulations applicable to securities and 
financial instruments may be subject to more rapid and unpredictable changes (possibly with the retroactive effect) 
and inconsistent application as compared to jurisdictions with more developed capital markets and tax systems. In 
practice, the interpretation and application of tax laws and regulations by different tax inspectorates may be 
inconsistent or contradictory and may result in the imposition of conditions, requirements or restrictions that are 
not explicitly stated by the law. The interpretation and application of such provisions will, in practice, rest 
substantially with local tax inspectorates and such interpretations may often be inconsistent and/or may often 
change. Furthermore, in the absence of binding precedents court rulings on tax or other related matters taken by 
different courts relating to the same or similar circumstances may also be inconsistent or contradictory. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of investing in the 
Notes, which may arise in their own particular circumstances. No representations with respect to the Russian tax 
consequences relevant to any particular Noteholder are made hereby. 
For the purposes of this summary, the term “Resident Noteholder” means: 
 
(i) a Russian legal entity or an organization which acquires, holds and disposes the Notes of any Series, 
(ii) a legal entity or an organization, in each case organised under a non-Russian law, which acquires, 
holds and disposes the Notes of any Series through its permanent establishment in Russia (as defined by 
Russian tax law), or (iii) a foreign organization organized under a non-Russian law and recognized as 
Russian tax resident in accordance with the requirements set out in the Russian Tax Code, which acquires, 
holds and disposes the Notes of any Series (the “Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity”). An organization 
formed under a non-Russian law shall be deemed to be tax resident of the Russian Federation for the 
purposes of the Russian Tax Code if (1) it is deemed to be tax resident of the Russian Federation in

--- Page 266 ---
257 
 
accordance with an applicable double tax treaty and/or (2) its place of management is in the Russian 
Federation unless a different conclusion follows from an applicable double tax treaty. 
 
an individual who satisfies the criteria for being a Russian tax resident and who acquires, holds and 
disposes of the Notes of any Series (the “Resident Noteholder-Individual”). A “Russian tax resident” is 
an individual who is actually present in Russia for an aggregate period of 183 calendar days or more in 
any period comprised of 12 consecutive months. Presence in Russia for Russian personal income tax 
residency purposes is not considered interrupted if an individual departs from Russia for short periods of 
time (less than six months) for medical treatment, education purposes or completion of employment or 
other duties related to work (rendering services) at offshore hydrocarbon fields. 
For the purposes of this summary, the term “Non-Resident Noteholder” means: 
 
a Noteholder which is a legal entity or an organisation, in each case not organised under the Russian law, 
which acquires, holds and disposes of the Notes of any Series otherwise than through its permanent 
establishment in Russia and does not satisfy the criteria for being a Russian tax resident as defined above 
(the “Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity”), and 
 
a Noteholder who is an individual and does not satisfy the criteria for being a Russian tax resident as 
defined above and who acquires, holds and disposes of the Notes of any Series (the “Non-Resident 
Noteholder-Individual”). 
For the purposes of this summary, the definitions of “Resident Noteholder-Individual” and “Non-Resident 
Noteholder-Individual” are taken at face value based on the wording of Russian tax law as written as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. In practice, however, the application of the above formal residency definition may differ 
based on the position of the Russian tax authorities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the law is worded in a 
way that implies the potential for individuals to be a tax resident in Russia for a part of a calendar year. However, 
both the Russian Ministry of Finance and the Russian tax authorities have expressed the view that an individual 
should be either tax resident or non-resident in Russia for the full calendar year and consequently even where the 
travel pattern dictates differing tax residency status for a part of the tax year, the application of the Russian personal 
income residency tax rate may in practice be disallowed. This situation may be altered by the introduction of 
amendments to other articles of the Russian Tax Code dealing with taxation of individuals, a change in the position 
of the Russian tax authorities or by outcomes of tax controversy through the courts. 
Tax residency rules and Russian Federation’s rights with regard to taxation may be affected by an applicable 
double tax treaty. The Russian tax treatment of interest payments to be made by Alfa Bank to the Issuer (or to the 
Trustee, as the case may be) under the relevant Loan Agreement may affect taxation of the Noteholders. See 
“Taxation of Interest on the Loans” below. 
Taxation of the Notes  
Resident Noteholders 
Resident Noteholders will be subject to all applicable Russian taxes in respect of income realised by them in 
connection with the acquisition, ownership and/or disposal of the Notes of any Series (including interest received 
on the Notes) or in connection with payments under the relevant Loan Agreement made by Alfa Bank to the Issuer 
(or to the Trustee, as the case may be) if Resident Noteholders qualify for persons that have actual right to the 
income concerned for Russian tax purposes. See Section ”Taxation of Interest on the Loans” below. 
Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors with regards to the effect that the acquisition, holding 
and/or disposal of the Notes may have on their tax position. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Taxation of Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities  
 
Acquisition of the Notes 
The mere acquisition of the Notes by Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities per se (whether upon their issue 
or in the secondary market) should not trigger any Russian tax implications for the Non-Resident Noteholders-
Legal Entities at the moment of the acquisition. 
 
Interest on the Notes 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities generally should not be subject to any Russian taxes in respect of 
payment of interest on the Notes received from the Issuer. The taxation of interest on the Notes may however be 
affected by the Russian withholding tax treatment of interest on any Loan. See “Taxation of Interest on the Loans” 
below.

--- Page 267 ---
258 
 
 
Sale or other Disposal of the Notes 
Sale or other disposal proceeds, received by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity from a source within or 
outside Russia should not be generally subject to any Russian taxes, provided that the proceeds of such sale, 
redemption, or other disposal are not received from a source within Russia. 
Generally, there should be no Russian withholding tax on gains from sale or other disposal of the Notes imposed 
on Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity. However, there is some uncertainty regarding the Russian withholding 
tax treatment of the portion of the sale or other disposal proceeds, if any, attributable to accrued interest (coupon) 
on the Notes (i.e. debt obligations ), where proceeds from sale or other disposal of the Notes are received from a 
source within Russia by a Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity. 
This uncertainty is caused by isolated instances in which the Russian tax authorities challenged the non-application 
of Russian withholding tax to the amount of accrued interest (coupon) embedded into the sale price of the 
eurobonds. Although the Russian Ministry of Finance in its most recent clarification letters opined that the amount 
of sale or other disposal proceeds attributable to the accrued interest on the Eurobonds paid to a non-Russian 
organization should not be regarded as Russian-source income and on this basis should not be subject to taxation 
in Russia, there remains a possibility that a Russian entity, an individual entrepreneur, or a foreign entity having a 
registered tax presence in Russia which purchases the Notes from a Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity or acts 
as an intermediary may seek to assess Russian withholding tax at 20% rate (or such other rate as could be effective 
at the time of such sale or other disposal) on the accrued interest portion of the sale or other disposal proceeds. See 
“Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Russian Taxation”. 
 
Redemption of the Notes 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities should not be generally subject to any Russian taxes in respect of 
repayment of principal on the Notes received from the Issuer. 
Taxation of Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals 
Acquisition of the Notes 
Acquisition of the Notes by Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals may constitute a taxable event for Russian 
personal income tax purposes pursuant to the provisions of the Russian Tax Code relating to the material benefit 
(deemed income) received by individuals as a result of acquisition of securities (in case the Notes are initially 
issued at par, these provisions are likely to be relevant for the acquisitions of the Notes in the secondary market 
only). If the acquisition price of the Notes is below the lower margin of the fair market value calculated under a 
specific procedure for the determination of market prices of securities for Russian personal income tax purposes, 
the difference may become subject to the Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax 
rate as may be effective at the time of acquisition), which is, arguably, subject to reduction or elimination under 
the applicable double tax treaty. 
Under the Russian tax legislation, taxation of income of Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals will depend on 
whether this income would be qualified as received from Russian or non-Russian sources. Although the Russian 
Tax Code does not contain any provisions in relation to how the related material benefit should be sourced, in 
practice the Russian tax authorities may infer that such income should be considered as Russian source income, if 
the Notes are purchased “in Russia”. In the absence of any guidance as to what should be considered as a purchase 
of securities “in Russia”, the Russian tax authorities may apply various criteria in order to determine the source of 
the related material benefit, including looking at the place of conclusion of acquisition transaction, the location of 
the issuer, or other similar criteria. There is no assurance therefore that as a result any material benefit received by 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals in connection with the acquisition of the Notes will not become taxed in 
Russia. 
 
Interest on the Notes 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals generally should not be subject to Russian personal income tax in respect 
of payment of interest on the Notes received from the Issuer. Taxation of interest on the Notes may however be 
affected by the taxation treatment of income from sale of the Notes and/or interest on the relevant Loan. See “Sale 
or other Disposal of the Notes” and “Taxation of Interest on the Loans” below. 
 
Sale, Redemption or other Disposal of the Notes 
Non-resident Noteholder–Individuals should not be subject to any Russian taxes in respect of gains or other income 
realised on a redemption, sale or other disposal of the Notes of any Series outside of Russia, provided that the 
proceeds of such sale, redemption or other disposal are not received from a source within Russia. 
Subject to any available tax treaty relief, if the receipt of any proceeds from redemption, sale or other disposal of 
the Notes by a Non-Resident Noteholder – Individual is classified as income from Russian sources for Russian

--- Page 268 ---
259 
 
personal income tax purposes, as such, these proceeds will become subject to Russian personal income tax at the 
rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of disposal). 
Since the Russian Tax Code does not contain any additional guidance as to when the sale or other disposal proceeds 
should be deemed to be received from Russian sources by an individual not qualifying as a tax resident for Russian 
personal income tax purposes, in practice the Russian tax authorities may infer that such income should be 
considered as Russian source income, if the Notes are sold or disposed “in Russia”. In the absence of any guidance 
as to what should be considered as a sale or other disposal of securities “in Russia”, the Russian tax authorities 
may apply various criteria in order to determine the source of the sale or other disposal, including looking at the 
place of conclusion of the transaction, the location of the Issuer, or other similar criteria. There is no assurance 
therefore that as a result that sale or other disposal proceeds received by Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals 
will not become taxable in Russia. 
If the disposal proceeds are considered as being derived from Russian sources, Russian personal income tax will 
apply to the gross amount of sales or other disposal proceeds (including proceeds attributable to accrued and paid 
interest on the Notes) decreased by the amount of duly documented cost deductions (including the original 
acquisition costs of the Notes and other documented expenses related to the acquisition, holding and the sale or 
other disposal of the Notes) provided that the Notes qualify as securities under Russian and applicable foreign law 
and the relevant documentation is duly executed. There is a risk that, if the documentation supporting the cost 
deductions is deemed insufficient by the Russian tax authorities or the person remitting the respective income to 
the Non-Resident Noteholders—Individuals (where such person qualifies as a tax agent obliged to calculate and 
withhold Russian personal income tax and remit it to the Russian budget), the immediate costs deduction will be 
disallowed and the tax will apply to the gross amount of sales or other disposal proceeds. 
In certain circumstances if sales or other disposal proceeds (including proceeds attributable to accrued and paid 
interest on the Notes) are paid to a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual by a party considered as tax agent for 
Russian tax purposes, the applicable Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30% (or such other tax rate as may 
be effective at the time of payment) should be withheld at source by such tax agent. Any organisation being a 
Russian tax resident, an individual entrepreneur, a Russian representative office or Russian branch of a foreign 
organisation making payment of proceeds from the sale or other disposal of the Notes to Non-Resident 
Noteholder—Individual may be considered as the tax agent. 
The amount of tax withheld will be calculated after taking into account available documented deductions for the 
original acquisition cost and related expenses on the acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal of the Notes to 
the extent such deductions and expenses can be determined by the entity making the payment of income to a Non-
Resident Noteholder-Individual. The tax agent which is a professional intermediary acting under an asset 
management agreement, brokerage service agreement, an agency agreement or a commission agreement would be 
required to report to the Russian tax authorities in respect of its inability to withhold personal income tax in full 
within one month upon termination of the agreement or by March 1 of the year following the calendar year in 
which the income was received. Failure or inability of the tax agent to timely withhold the applicable Russian 
personal income tax in full will place the onus of reporting and payment of such tax on the Non-Resident 
Noteholder-Individual based on tax notification issued by the tax authorities. 
If the costs and other expenses were born in connection with the acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal of 
the Notes within the relationship with the party other than tax agent who is obliged to calculate and withhold 
Russian personal income tax under this agreement, original duly documented costs and other documented expenses 
related to the acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal of the Notes may be taken into account by the tax 
agent upon written application of the Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual and presentation of the documents 
confirming such costs and expenses.  
Where the Notes are sold by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual to legal entities, organisations or individuals 
other than mentioned above as tax agents, generally, no Russian personal income tax should be withheld at source 
by these persons. The Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual would be then required to file a personal income tax 
return individually, report on the amount of income realised to the Russian tax authorities and apply for a deduction 
in the amount of acquisition and other expenses related to the acquisition, holding and the sale or other disposal of 
the Notes, confirmed by the supporting documentation. The applicable personal income tax will then have to be 
paid by the Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual on the basis of the filed personal income tax return. Under certain 
circumstances gains received and losses incurred by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual as a result of sale or 
other disposal of the Notes and other securities of the same category (namely, securities qualified as traded or non-
traded for Russian personal income tax purposes) occurring within the same tax year may be aggregated for 
Russian personal income tax purposes which would affect the total amount of personal income tax payable by a 
Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual in Russia.  
There is also a risk that any gains derived by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual from the sale or other disposal 
of the Notes may be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the currency of acquisition of the Notes,

--- Page 269 ---
260 
 
the currency of the sale or other disposal of the Notes and Roubles. 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals should consult their own tax advisors with respect to tax consequences 
arising in connection with the acquisition, holding, sale or other disposal of the Notes, including the receipt of 
sales or other proceeds from a source within Russia upon the sale or other disposal of the Notes.  
Tax Treaty Relief 
The Russian Federation has concluded double tax treaties with a number of countries and honours some double 
tax treaties concluded by the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. These double tax treaties may contain 
provisions that allow to reduce or eliminate Russian income tax due with respect to income received by Non-
Resident Noteholders from Russian sources including income relating to acquisition, holding, sale or other disposal 
of the Notes (if this income is treated as income from Russian sources). To the extent double tax treaty benefits 
are available, in order to obtain them such Non-Resident Noteholders must comply with the certification, 
information, and reporting requirements in force in the Russian Federation (relating, in particular, to the 
confirmation of the entitlement and eligibility for treaty benefits). 
In addition, in order to enjoy double tax treaty benefits, a Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity which has the 
actual right to receive income (i.e., who qualifies as a “beneficial owner of income”) and is eligible for the benefits 
of the applicable double tax treaty is obliged to provide the tax agent with the satisfactory documentary evidence 
as well as the duly executed tax residency certificate before the date of the income payment. The tax residency 
status of Non-Resident Noteholders – Legal Entities which are banks in jurisdictions which have concluded double 
tax treaties with the Russian Federation and which have the actual right to receive income and claim reduced tax 
rates under the applicable double tax treaties can be confirmed by public information guides (e.g. Bankers 
Almanac) in lieu of the tax residency certificate. 
In order to apply for tax exemption or payment of tax at a reduced tax rate under the respective double tax treaty, 
a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual must provide to the tax agent a passport of a foreign citizen in order to 
prove his/her tax residency status in the foreign jurisdiction. If this document is not sufficient to prove the tax 
residency status, the tax agent will request the Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual to provide a tax residency 
certificate issued by the competent authorities in his/her country of residence for tax purposes. If the documents 
proving residency in the respective state are submitted to the tax agent after the personal income tax is withheld, 
the tax agent will be required to reimburse to the Non-Resident Noteholder Individual the amount of tax withheld.  
The law does not clearly establish how the tax agent shall determine whether a passport is sufficient to confirm 
the individual’s eligibility for double tax treaty benefits.  
It is not explicit whether under the Russian Tax Code the Russian citizens who are Non-Resident Noteholders-
Individuals would be able to enjoy exemption from taxation at source under an applicable double tax treaty in 
practice. 
The procedure of elimination of double taxation by means of exemption under an applicable double tax treaty of 
the Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals in case of absence of a tax agent is not explicitly indicated in the 
Russian Tax Code.  
Non-Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding possible tax treaty relief and procedures 
required to be fulfilled for obtaining such relief with respect to any Russian taxes imposed in respect of interest 
income on the Notes or any income received in connection with the acquisition, holding and the sale or other 
disposal of the Notes.  
Moreover, currently it is not entirely clear how the double tax treaty to which the Russian Federation is a party 
would be affected by the MLI. It is possible that the changes made as a result of Russia being a party to the MLI 
may have an additional adverse impact on the availability of double taxation treaty benefits to the Non-Resident 
Noteholders (See “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Russian Taxation” for further details). 
Refund of Tax Withheld 
If Russian withholding tax on income derived from Russian sources by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity 
was withheld at source a claim for a refund of the tax that was withheld at source can be filed by that Non-Resident 
Noteholder-Legal Entity with the Russian tax authorities either based on general tax reclaim procedures within 
three years following the date of withholding, or, provided that such Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity is 
entitled to the benefits of the applicable double tax treaty allowing it not to pay the tax or allowing it to pay the tax 
at a reduced tax rate in relation to such income, within three years following the year in which the tax was withheld. 
There is no assurance that such refund will be possible in practice to the Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity.  
If Russian personal income tax on income derived from Russian sources by a Non-Resident Noteholder–
Individual, for whom double tax treaty relief is available, was withheld at source despite the right of this Non-
Resident Noteholder–Individual to rely on benefits of the applicable double tax treaty allowing such individual

--- Page 270 ---
261 
 
not to pay the tax in Russia or allowing to pay the tax at a reduced tax rate in relation to such income, a claim for 
a refund of Russian personal tax (which was excessively withheld at source) and an application of the benefits of 
the applicable double tax treaty, together with a passport of a foreign individual / tax residency certificate issued 
by the competent authorities in his/her country of residence may be filed by that Non-Resident Noteholder–
Individual to the tax agent within three years following the tax year when the corresponding income was received. 
In the absence of a tax agent who withheld the Russian personal income tax under consideration (for instance, in 
case of a liquidation of the tax agent), such an application for a refund may be filed with the Russian tax authorities 
within the same period (three years following the tax year when the corresponding income was received) with the 
Russian tax return, a tax residency certificate and documents proving tax withholding to the Russian tax authorities. 
There can be no assurance that the tax agent and/or the Russian tax authorities will refund this tax in practice.  
Although the Russian Tax Code arguably contains an exhaustive list of documents and information which have to 
be provided by the Non-Resident Noteholder to the Russian tax authorities for the tax refund purposes, the Russian 
tax authorities may, in practice, require a wide variety of documentation confirming the right of a Non-Resident 
Noteholder to obtain tax relief available under the applicable double tax treaty. Such documentation may not be 
explicitly required by the Russian Tax Code and may to a large extent depend on the position of local 
representatives of the tax inspectorates. 
Obtaining a refund of Russian income taxes that were excessively withheld at source is likely to be a time 
consuming process requiring many efforts and no assurance can be given that such refund will be granted to a 
Non-Resident Noteholders in practice. 
Non-Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding procedures required to be fulfilled in 
order to obtain refund of Russian income taxes, which were excessively withheld at source.  
Taxation of Interest payments on the Loans 
In general, payments of interest on borrowed funds made by a Russian entity to a non-resident legal entity or 
organisation having no registered presence and/or no permanent establishment and/or no tax residency in Russia 
are subject to Russian withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the 
time of payment), which could be potentially reduced or eliminated under the terms of an applicable double tax 
treaty subject to timely compliance with the respective treaty clearance formalities by the interest recipient and 
confirmation of the beneficial ownership status.  
Generally, no withholding tax obligations should arise in Eurobond structures (as defined in Section ”Risk 
Factors”) by virtue of the special exemption envisaged by the Russian Tax Code. The Russian Tax Code provides 
that Russian borrowers should be fully released from the obligation to withhold tax from interest and other 
payments made to foreign entities provided that the following conditions are all simultaneously met: 
1. 
interest is paid on debt obligations of Russian entities that arose in connection with the placement by 
foreign entities of “traded bonds”, which are defined as bonds or other debt obligations (a) listed and/or 
admitted to trading on one of the qualifying foreign exchanges and/or (b) that have been registered in 
qualifying foreign depository/clearing organisations; 
The lists of qualifying foreign exchanges and foreign depositary/clearing organisations were approved by 
the Central Bank of the Russian Federation in its Instruction № 4393-U of 30 May 2017 (the “Lists”). 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are included in the Lists. Irish Stock Exchange plc is currently 
trading as Euronext Dublin. Euronext Dublin is not expressly mentioned in the Lists (as it is the new 
trading name of the Irish Stock Exchange which was specifically referred to therein), but to the extent the 
Notes are deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of nominee of, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, this condition should be considered satisfied.  
When Euronext Dublin changes its legal name, it would technically cease appearing in the Lists. If the 
Notes are held through Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the referenced condition for the tax 
exemption should still be satisfied regardless of the particular stock exchange on which the Notes will be 
listed and/ or admitted to trading. 
The connection between the debt obligation and the issued bonds should be evident and supported with 
documents, which are set forth in the Russian Tax Code. 
2. 
there is a double tax treaty between Russia and the jurisdiction of tax residence of the Loan interest 
income recipient (namely the Issuer) and the Issuer will be able to provide the Loan interest payor (i.e. 
Alfa Bank) with a duly executed tax residency certificate; 
3. 
the recipient of interest on the relevant Loan is a foreign entity which is the issuer of issued bonds (i.e., 
the Issuer), or a foreign entity authorized to receive interest income payable on the issued bonds, or a 
foreign entity to which rights and obligations under bonds issued by another foreign entity have been

--- Page 271 ---
262 
 
assigned. 
Alfa Bank believes that it should be eligible to satisfy the mentioned above conditions established by the Russian 
Tax Code and obtain a release from the obligation to withhold Russian income tax from payments of interest and 
certain other amounts, as the case may be, on each Loan to the Issuer, which satisfies the conditions set forth above 
throughout the term of the relevant Loan and the Notes of the corresponding Series subject to the qualifications 
set out above.  
Importantly, the Russian Tax Code does not provide for the exemption of the foreign interest income recipients 
from Russian withholding tax and/or Russian personal income tax, as the case may be, in addition to the release 
of the Russian borrower from withholding tax obligations in respect of interest payable on the loan. Currently there 
is no requirement and mechanism in the Russian tax legislation for the foreign income recipients being the legal 
entities to self-assess and pay the tax to the Russian tax authorities, in case the tax was not withheld at source. 
Moreover, the Russian Ministry of Finance acknowledged in its information letter published on its website that 
the release of Russian companies from obligation to act as a tax agent means, in effect, that tax at source within 
Russia should not arise in connection with Eurobond structure, since there is neither a mechanism nor obligation 
for a non-resident to independently calculate and pay such tax. At the same time, so far this acknowledgement of 
the Russian Ministry of Finance has not been anyhow formalised. In a separate letter issued by the Russian Ministry 
of Finance on a later date, it opined that the foreign income recipient remains liable to tax, if the amount of tax 
was due to withholding and was not withheld by the Russian tax agent. The letter has not however been issued in 
connection with Eurobond structure. There can be no assurance that rules on self-assessment and payment of the 
respective withholding taxes by non-residents will not be introduced in the future or that the Russian tax authorities 
would not change their position on the matter in connection with Eurobond structures or would not make attempts 
to collect the tax from the foreign income recipients, including the Issuer, the Non-Resident Noteholders and/or 
the Trustee. Resident Noteholders that have the actual right to interest and other income on any Loan will be 
subject to Russian personal income tax (for Resident Noteholders - Individuals) or profit tax (for Resident 
Noteholders – Legal Entities) at applicable Russian tax rates, which may be withheld at source or payable on a 
self-assessed basis. 
If interest and/or any other amounts due under any Loan become payable to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed, 
there is some residual uncertainty whether the release from the obligation to withhold the tax under the Russian 
Tax Code would be available to Alfa Bank. Specifically, there is some uncertainty whether the Trustee will be 
qualified as an “entity authorised to receive interest income payable on traded bonds” containing in the Russian 
Tax Code. It is not expected that the Trustee will, or will be able to, claim a Russian withholding tax exemption 
or reduction under any applicable double tax treaty under such circumstances. It creates a potential risk that in case 
payments under the Loan of any Series are made to the Trustee for the benefit of the Non-Resident Noteholders, 
the Russian withholding tax at the rate of 20% (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of payment) 
or Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30% (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of payment), 
should be deducted from the amount of interest and some other payments under the relevant Loan Agreement. 
While some Non-Resident Noteholders may seek a reduction or elimination of Russian withholding tax or personal 
income tax, as applicable, or a refund of the respective taxes under applicable double tax treaties entered into 
between their countries of tax residence and the Russian Federation, where such treaties exist and to the extent 
they are applicable, there is no assurance that any treaty relief will be available to them in practice under such 
circumstances. 
If any payments under any Loan become subject to Russian withholding tax (as a result of which the Issuer or the 
Trustee will be required to reduce payments made by it under the corresponding Notes by the amount of such 
withholding tax), Alfa Bank will be obliged (subject to certain conditions) under the terms of the relevant Loan 
Agreement to increase payments made by it under the relevant Loan as may be necessary so that the net payments 
received by the Issuer or the Trustee will be equal to the amounts they would have received in absence of such 
withholding tax. There is a risk that gross-up for Russian withholding tax may not take place and that payments 
made by Alfa Bank under the relevant Loan will be reduced by the amount of the Russian income tax or Russian 
personal income tax withheld by it at source. 
If Alfa Bank is obliged to increase any payments under any Loan or to make additional payments on any or all 
Loans as described above, it may (without premium or penalty), subject to certain conditions, prepay the relevant 
Loan in full. In such case, all outstanding Notes of the corresponding Series will be redeemable or repayable at 
par together with accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to the date of repayment. 
No VAT will be payable in Russia in respect of interest and principal payments under each Loan. 
Certain United States Federal Tax Considerations 
The following is a general description of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations related to the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential tax effects.

--- Page 272 ---
263 
 
This discussion is limited to consequences relevant to a U.S. holder (as defined below), and does not address the 
effects of any U.S. federal tax laws other than U.S. federal income tax laws (such as estate and gift tax laws) or 
any state, local or non-U.S. tax laws. This discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations issued 
thereunder (the “Treasury Regulations”), and judicial and administrative interpretations thereof, each as in effect 
on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. No rulings from the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) have been or are expected to be sought with respect to the matters 
discussed below. There can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a different position concerning the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes or that any such position would not be 
sustained. 
This discussion does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to a holder 
in light of such holder’s particular circumstances, including the impact of the unearned income Medicare 
contribution tax or the alternative minimum tax, or to holders subject to special rules, such as certain financial 
institutions, U.S. expatriates, insurance companies, dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities, 
U.S. holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, tax-exempt entities, regulated investment 
companies, real estate investment trusts, partnerships or other pass through entities and investors in such entities, 
persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to the Notes 
being taken into account in an “applicable financial statement” (as defined in Section 451 of the Code), 
U.S. holders that are resident in or have a permanent establishment in a jurisdiction outside the United States, 
U.S. holders that hold Notes through non-U.S. brokers or other non-U.S. intermediaries and persons holding the 
Notes as part of a “straddle,” “hedge,” “conversion transaction” or other integrated transaction. In addition, this 
discussion is limited to persons who purchase Notes for cash at their “issue price” (the first price at which a 
substantial amount of Notes is sold to the public for cash, excluding sales to bond houses, brokers or similar 
persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers), or, if different, 
the price set forth in the relevant Final Terms, and who hold the Notes as capital assets within the meaning of 
section 1221 of the Code. 
For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation or any entity taxable 
as a corporation that is created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the 
District of Columbia; (iii) any estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of 
its source; or (iv) any trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of 
the trust, or if a valid election is in place to treat the trust as a U.S. person. 
If any entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the Notes, the 
U.S. tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the 
activities of the partnership. A partnership considering an investment in the Notes, and partners in such a 
partnership, should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
No authority directly addresses the U.S. federal income tax characterisation of securities like the Notes and the 
Issuer has not and will not seek a ruling from the IRS as to their characterisation for such purposes. To the extent 
relevant for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as indebtedness for such 
purposes and this discussion assumes that treatment is correct. Alternative characterisations include treatment of 
the Notes as beneficial ownership of the Senior Loan or as equity in the Issuer. If the Notes were treated as equity, 
there is a significant risk that the U.S. holders may be treated as holding equity in a “passive foreign investment 
company”. In addition, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as debt instruments that are not treated as “contingent 
payment debt instruments” and such characterisation is binding on all U.S. holders unless a U.S. holder discloses 
otherwise on its U.S. federal income tax return. The foregoing position is not binding on the IRS or a court, and 
no assurance can be given that the IRS will not assert, or a court would not sustain, a position regarding the 
characterisation of the Notes that is contrary to the Issuer’s characterisation. Prospective investors should seek 
advice from their tax advisers as to the proper characterisation of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
and the consequences to them of alternative characterisations of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
The following discussion assumes that the Notes will not be issued with any (or with only a de minimus amount 
of) original issue discount (“OID”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are not treated as “contingent 
payment debt instruments”, and that all interest on the Notes will constitute “qualified stated interest” for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular consequences to 
you under U.S. federal, state and local, and any applicable foreign, tax laws of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. Any supplemental U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning Notes will be 
discussed in the relevant Series Prospectus.

--- Page 273 ---
264 
 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the tax consequences of 
holding Notes in light of their particular circumstances, including the application of the U.S. federal income 
tax considerations discussed below, as well as the application of other federal, state, local, foreign or other 
tax laws. 
Payments and accruals of stated interest 
Except as noted below with respect to pre-issuance accrued interest, stated interest on the Notes (including any 
additional amounts paid in respect of withholding taxes and without reduction for any amounts withheld) generally 
will be includible in the gross income of a U.S. holder as ordinary income at the time that such payments are 
received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
A U.S. holder that uses the cash method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that receives a 
payment of stated interest on the Notes will be required to include in income (as ordinary income) the U.S. dollar 
value of the foreign currency interest payment (determined based on the spot rate of exchange on the date such 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at such time. A cash 
method U.S. holder will not recognize foreign currency exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of such 
stated interest, but may recognize foreign currency exchange gain or loss attributable to the actual disposition of 
the foreign currency so received. 
A U.S. holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or who is otherwise 
required to accrue interest prior to receipt, will be required to include in income (as ordinary income) the 
U.S. dollar value of the amount of stated interest income in foreign currency that has accrued for such year 
determined by translating such amount into U.S. dollars at the average spot rate of exchange for the accrual period 
or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average spot rate of exchange for the 
partial period within each taxable year. Alternatively, an accrual basis U.S. holder may make an election (which 
must be applied consistently to all debt instruments held by the electing U.S. holder at the beginning of the first 
taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. holder, and cannot be changed without 
the consent of the IRS) to translate accrued interest income into U.S. dollars using the spot rate of exchange on the 
last day of the interest accrual period (or the last day of the portion of the accrual period within each taxable year 
in the case of a partial accrual period), or at the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt, if that date is within 
five business days of the last day of the accrual period. A U.S. holder that uses the accrual method of accounting 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes will recognize foreign currency exchange gain or loss with respect to accrued 
stated interest income on the date such interest is received. The amount of foreign currency exchange gain or loss 
recognized will equal the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment received 
(determined based on the spot rate of exchange on the date such stated interest is received) in respect of such 
accrual period and the U.S. dollar value of the interest income that has accrued during such accrual period (as 
determined above), regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at such time. Any such 
foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will constitute ordinary income or loss and be treated, for foreign 
tax credit purposes, as U.S. source income or loss, and generally will not be treated as an adjustment to interest 
income or expense. 
Pre-issuance accrued interest 
A portion of the purchase price paid for a Note may be allocable to unpaid stated interest that has accrued prior to 
the date the Note is purchased (the “pre-issuance accrued interest”). As a result, a portion of the first interest 
payment on a Note equal to the amount of such pre-issuance accrued interest may be treated as a nontaxable return 
of such pre-issuance accrued interest (except that a U.S. holder generally would be required to recognize exchange 
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar value of the pre-issuance accrued 
interest at the time of purchase and at the time the payment of such pre-issuance accrued interest is received, as 
determined at the spot rate in effect on each such date). Amounts treated as pre-issuance accrued interest should 
be excluded from the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note and should not reduce a U.S. holder’s adjusted 
tax basis in the Note when received. U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax treatment 
of the pre-issuance accrued interest. 
Amortizable bond premium 
If a U.S. holder purchases a Note for an amount (not including any amount paid for pre-issuance accrued interest, 
as discussed above) in excess of its principal amount, such U.S. holder will be considered to have purchased the 
Note with “amortizable bond premium” in an amount equal to the excess.

--- Page 274 ---
265 
 
Subject to certain exceptions and the limitation, a U.S. holder may elect to amortize any amortizable bond premium 
as an offset to stated interest over the remaining term of a Note on a constant yield method. A U.S. holder making 
this election must generally use any amortizable bond premium allocable to an accrual period to offset stated 
interest required to be included in income with respect to the Note in such accrual period. A U.S. holder that elects 
to amortize bond premium with respect to a Note must reduce its adjusted tax basis in the Note by the U.S. dollar 
amount of the premium amortized. An election to amortize bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations 
then owned and thereafter acquired by such U.S. holder and such election may be revoked only with the consent 
of the IRS. Amortizable bond premium will be computed in foreign currency. A U.S. holder making the election 
to amortize bond premium generally would recognize exchange gain or loss each period equal to the difference 
between the U.S. dollar value of bond premium with respect to such period determined on the date the interest 
attributable to such period is received and the U.S. dollar value of such amortized bond premium determined on 
the date of the acquisition of the Notes. The Notes may be subject to call provisions at our option at various times. 
As a result, a U.S. holder may be required to calculate the amount of amortizable bond premium based on the 
amount payable on an applicable call date if the use of the call price and the call date results in a smaller amortizable 
bond premium for the period ending on the call date. U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding 
the advisability of this election to amortize amortizable bond premium and availability of the deduction for 
amortizable bond premium. 
With respect to a U.S. holder that does not elect to amortize bond premium, the amount of bond premium will 
reduce a gain or increase a loss upon sale, exchange or other disposition or result in a loss when the Note matures. 
Sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. holder generally 
will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized upon such disposition (less 
any amount equal to any accrued but unpaid stated interest, which, unless it represents pre-issuance accrued 
interest, will be taxable as interest income in accordance with the U.S. holder’s method of tax accounting as 
described above to the extent not previously included in income by the U.S. holder) and such U.S. holder’s 
adjusted tax basis in the Note. 
A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note will, in general, be the cost of such Note to such U.S. holder, excluding 
any amount attributable to pre-issuance accrued interest and decreased by any amortizable bond premium 
previously amortized by such U.S. holder with respect to the Note. The cost of a Note purchased with foreign 
currency generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price on the date of purchase, 
calculated at the exchange rate in effect on that date. If the Note is traded on an established securities market, a 
cash basis taxpayer (and, if it elects, an accrual basis taxpayer) will determine the U.S. dollar value of the cost of 
the Note by translating the amount paid at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the purchase. 
If a U.S. holder receives foreign currency on such a sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable 
disposition of a Note, the amount realized generally will be based on the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency 
translated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of taxable disposition. In the case of a Note that is considered to 
be traded on an established securities market, a cash basis U.S. holder (and, if it so elects, an accrual basis 
U.S. holder) will determine the U.S. dollar value of such foreign currency by translating such amount at the spot 
rate of exchange on the settlement date of the disposition. The special election available to accrual basis 
U.S. holders in regard to the purchase and disposition of Notes traded on an established securities market must be 
applied consistently to all debt instruments held by the U.S. holder from year to year and cannot be changed 
without the consent of the IRS. An accrual basis U.S. holder that does not make the special election will recognize 
foreign currency exchange gain or loss to the extent that there are exchange rate fluctuations between the 
disposition date and the settlement date, and such gain or loss generally will constitute U.S. source ordinary income 
or loss. 
Gain or loss recognized upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note that 
is attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates with respect to the principal amount of such Note generally 
will be treated as ordinary income or loss. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates with 
respect to the principal amount of a Note generally will equal the difference, if any, between (x) the U.S. dollar 
value of the U.S. holder’s foreign currency purchase price for the Note (excluding any amounts attributable to pre-
issuance accrued interest), determined at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement, 
redemption or other taxable disposition and decreased by the U.S. dollar value of any amortizable bond premium 
amortized by the U.S. holder with respect to the Note, and (y) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. holder’s foreign 
currency purchase price for the Note (excluding any amounts attributable to pre-issuance accrued interest), 
determined at the spot rate of exchange on the date the U.S. holder purchased the Note and decreased by the 
U.S. dollar value of any amortizable bond premium previously amortized by the U.S. holder with respect to the

--- Page 275 ---
266 
 
Note. In addition, upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, a 
U.S. holder may recognize foreign currency exchange gain or loss attributable to amounts received with respect to 
accrued and unpaid stated interest (and, if applicable, pre-issuance accrued interest), which will be treated as 
discussed above under “—Payments of stated interest” or “—Pre-issuance accrued interest,” as applicable. 
However, upon a sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. holder will 
recognize any foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including with respect to accrued and unpaid interest) only 
to the extent of total gain or loss realized by such U.S. holder on such disposition. 
Any gain or loss recognized upon the sale, exchange, retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a Note 
in excess of foreign currency exchange gain or loss attributable to such disposition generally will be U.S. source 
gain or loss and generally will be capital gain or loss. Capital gains of non-corporate U.S. holders (including 
individuals) derived in respect of capital assets held for more than one year are generally eligible for reduced rates 
of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding how to account for payments made in a foreign currency 
with respect to the acquisition, sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note and the foreign 
currency received upon a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note. 
Foreign tax credit 
Stated interest income on a Note generally will constitute foreign source income, i.e. income from sources outside 
the United States, and generally will be considered passive category income in computing the foreign tax credit 
allowable to U.S. holders under U.S. federal income tax laws. Any non-U.S. withholding taxes withheld at the rate 
applicable to the relevant U.S. holder may be eligible for foreign tax credits (or deduction in lieu of such credits) 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, subject to applicable limitations. There are significant complex limitations 
on a U.S. holder’s ability to claim foreign tax credits. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
credibility or deductibility of any withholding taxes in their particular circumstances.  
Any foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will constitute ordinary income or loss and be treated, for 
foreign tax credit purposes, as U.S. source income or loss, and generally not as an adjustment to interest income 
expense. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may 
be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a 
deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. holder in exchange for new notes issued by the new obligor. As a result of 
this deemed disposition, a U.S. holder could be required to recognise capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price of the new (as determined for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes), and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in the Notes. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisers 
concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Information reporting and U.S. backup withholding 
In general, information reporting requirements will apply to payments of interest on the Notes and to the proceeds 
of the sale or other disposition (including a retirement or redemption) of a Note paid to a U.S. holder unless such 
U.S. holder is an exempt recipient, and, when required, provides evidence of such exemption.  
U.S. backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. holder fails to timely provide a taxpayer 
identification number or a certification that it is not subject to backup withholding, or otherwise fails to comply 
with, or establish an exemption from, the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. Certain 
U.S. holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisers as to their 
qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining an exemption. 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may 
be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability by filing the appropriate 
claim for a refund with the IRS and provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
Tax return disclosure requirements 
The Treasury Regulations that require the reporting to the IRS of certain tax shelter transactions cover certain 
transactions generally not regarded as tax shelters, including certain foreign currency transactions giving rise to 
losses in excess of a certain minimum amount, such as the receipt or accrual of interest on or a sale, exchange,

--- Page 276 ---
267 
 
retirement, redemption or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency note or foreign currency received in 
respect of a foreign currency note. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors to determine the tax return 
disclosure obligations, if any, with respect to an investment in the Notes, including any requirement to file IRS 
Form 8886 (Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement). 
Information with respect to foreign financial assets 
Certain U.S. holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in excess of certain 
thresholds generally are required to file an information report IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign 
Financial Assets) with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The Notes generally will constitute specified 
foreign financial assets subject to these reporting requirements, unless the Notes are held in certain accounts 
maintained by certain (e.g. U.S.) financial institutions. 
U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the foregoing disclosure 
requirements to their ownership of the Notes, including the significant penalties for non-compliance.

--- Page 277 ---
268 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Notes are not permitted to be acquired or held by employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of the 
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) and subject to Title I of ERISA, 
including collective investment funds, separate accounts or accounts whose underlying assets are treated as assets 
of such plans pursuant to the US Department of Labor (“DOL”) “plan assets” regulation, 29 CFR Section 2510.3-
101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (collectively, “ERISA Plans”), plans or other arrangements not 
subject to ERISA but subject to Section 4975 of the Code, including individual retirement accounts and Keogh 
Plans (collectively, “4975 Plans”), or by entities whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of an 
investment in the entity by ERISA Plans or 4975 Plans or otherwise (collectively, “Plan Asset Entities”). ERISA 
Plans, 4975 Plans and Plan Asset Entities are collectively referred to as “Benefit Plan Investors”. Subject to certain 
restrictions described below, Notes are permitted to be acquired and held by governmental plans, non-electing 
church plans and other arrangements that are not subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and are not Benefit 
Plan Investors (collectively, “Non-ERISA Plans”). 
ERISA imposes fiduciary standards and certain other requirements on ERISA Plans and on those persons who are 
fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code also prohibit certain 
transactions involving the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor and certain persons (referred to as “parties in interest” 
or “disqualified persons” under ERISA or the Code) having certain relationships to such Benefit Plan Investors, 
unless a statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified 
person who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and 
liabilities under ERISA and the Code. A fiduciary of a Benefit Plan Investor that engages in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction may also be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. Non-ERISA 
Plans are subject to applicable state, local or federal law, as well as the restrictions of duties of common law, and 
may also be subject to fiduciary or prohibited transaction provisions that operate similarly to those under ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Under the regulations issued by the DOL, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Regulations), 
unless certain exceptions apply, if a Benefit Plan Investor invests in an “equity interest” of an entity, that is neither 
a “publicly offered security” nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the Investment 
Company Act, the Benefit Plan Investor’s assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each 
of the entity’s underlying assets, unless it is established that the entity is not an “operating company” or that equity 
participation in the entity by Benefit Plan Investors is not “significant”. Equity participation is considered 
“significant” and therefore the “look through” rule will apply, where Benefit Plan Investors own 25 per cent. or 
more of the total value of any class of equity interest in the entity. For purposes of this 25 per cent. determination, 
the value of equity interests held by persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) that have discretionary authority 
or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provide investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with 
respect to such assets (or any affiliate of such person) is disregarded. An equity interest does not include debt (as 
determined by applicable local law), which does not have substantial equity features. 
If the underlying assets of an entity are deemed to be plan assets, those with discretionary authority or control over 
the entity would be fiduciaries with respect to the entity’s assets. The assets of the entity would also be subject to 
the fiduciary and prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as well as other rules 
applicable to plan assets. 
The Issuer believes that the Notes should be treated as debt rather than equity for purposes of the Plan Assets 
Regulations. The DOL, however, may take a contrary view or may view the Notes as having substantial equity 
features. Further, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will be able to monitor the Noteholders’ status as Benefit Plan 
Investors. Accordingly, the Notes are not permitted to be acquired or held by any Benefit Plan Investor. 
Non-ERISA Plans are permitted to acquire and hold the Notes, subject to certain restrictions described below. 
Each Non-ERISA Plan acquiring and holding the Notes will be deemed to have represented and warranted that it 
is not a Benefit Plan Investor, that the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes do not and will not violate 
any statute, regulation, administrative decision, policy or other legal authority applicable to the Non-ERISA Plan 
and the purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein do not and will not result in the assets 
of the Issuer being considered plan assets of such Non-ERISA Plan. Non-ERISA Plans are generally not subject 
to ERISA nor do the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code apply to these types 
of plans. However, governmental plans (as described in Section 3(32) of ERISA), are subject to prohibitions on 
related-party transactions under Section 503 of the Code, which prohibitions operate similarly to the prohibited 
transaction rules under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, and other Non-ERISA Plans may be subject to similar

--- Page 278 ---
269 
 
 
prohibitions. Accordingly, the fiduciary of a Non-ERISA Plan must consider applicable state or local laws, if any, 
imposed upon such plan before purchasing and holding a Note or any interest therein. 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE PURCHASER 
AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE 
PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL 
NOT BE (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED APPLIES OR (C) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE BY 
REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY BY A PERSON DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) ABOVE 
OR OTHERWISE, (2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(32) OF 
ERISA, OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS NOT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES 
OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN DO NOT AND WILL NOT VIOLATE ANY STATUTE, REGULATION, 
ADMINISTRATIVE DECISION, POLICY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL AUTHORITY APPLICABLE TO 
SUCH GOVERNMENTAL PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS NOT SUBJECT 
TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN DO NOT AND WILL NOT RESULT IN 
THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OF THE NOTES BEING CONSIDERED PLAN ASSETS OF SUCH 
GOVERNMENTAL PLAN OR OTHER PLAN NOT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE, AND (3) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY NOTE OR 
INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS FROM THAT PERSON. 
The foregoing is not intended to be exhaustive and the law governing investments by Benefit Plan Investors and 
Non-ERISA Plans is subject to extensive administrative and judicial interpretations. The foregoing discussion 
should not be construed as legal advice. The sale of any Notes to any Non-ERISA Plan is in no respect a 
representation by the Issuer or any of its affiliates that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements 
with respect to investments by Non-ERISA Plans generally or any particular Non-ERISA Plan, or that such an 
investment is appropriate for Non-ERISA Plans generally or any particular Non-ERISA Plan. Any potential 
purchaser or holder of Notes should consult counsel with respect to issues arising under ERISA, the Code and 
other applicable laws and make their own independent decisions.

--- Page 279 ---
270 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Because of the following restrictions, you are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale or 
other transfer offered hereby. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Rule 144A Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
If it is a U.S. Person, it (a) is a QIB that is also a QP, (b) is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis less than $25 million in securities of unaffiliated issuers, (c) is not a participant-
directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan, (d) is acquiring such Notes for its own account, or for the 
account of one or more QIBs each of which is also a QP, (e) was not formed for the purpose of investing 
in the Notes or the Issuer, and (f) is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that 
the seller of such Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A. 
(2) 
It will, (a) along with each account for which it is purchasing, hold and transfer beneficial interests in the 
Rule 144A Notes in a principal amount that is not less than $200,000 and (b) provide notice of these transfer 
restrictions to any subsequent transferees. In addition, it understands that the Issuer may receive a list of 
participants holding positions in the Issuer’s securities from one or more book-entry depositories. 
(3) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to 
a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB that is also a QP purchasing 
for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs/QPs or (b) to a non-U.S. Person in an offshore 
transaction within the meaning of, and in accordance with, Regulation S, in each case in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State or another jurisdiction of the United States. 
(4) 
It understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Rule 144A Notes that is a 
U.S. Person and is not a QIB that is also a QP to sell its interest in the Rule l44A Notes, or may sell such 
interest on behalf of such owner. The Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in 
the Rule 144A Notes to a U.S. Person that is not a QIB and a QP. 
(5) 
It understands and acknowledges that its purchase and holding of such Notes or any interest therein 
constitutes a representation and agreement by it that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period 
in which it holds such Notes or any interest therein (a) it is not (and for so long as it holds such Note or 
interest therein will not be), and is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds such Note or interest 
therein will not be acting on behalf of) a Benefit Plan Investor (as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA) and 
(b) it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Note or interest therein to any person unless these same 
foregoing representations and warranties apply to that person. Any purported purchase or transfer of Notes 
or interest therein that does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio. 
(6) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Global Note and any Rule 144A Definitive Notes issued in respect 
thereof, unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in accordance with applicable law, will 
bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE AND THE LOAN IN RESPECT THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES, AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 144A”) TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON 
ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE l44A (A “QIB”) THAT IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
(“QP”) WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 2(a)(51) OF THE US INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT 
OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE “INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT”) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS EACH OF WHICH IS ALSO A QP 
WHOM THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE 
OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, AND IN AN AMOUNT FOR EACH ACCOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN $200,000 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES OR (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERSON WHO

--- Page 280 ---
271 
 
IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (“REGULATION S”) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION 
S, AND, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT 
HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER FROM IT OF THE NOTES IN RESPECT 
HEREOF OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. TRANSFER IN VIOLATION 
OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND 
WILL 
NOT 
OPERATE 
TO 
TRANSFER 
ANY 
RIGHTS 
TO 
THE 
TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OF THIS 
NOTE, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO 
THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF 
THIS NOTE. 
IF THE BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF IS A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S, SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A QIB THAT IS 
ALSO A QP; (2) IT IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A 
DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN $25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS; 
(3) IT IS NOT A PARTICIPANT-DIRECTED EMPLOYEE PLAN, SUCH AS A 401(k) PLAN; (4) IT IS 
HOLDING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE 
QIBS, EACH OF WHICH IS ALSO A QP; (5) IT WAS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
INVESTING IN THE ISSUER OR THIS NOTE; (6) IT, AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS 
PURCHASING, WILL HOLD AND TRANSFER AT LEAST $200,000 IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
THE NOTE AT ANY TIME; (7) IT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF 
PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-
ENTRY DEPOSITARIES AND (8) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE FOREGOING TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ITS SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREES. 
THE BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME WHILE 
IT HOLDS AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IT IS A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S THAT IS NOT A QIB AND A QP, THE ISSUER MAY (A) COMPEL IT TO SELL 
ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON WHO IS (I) A U.S. PERSON WHO IS A QIB AND 
ALSO A QP THAT IS, IN EACH CASE, OTHERWISE QUALIFIED TO PURCHASE THIS NOTE IN 
A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) NOT 
A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S OR (B) COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL 
OWNER TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE 
ISSUER OR TRANSFER ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON DESIGNATED BY OR 
ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE 
PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF. THE ISSUER HAS THE 
RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A 
U.S. PERSON WHO IS NOT A QIB AND A QP. THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND 
AGREED AND THAT FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN (1) 
IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN WILL NOT 
BE), AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS SUCH NOTE OR 
INTEREST THEREIN WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF), A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR (AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT 
OF 1974, AS AMENDED) AND (2) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY NOTE 
OR 
INTEREST 
THEREIN 
TO 
ANY 
PERSON 
UNLESS 
THE 
SAME 
FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS APPLY TO THAT PERSON. ANY 
PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN THAT DOES NOT COMPLY 
WITH THESE REQUIREMENTS SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS NOTE THAT IS A 
U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT 
SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A QIB AND A QP. 
(1) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the above acknowledgements, representations and agreements and 
agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by 
it by its purchase of Rule 144A Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer, Alfa Bank

--- Page 281 ---
272 
 
and the Dealers. If it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it 
represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power 
to make the above acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each account. 
(2) 
It understands that Rule l44A Notes of a Series will be evidenced by one of more Rule 144A Global Notes. 
Before any interest in a Rule l44A Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a 
person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, it will be required to 
provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Regulation S Notes outside the United States and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in 
resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus 
and the Regulation S Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Regulation S Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Regulation S 
Notes and (a) it is not a U.S. Person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer, Alfa Bank or a person acting on behalf of such an 
affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that the Regulation S Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Notes except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on 
its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP purchasing for its own account or for the account 
of a QIB that is also a QP or (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States. 
(3) 
It understands that Regulation S Notes of a Series will be evidenced by a Regulation S Global Note. Before 
any interest in a Regulation S Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a 
person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, it will be required to 
provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(4) 
It understands and acknowledges that its purchase and holding of such Notes and any interest therein 
constitutes a representation and agreement by it that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period 
it holds such Notes or any interest therein (a) it is not and is not acting on behalf of a benefit plan investor 
(as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA) and (b) it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Note or interest 
therein to any person without first obtaining these same foregoing representations and warranties from that 
person. 
(5) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, Alfa Bank, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the above acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agree 
that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer, Alfa Bank, and the Dealers. If 
it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has 
sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the above 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each account. 
(6) 
It understands that the Regulation S Global Note and any Definitive Notes issued in respect thereof, unless 
otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE AND THE LOAN IN RESPECT THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES, AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

--- Page 282 ---
273 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Final Terms dated [●]1 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Series] [Title of Loan Participation Notes] 
by Alfa Bond Issuance plc 
for the purpose of financing a Loan to Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
under a U.S.$5,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 29 December 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]2. Full information on the Issuer and Alfa Bank and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at 
website] [and] [during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
(i) Issuer: 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc 
(ii) 
Borrower: 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
2 
[(i)]Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)]Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Notes become fungible.)] 
[●] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes admitted to 
trading: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
                        
1 
In the case of a Subordinated Series, the ‘issue terms’ of the notes will be included in the relevant 
Series Prospectus in substantially the same form as these final terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
such ‘issue terms’ will not constitute Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
2  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 283 ---
274 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] plus higher integral multiples of [●] 
thereafter3 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 (iii) Trade Date 
[●] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
9 
Notes Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[LIBOR] [LIBID] [LIMEAN] [EURIBOR]] 
+/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraphs 15 and 16 below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
11 
[(i)] 
Status and Form of the Notes: 
Senior, Registered 
[(ii)] 
Status of the Loan: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
[(iii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance [and 
borrowing of the Loan] obtained from the 
Issuer and Borrower, respectively]: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] N.B. Only relevant 
where Board (or similar) authorization is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
12 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
13 
Financial Centres (Condition 7): 
[●] 
14 
Currency Exchange Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE UNDER THE NOTES 
15 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
                        
3 Section 6: The issue of Notes with a maturity of less than one year by the Issuer, where the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted in the United Kingdom, will be subject to S19 FSMA unless their denomination is £100,000 or more (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and they are only issued to “professionals” within Article 9(2) of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act (Regulated Activities) Order 2001:  
 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S19 FSMA and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland requires that Notes with a maturity of less than one year have a minimum denomination 
of €300,000, or the foreign currency equivalent and that the other requirements of Notice BSD C 01/02 dated 
12 November 2002 (as amended) issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (including an investment grade rating 
requirement) are satisfied.

--- Page 284 ---
275 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually] in arrear 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●]/[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of “Business Day”]/not adjusted] commencing 
on [●] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA) [Actual/Actual - 
ICMA][ Day count fraction should be 
Actual/Actual-ICMA for all fixed rate issues 
other than those denominated in U.S. dollars] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5): 
[●] in each year. [Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon]4 
16 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[●] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day/Convention] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[●]  
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
                        
4 
Only to be completed for an issue where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA

--- Page 285 ---
276 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
See paragraph 7 under Part B 
(ix) 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR][LIBID] [LIMEAN][EURIBOR] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
See paragraph 7 under Part B 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA) [Actual/Actual - 
ICMA] 
(xv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[●] 
17 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in a part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per Note of [●] specified denomination] 
20 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable if the Loan should become repayable 
under the Loan Agreement prior to the Maturity 
Date: 
[●] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
21 
(i)If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii)Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
22 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
23 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category]

--- Page 286 ---
277 
[Not] Rule 144A 3(c)(7) Eligible 
GENERAL 
 
24 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
issued has been translated into U.S. dollars at the 
rate of [●], producing a sum of (for the Notes not 
denominated in U.S. dollars): 
[Not Applicable/U.S.$[●]] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of the Notes 
described herein pursuant to the U.S.$5,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes of 
Alfa Bank.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and Alfa Bank accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been 
extracted from [●]]. [Each of the Issuer and Alfa Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED by a duly authorised attorney of  
ALFA BOND ISSUANCE PLC 
By: 
Name:  
Title: 
For and on behalf of 
JOINT STOCK COMPANY “ALFA-BANK” 
By: 
Name:  
Title:

--- Page 287 ---
278 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING 
 
(i)Listing: 
[Ireland/None] 
(ii)Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and 
trading on its regulated market with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes to be issued have 
been rated: 
[Moody’s: [●]] [S & P: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[●] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[●] is not established in the EEA 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended.] [[●] is not established 
in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Note 
is endorsed by [●] which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended.] [[●] is not established 
in the EEA.] 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the EEA before 7 June 2010 which 
has submitted an application for registration in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration has not been refused, or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation. The ESMA is obliged to

--- Page 288 ---
279 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk, a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is 
not incorporated by reference into, nor does it 
form part of, this Base Prospectus. This list must 
be updated within five working days of ESMA’s 
adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the 
CRA Regulation. Therefore such a list is not 
conclusive evidence if the status of the relevant 
rating agency as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against 
a relevant rating agency and the publication of 
the updated ESMA list. (The above disclosure 
should reflect the rating allocated to the Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:  
 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]5 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
The proceeds from the offering of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for the sole purpose of financing 
the Loan. The proceeds of the Loan, expected to be [●] before taking into account commissions and 
expenses, will be used by Alfa Bank for general corporate purposes. Total commissions and expenses 
relating to the offering of the Notes are expected to be approximately [●]. 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield] 
6 
INFORMATION 
 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
ISIN Code (Regulation S Notes): 
[●] 
[●] 
                        
5 
If there are material interests, but they are not discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, insert the section name where they are discussed 
instead. If there are no material interests, delete the whole of paragraph 4.

--- Page 289 ---
280 
Common Code (Regulation S Notes): 
[●] 
[ISIN Code (144A Notes): 
[●] 
Common Code (144A Notes): 
[●] 
CUSIP Code[●]] 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream  
Banking societe anonyme [and DTC] and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s 
[and addresses])] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
7 
[THE LOAN 
 
Terms of the Loan 
 
(i) 
Loan: 
[Insert currency and amount of Loan] 
(ii) 
Date of Drawdown: 
[Insert Closing Date] 
(iii) 
Repayment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Facility Fee: 
[●] 
Interest 
 
The Loan is a [Fixed Rate][Floating Rate] Loan. Interest shall be calculated as set out below: 
Fixed Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually] in arrear] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of “Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
(iv) 
Fixed Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in principal amount 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment 
Date(s) to which they relate]

--- Page 290 ---
281 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA) [Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
(Day count fraction should be Actual/Actual-
ICMA for all fixed rate loans other than those 
denominated in U.S. dollars, unless specified) 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year. [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last interest 
period]** 
Floating Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s) (Clause 4.9): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination (sub-Clause 
4.3.3): 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date]] 
– 
Primary Source for Floating 
Rate: 
[Specify relevant screen page and rate or 
“Reference Banks”] 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is “Reference Banks”): 
[Specify four] 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark - specify if not London] 
– 
Benchmark: 
[LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, EURIBOR] 
– 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a

--- Page 291 ---
282 
specified notional amount] 
– 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
– 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination (Clause 
4.3): 
[●] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[●] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA) [Actual/Actual - ICMA] 
(xiv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[●]

--- Page 292 ---
283 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Alfa Bank and the Issuer have obtained or will obtain all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Russia and Ireland in connection with any Loan and the issue and performance of the corresponding 
Series of Notes. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by board of directors of the Issuer on 
15 April 2013 and the update of the Programme was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
22 October 2021. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by Alfa Bank on 13 March 2013. 
2. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market by the Issuer 
through the listing agent, Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to 
the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is 
acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself 
seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
3. 
No consents, approvals, authorisations or orders of any regulatory authorities are required by the Issuer 
under the laws of Ireland for the issue and performance of the corresponding Series of Notes. 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Alfa Bank or ABH Financial since 
31 December 2020 save as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks related to the Alfa Banking Group’s business 
and industry—The outbreak of Covid-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Alfa Banking Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”. There has been no significant change 
in the financial performance of Alfa Bank or ABH Financial since 30 June 2021.  
5. 
Neither Alfa Bank nor ABH Financial is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date of this Base Prospectus, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Alfa Bank or ABH Financial, nor, so far as 
either Alfa Bank or ABH Financial is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
6. 
The Issuer is not, and has not been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may 
have had, in the twelve months before the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability, nor, so far as the Issuer is aware, are any such proceedings pending or 
threatened. 
7. 
As set out on pages 124 to 131 of this Base Prospectus, certain of Alfa Bank’s directors and executive 
officers also serve as directors or officers, or hold shareholdings, in other companies. Save as disclosed in 
the section “Management – Conflicts of Interest”, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any 
duties of the members of the management or supervisory bodies of Alfa Bank towards the Issuer, Alfa Bank 
and/or ABH Financial and their private interests and/or other duties.  
8. 
For so long as any Series of Notes is outstanding, copies of the audited annual financial statements of each 
of Alfa Bank and ABH Financial for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 may be obtained free of 
charge in physical form at the specified offices of the Trustee and the registered office of the Issuer during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted). 
9. 
For so long as any Series of Notes is listed on Euronext Dublin, copies of the following documents will be 
available for inspection in physical form at the specified offices of the Trustee and the registered office of 
the Issuer during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted): 
 
the charter of Alfa Bank and the Constitution of the Issuer; 
 
the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes (including the forms of the Global Notes and definitive 
Notes); 
 
the Agency Agreement; 
 
the Facility Agreement and any executed Subordinated Loan Agreement (in relation to any 
Subordinated Series); 
 
each Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in the case of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in 
the case of a Subordinated Series) for Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange (save that Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in the case of a Senior Series) or Series

--- Page 293 ---
284 
Prospectus only (in the case of a Subordinated Series) relating to a Note which is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, Alfa Bank and the Principal Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity); 
 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus. 
For so long as any Series of Notes is listed on Euronext Dublin, the following documents in electronic form will 
be available from the date hereof on https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24532/documents website:  
 
the Constitution of the Issuer; 
 
the Trust Deed;  
 
the Agency Agreement; 
 
the Final Terms; 
 
the Series Prospectus; and 
 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus. 
For so long as any Series of Notes is listed on Euronext Dublin, the Charter of Alfa Bank will be available in 
electronic form from the date hereof on https://alfabank.com/corporate-profile/governance/statutory-documents/ 
website.  
10. 
Neither Alfa Bank nor ABH Financial prepares financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
11. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in the case of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in the 
case of a Subordinated Series). 
12. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Alfa Bank and ABH Financial is in compliance with applicable 
Russian law corporate governance and, respectively, Cypriot law corporate governance requirements in all 
material respects. 
13. 
None of Alfa Bank, ABH Financial or the Issuer intends to provide any post-issuance transaction 
information regarding any Series of Notes or Loan. 
14. 
The contents of any website referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form any part of this Base Prospectus. 
15. 
This Base Prospectus refers to certain sovereign ratings as well as certain ratings assigned to Alfa Bank by 
Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch. Moody’s and Fitch are not established in the EEA and are not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended pursuant to Regulation 
513/2011/EU of the European Parliament and the Council of 11 May 2011 (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, as set out in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”), https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk, pursuant to the CRA Regulation. 
16. 
LEI of Alfa Bank is 253400QWEQNERA6RJS29 and LEI of the Issuer is 54930015QM0G7XTNYR27. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) disclosed in this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned 
to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or Series Prospectus only (in respect of a 
Subordinated Series). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will 
be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered (or which has applied for registration 
and not been refused) under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established

--- Page 294 ---
285 
in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Series Prospectus (in respect of a Senior Series) or 
Series Prospectus only (in respect of a Subordinated Series). 
Credit ratings assigned to the Notes do not necessarily mean that they are a suitable investment. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating organisation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the EEA before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an 
application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused, or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. The ESMA is obliged to 
maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is not incorporated 
by reference into, nor does it form part of, this Base Prospectus. This list must be updated within five working 
days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA 
Regulation. Therefore such a list is not conclusive evidence if the status of the relevant rating agency as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 295 ---
F-1 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Interim Financial Statements of the ABH Financial Limited as at and for the six months ended 
30 June 2021  ......................................................................................................................................................  F-2 
IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements of the ABH Financial Limited as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 ............................................................................................................................................  F-34 
Consolidated RAR Financial Statements of Alfa Bank for the year ended 31 December 2020 .....................  F-146 
Consolidated RAR Financial Statements of Alfa Bank for the year ended 31 December 2019 ...................... F-159

--- Page 296 ---
ABH FINANCIAL LIMITED
International Financial Reporting Standards 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial 
Information (Unaudited) 
30 June 2021 
F-2

--- Page 297 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Financial Position .................................................................... 1 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income ................... 2 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Changes in Equity ................................................................... 3 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Cash Flows .............................................................................. 4 
 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information 
 
1 
Introduction ............................................................................................................................................ 5 
2 
Operating Environment of the Group ..................................................................................................... 5 
3 
Significant Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 6 
4 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies ................................. 7 
5 
Adoption of New or Revised Standards and Interpretations and New Accounting Pronouncements ... 7 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers ....................................................................................................... 8 
7 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables ......................................................................................... 15 
8 
Customer Accounts ............................................................................................................................. 16 
9 
Debt Securities Issued ......................................................................................................................... 16 
10 
Subordinated Debt ............................................................................................................................... 18 
11 
Share Capital ....................................................................................................................................... 18 
12 
Perpetual Instruments .......................................................................................................................... 19 
13 
Net Margin ........................................................................................................................................... 20 
14 
Gains Less Losses Arising from Foreign Currencies .......................................................................... 21 
15 
Segment Analysis ................................................................................................................................ 21 
16 
Financial Risk Management ................................................................................................................ 24 
17 
Contingencies and Commitments ........................................................................................................ 25 
18 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments ..................................................................................................... 26 
19 
Related Party Transactions ................................................................................................................. 27 
20 
Subsequent Events .............................................................................................................................. 29 
 
F-3

--- Page 298 ---
AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
White Square Office Center, 10 Butyrsky Val Moscow, Russian Federation, 125047 
T: +7 (495) 967 6000, F:+7 (495) 967 6001, www.pwc.ru
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial 
Information 
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of ABH Financial Limited: 
Introduction 
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position of 
ABH Financial Limited and its subsidiaries (together – the “Group”) as at 30 June 2021 and the related 
condensed consolidated interim statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in 
equity and cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and the related explanatory notes. 
Management is responsible for the preparation and presentation of this condensed consolidated interim 
financial information in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial 
Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this condensed consolidated interim financial 
information based on our review. 
Scope of Review 
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, 
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of 
condensed consolidated interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons 
responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A 
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards 
on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all 
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. 
Conclusion 
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying 
condensed consolidated interim financial information is not prepared, in all material respects, in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”. 
17 August 2021 
Moscow, Russian Federation 
N.A. Mileshkina, certified auditor (licence No. 01-000197), AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
Audited entity: ABH Financial Limited 
The Republic of Cyprus registration number №284510 from 4 April 2011 
under Companies Act, Cap.113 
The Company is registered at Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 2nd 
floor, CY-1066, Nicosia, Cyprus 
Independent auditor: AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Registered by the Government Agency Moscow Registration Chamber 
on 28 February 1992 under Nо. 008.890 
Record made in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities on 
22 August 2002 under State Registration Number 1027700148431 
Taxpayer Identification Number 7705051102 
Member of Self-regulatory organization of auditors Association 
«Sodruzhestvo» 
Principal Registration Number of the Record in the Register of Auditors 
and Audit Organizations – 12006020338 
F-4

--- Page 299 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Financial Position (Unaudited) 
The notes set out on pages 5 to 29 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information. 
1 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
ASSETS 
Cash and cash equivalents 
6 409 
6 594 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks  
494 
436 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
1 118 
1 753 
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss 
500 
41 
Due from other banks 
5 362 
4 076 
Loans and advances to customers 
6 
45 740 
41 258 
Investments 
7 
4 637 
5 273 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments 
7 
425 
398 
Derivative financial instruments 
553 
552 
Other financial assets 
332 
257 
Other assets  
328 
353 
Premises and equipment and right-of-use assets 
869 
859 
TOTAL ASSETS 
66 767 
61 850 
LIABILITIES 
Due to other banks 
2 982 
2 826 
Customer accounts 
8 
47 294 
43 708 
Debt securities issued 
9 
3 366 
3 664 
Loan from the SDIA 
494 
452 
Subordinated debt 
10 
1 124 
807 
Derivative financial instruments 
547 
657 
Other financial liabilities 
569 
410 
Other liabilities 
532 
366 
Deferred tax liability 
293 
289 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
57 201 
53 179 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
11 
1 265 
1 265 
Perpetual instruments 
12 
903 
918 
Fair value reserve for investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
4 
5 
Revaluation reserve for premises 
50 
51 
Cumulative translation reserve 
(1 850) 
(1 888) 
Retained earnings 
9 154 
8 282 
Net assets attributable to the Company's owners 
9 526 
8 633 
Non-controlling interests 
40 
38 
TOTAL EQUITY 
9 566 
8 671 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
66 767 
61 850 
This condensed consolidated interim financial information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors of 
ABH Financial Limited on 17 August 2021 and any further changes require approval of this body.
F-5

--- Page 300 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 
(Unaudited) 
The notes set out on pages 5 to 29 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information. 
2 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 2021 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 2020 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
13 
1 776 
1 793 
Other similar income  
13 
148 
136 
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest method 
13 
(707) 
(770) 
Other similar expense 
(3) 
(4) 
Deposit insurance expense 
(56) 
(48) 
Net margin 
13 
1 158 
1 107 
Credit loss allowance charge 
6 
(52) 
(511) 
Net margin after credit loss allowance 
1 106 
596 
Fee and commission income 
1 029 
731 
Fee and commission expense 
(256) 
(234) 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities  
17 
19 
Gains less losses arising from interest-based derivatives 
3 
31 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies 
14 
70 
193 
Gains less losses arising from investments 
(1) 
- 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts 
(2) 
2 
Gains less losses from investment properties 
4 
2 
Other provisions 
(18) 
(15) 
Other operating income 
10 
6 
Operating expenses 
(750) 
(586) 
Profit before tax  
1 212 
745 
Income tax expense 
(307) 
(153) 
Profit for the period 
905 
592 
Other comprehensive income: 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income: 
- Fair value gains less losses during the period
(1) 
2 
- Reclassification adjustments for losses included in profit or loss
- 
(2) 
Effect of translation of the financial statements of foreign
operations 
191 
(1 015) 
Net change in hedge of net investment in foreign operations 
(191) 
860 
Income tax on items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
38 
(172) 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period 
37 
(327) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
942 
265 
Profit attributable to: 
The Company's owners 
906 
592 
Non-controlling interests 
(1) 
- 
Profit for the period 
905 
592 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
The Company's owners 
943 
265 
Non-controlling interests 
(1) 
- 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
942 
265 
F-6

--- Page 301 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
The notes set out on pages 5 to 29 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information. 
3 
In millions of US Dollars 
Attributable to the Company's owners 
Non-
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
Share capital 
(Note 11) 
Perpetual 
instruments 
(Note 12) 
Fair value reserve 
for investments at 
FVOCI 
Revaluation 
reserve for 
premises 
Cumulative 
translation 
reserve 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Balance as at 1 January 2020 
1 265 
966 
5 
45 
(1 438) 
7 258 
8 101 
41 
8 142 
Profit for the period  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
592
592 
-
592
Other comprehensive loss for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(327) 
- 
(327)
-
(327)
Total comprehensive income for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(327)
592
265 
-
265
Repurchase of perpetual instruments 
- 
(48) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(48)
-
(48) 
Discretionary interest payments on 
perpetual instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(32) 
(32)
-
(32) 
Dividends (Note 11) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(80) 
(80)
-
(80) 
Balance as at 30 June 2020 
1 265 
918 
5 
45 
(1 765) 
7 738 
8 206 
41 
8 247 
Balance as at 1 January 2021 
1 265 
918 
5 
51 
(1 888) 
8 282 
8 633 
38 
8 671 
Profit for the period  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
906
906 
(1)
905
Other comprehensive income for the period 
- 
- 
(1) 
-
38
-
37
-
37
Total comprehensive income for the period 
- 
- 
(1) 
-
38
906 
943 
(1)
942
Repurchase of perpetual instruments 
- 
(15) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(15)
-
(15) 
Discretionary interest payments on 
perpetual instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(36) 
(36)
-
(36) 
Disposal/reclassification of premises 
- 
- 
- 
(1) 
- 
1 
-
-
- 
Changes of non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1 
1 
3
4 
Balance as at 30 June 2021 
1 265 
903 
4 
50 
(1 850) 
9 154 
9 526 
40 
9 566 
F-7

--- Page 302 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
The notes set out on pages 5 to 29 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information. 
4 
In millions of US Dollars 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 
2021 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 
2020 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Interest and other similar income received 
1 934 
1 870 
Interest paid, other than on debt securities issued, loan from the SDIA and 
subordinated debt 
(570) 
(609) 
Deposit insurance paid 
(53) 
(53) 
Fees and commissions received 
1 022 
741 
Fees and commissions paid 
(247) 
(241) 
Net income received from financial assets at FVTPL 
29 
33 
Net income received from trading in foreign currencies 
48 
165 
Net income received from interest-based derivatives 
10 
11 
Other operating income received 
10 
11 
Staff costs paid 
(459) 
(420) 
Other operating expenses paid 
(176) 
(126) 
Income tax paid 
(212) 
(239) 
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in operating assets 
and liabilities 
1 336 
1 143 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
Net change in mandatory cash balances with central banks 
(49) 
(38) 
Net change in financial assets at FVTPL and repurchase receivables 
173 
(329) 
Net change in due from other banks 
(1 252) 
(117) 
Net change in loans and advances to customers 
(4 062) 
(2 178) 
Net change in other financial assets and other assets 
(45) 
(37) 
Net change in due to other banks 
102 
(233) 
Net change in customer accounts 
3 053 
(583) 
Net change in other financial liabilities and other liabilities 
231 
119 
Net cash used in operating activities 
(513) 
(2 253) 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Acquisition of investments at FVOCI 
(5 479) 
(4 970) 
Proceeds from disposal and redemption of investments at FVOCI 
5 905 
7 843 
Acquisition of investments at AC 
(171) 
(456) 
Proceeds from redemption of investments at AC 
426 
326 
Acquisition of premises, equipment, intangible assets and investment properties 
(88) 
(124) 
Net cash from investing activities 
593 
2 619 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Proceeds from debt securities issued 
874 
840 
Repayment of debt securities issued 
(1 197) 
(805) 
Interest paid on debt securities issued 
(123) 
(131) 
Interest paid on loan from the SDIA 
(2) 
(2) 
Proceeds from subordinated debt 
350 
- 
Repayment of subordinated debt 
(36) 
(288) 
Interest paid on subordinated debt 
(23) 
(52) 
Repayment of perpetual instruments 
(15) 
(48) 
Interest paid on perpetual instruments 
(36) 
(32) 
Dividends 
- 
(80) 
Repayment of lease liabilities 
(21) 
(20) 
Contributions from holders of non-controlling interest 
3 
- 
Net cash used in financing activities 
(226) 
(618) 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  
(146) 
(252) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 
6 594 
6 450 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
(39) 
(343) 
Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the period 
6 409 
5 855 
F-8

--- Page 303 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
5 
1 
Introduction 
This condensed consolidated interim financial information has been prepared in accordance with International 
Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 for 
ABH Financial Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”).  
The Company is a limited liability company registered in the Republic of Cyprus. The Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of ABH Holdings S.A. (“ABHH”).  
ABHH is a Luxembourg company, owned by seven beneficiaries: Mr. Fridman, Mr. Khan, Mr. Kuzmichev, Mr. Aven, 
Mr. Kosogov, UniCredit S.p.A., and a non-profit organisation “The Mark Foundation for Cancer Research” (the 
“Beneficiaries”). None of the Beneficiaries individually or jointly controls or owns a 50% or more interest in ABHH. 
The Company is registered at Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 2nd floor, CY-1066, Nicosia, Cyprus. 
The Group comprises four main segments: corporate and investment banking, medium, small and micro banking, 
retail banking and treasury operations (Note 15). The corporate banking, medium, small and micro banking, retail 
banking and treasury operations of the Group are carried out principally by Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
(“Alfa-Bank”) and its subsidiaries. The investment banking activities of the Group are carried out mainly by Alfa 
Capital Markets Ltd (“ACM”) together with Alfa-Bank and certain other subsidiaries. A substantial part of the Group’s 
activities are carried out in the Russian Federation.  
As at 30 June 2021 the Group had 491 offices (including branches, regional branches and outlets), most of which 
were operated by Alfa-Bank (31 December 2020: 486 offices). 
Alfa-Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. It is registered in the Russian Federation to carry out 
banking and foreign exchange activities and has operated under a full banking license issued by the Central Bank 
of the Russian Federation (the “CBRF”) since 1991. Alfa-Bank operates in all banking sectors of the Russian 
financial markets, including interbank, corporate and retail loans and deposits, foreign exchange operations and 
debt and equity trading. A complete range of banking services is provided in Russian Roubles (“RR”) and foreign 
currencies to its customers. Alfa-Bank participates in the Russian State deposit insurance scheme. The State 
Deposit Insurance Agency (the “SDIA”) guarantees repayment of 100% of individual deposits up to RR 1.4 million 
per individual in case of the withdrawal of a license of a bank or the CBRF imposes moratorium on payments. In 
addition, Alfa-Bank holds licenses required for trading and holding securities and engaging in other securities-
related activities, including acting as a broker, a dealer, a custodian. Alfa-Bank’s registered office is located at 
27 Kalanchevskaya Street, Moscow 107078, Russia.  
Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V. (“ATB”) is a subsidiary of Alfa-Bank. ATB is registered at Strawinskylaan 1939, Tower 
I 1077XX, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Limited Liability Company Alfa Leasing (“Alfa Leasing”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Alfa-Bank. Alfa Leasing 
operates in the Russian Federation and provides finance and operating lease services to corporate and retail 
customers. Alfa Leasing is registered at 46 Bolshaya Pereyaslavskaya Street, Building 2, 4th floor, room I-15, 
Moscow, Russia. 
ACM is primarily involved in operations with debt and equity instruments, derivatives trading, including forex, and 
other services in relation to structured products and corporate finance. In addition, ACM provides safekeeping 
services as part of its ancillary services. ACM is an investment firm regulated by the Cyprus Securities and 
Exchange Commission. ACM is a member of London Stock Exchange and provides its clients with access to the 
global financial markets. ACM is registered at Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 1066, Nicosia, Cyprus. 
2 
Operating Environment of the Group 
The Group has a significant exposure to the economy and financial markets of the Russian Federation. The Russian 
Federation displays certain characteristics of an emerging market. Its economy is particularly sensitive to oil and 
gas prices. The legal, tax and regulatory frameworks continue to develop and are subject to frequent changes and 
varying interpretations. The Russian economy continues to be negatively impacted by ongoing political tension in 
the region and international sanctions against certain Russian companies and individuals. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic. In response 
to the pandemic, the Russian authorities implemented numerous measures attempting to contain the spreading 
and impact of COVID-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and limitations 
on business activity, including closures. Many of the above measures were subsequently relaxed. However, as of 
30 June 2021, the infection levels remain high, vaccination rate in Russia is low, and there is a risk that the Russian 
authorities would impose additional restrictions later in 2021. 
F-9

--- Page 304 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
6 
2 
Operating Environment of the Group (Continued) 
In the first half of 2021 the Russian economy started to recover from the pandemic, largely due to an increase in 
households spending and public investments. This was also supported by the global economic recovery and high 
prices on global commodity markets. However, the prices on certain markets in Russia and globally are also growing 
in response to the economic recovery, contributing to an increase in inflation in Russia. 
The long-term effects of the current economic environment are difficult to predict, and management’s current 
expectations and estimates could differ from actual results. 
3 
Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis of preparation. This condensed consolidated interim financial information has been prepared in accordance 
with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” and should be read in conjunction 
with the annual consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, which have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).  
The accounting policies and methods of computation applied in the preparation of this condensed consolidated 
interim financial information are consistent with those disclosed in the annual consolidated financial statements of 
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, except for income tax expense which is recognized in this 
condensed consolidated interim financial information based on management’s best estimates of the weighted 
average income tax rate expected for the full financial year. 
Changes in presentation. Where necessary, corresponding figures from the annual consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been adjusted to conform to the presentation of amounts 
in this condensed consolidated interim financial information: 
In millions of US Dollars 
As presented in the annual 
consolidated financial 
statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Reclassification 
As presented in the 
condensed consolidated 
interim financial 
information for the six-
month period ended 30 
June 2021 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position 
Assets: 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
552 
552 
Other financial assets 
809 
(552) 
257 
Liabilities: 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
657 
657 
Other financial liabilities 
1 067 
(657) 
410 
Assets and liabilities related to derivative financial instruments are separately disclosed because of absence in the 
condensed consolidated interim financial information of further disclosures relating to other financial assets and 
liabilities. 
Foreign currency translation. As at 30 June 2021 the principal rate of exchange used for translating foreign 
currency balances was USD 1 = RR 72.3723 (31 December 2020: USD 1 = RR 73.8757), the average exchange 
rate for six months ended 30 June 2021 was USD 1 = RR 74.2781 (for six months ended 30 June 2020: USD 1 = 
RR 72.1464). 
F-10

--- Page 305 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
7 
4 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies 
Estimates and judgements were reassessed and updated as compared to those made in the annual financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 to reflect the recent changes in the economic environment: 
ECL measurement. Measurement of ECLs is a significant estimate that involves determination of methodology, 
models and data inputs to those models. The following components have a major impact on credit loss allowance: 
definition of default, definition of significant  increase in credit risk (“SICR”), probability of default (“PD”), exposure 
at default (“EAD”), and loss given default (“LGD”), as well as assumptions used in models of macro-economic 
scenarios. The Group regularly reviews and validates the models and inputs to the models to reduce any differences 
between expected credit loss estimates and actual credit loss experience.  
In this condensed consolidated interim financial information, the Group has taken into account the evidence of the 
current macroeconomic conditions seen through to the end of July 2021 and as described in Note 2 (the events 
after the interim reporting date were taken into account if they provided evidence related to the conditions existing 
at the reporting date or could have been reasonably anticipated). 
In the first half of 2021, the Group reassessed macroeconomic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit 
losses, including oil and natural gas price dynamics, Russian stock market index MOEX dynamics and dynamics 
of the money supply (i.e. changes in volumes of currency in circulation, demand and saving deposits and liquid 
securities). The expected frequency of defaults in the corporate loan portfolio in the following 12 months following 
the valuation day shrunk in comparison with the level estimated as at 31 December 2020. 
Based on macroeconomic forecast and statistical default observations of the portfolio the Group reconsidered 
associated the macroeconomic impact on the PD of corporate borrowers. This update resulted in a USD 5 million 
release of ECL. 
5 
Adoption of New or Revised Standards and Interpretations and New Accounting Pronouncements 
New accounting standards and interpretations. The following amended standard became effective for the Group 
from 1 January 2021, but did not have any material impact on the Group: 
•
Interest rate benchmark (IBOR) reform – phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS
16 (issued in August 2020 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021).
Unless otherwise described below, the new standards and interpretations are not expected to affect significantly 
the Company’s financial statements: 
•
Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting policies (issued in February
2021 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023);
•
Amendments to IAS 8: Definition of Accounting Estimates (issued in February 2021 and effective for annual
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023);
•
Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions – Amendments to IFRS 16 (issued in March 2021 and effective for
annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021);
•
Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction – Amendments to IAS 12 (issued
in May 2021 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023).
F-11

--- Page 306 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
8 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers 
In millions of US Dollars
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Credit loss 
allowance 
Carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Credit loss 
allowance 
Carrying 
amount 
Corporate customers 
Corporate borrowers 
29 829 
(638)
29 191
28 989 
(768)
28 221
Finance lease receivables 
1 628 
(19)
1 609
1 391 
(19)
1 372
Reverse sale and repurchase 
receivables 
779 
-
779
590 
-
590
Advances on lease 
operations 
50 
- 
50 
38 
- 
38 
Total loans and advances 
to corporate customers 
32 286 
(657)
31 629
31 008 
(787)
30 221
Individuals 
Personal instalment loans 
(PILs) 
6 995 
(407)
6 588
5 793 
(401)
5 392
Mortgage loans  
4 584 
(21)
4 563
3 089 
(13)
3 076
Credit cards 
2 973 
(248)
2 725
2 651 
(251)
2 400
Reverse sale and repurchase 
receivables 
127 
-
127
80 
- 
80 
Consumer (POS) loans 
114 
(6)
108
93 
(4)
89
Total loans and advances 
to individuals 
14 793 
(682)
14 111
11 706 
(669)
11 037
Total loans and advances 
to customers 
47 079 
(1 339) 
45 740 
42 714 
(1 456) 
41 258 
F-12

--- Page 307 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
9 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Movements in the credit loss allowance for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
Total 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance lease 
receivables 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
(PILs) 
Mortgage 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Consu-
mer (POS) 
loans 
As at 1 January 2021 
768 
19 
401 
13 
251 
4 
1 456 
Credit loss allowance 
during the period 
(124) 
3 
143 
9 
81 
3 
115 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible  
(22) 
(3) 
(146)
(1)
(89)
(1)
(262) 
Unwinding of discount 
19 
- 
- 
-
- 
-
19
Effect of translation to 
functional currency 
(16) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(16) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
13 
- 
9 
-
5
-
27
As at 30 June 2021 
638 
19 
407 
21 
248 
6 
1 339 
Movements in the credit loss allowance for the six-month period ended 30 June 2020 were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
Total 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance lease 
receivables 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
(PILs) 
Mortgage 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Consumer 
(POS) 
loans 
As at 1 January 2020 
681 
16 
275 
10 
212 
3 
1 197 
Credit loss allowance 
during the period 
165 
6 
214 
4 
136 
1 
526 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible  
(82) 
- 
(73)
(4)
(61)
(1)
(221) 
Unwinding of discount 
9 
- 
- 
-
- 
-
9
Effect of translation to 
functional currency 
25 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
25
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
(49) 
(1) 
(19)
-
(14)
-
(83) 
As at 30 June 2020 
749 
21 
397 
10 
273 
3 
1 453 
The credit loss allowance for loan impairment during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 differs from the 
amount presented in the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income due to USD 63 million recovery of amounts previously written off as uncollectible including one-off recovery 
in the amount of USD 37 million (six-month period ended 30 June 2020: USD 15 million). This amount was credited 
directly to the credit loss allowance line in the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income. 
F-13

--- Page 308 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
10 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
The following tables disclose the changes in the credit loss allowance for the most substantial types of loans and 
advances to customers: corporate borrowers, credit cards and PILs between the beginning and the end of the 
reporting period and previous periods. 
Corporate borrowers. 
Credit loss allowance 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
(12-months) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime) 
Total 
ECL as at 1 January 2021 
77 
52 
639 
768 
Movements with impact on ECL charge: 
Transfers: 
- from Stage 1 and Stage 3 to Stage 2
(9) 
10 
(1) 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from Stage 2 to Stage 3)
- 
(11) 
11 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 to Stage 1)
13 
(13) 
- 
- 
New originated  
61 
9 
2 
72 
Derecognised 
(51)
(21)
(120)
(192)
Changes in credit risk and other movements 
(23) 
7
12 
(4)
Total movements with impact on ECL charge 
(9)
(19)
(96)
(124)
Movements without impact on ECL charge: 
Amounts written off as uncollectible 
- 
- 
(22) 
(22) 
Unwinding of discount 
- 
- 
19 
19 
Effect of translation to functional currency 
- 
(1) 
(15)
(16)
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
1 
1 
11 
13
ECL as at 30 June 2021 
69 
33 
536 
638 
Other movements include charge or release of credit loss allowance for loans transferred from other stages during 
the period, for new originated loans classified to the stage after the date of their initial recognition, and for loans 
classified to the stage at the beginning of the period. 
Credit loss allowance 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
(12-months) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime) 
Total 
ECL as at 1 January 2020 
103 
27 
551 
681 
Movements with impact on ECL charge: 
Transfers: 
- from Stage 1 and Stage 3 to Stage 2
(42) 
44 
(2) 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from Stage 2 to Stage 3)
- 
(16) 
16 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 to Stage 1)
6 
(6) 
- 
- 
New originated  
60 
11 
- 
71 
Derecognised 
(48)
(19)
- 
(67) 
Changes in credit risk and other movements 
(2) 
22
141 
161 
Total movements with impact on ECL charge 
(26) 
36 
155 
165 
Movements without impact on ECL charge: 
Amounts written off as uncollectible 
- 
- 
(82) 
(82) 
Unwinding of discount 
- 
- 
9 
9 
Effect of translation to functional currency 
1 
- 
24 
25 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
(4) 
1 
(46)
(49)
ECL as at 30 June 2020 
74 
64 
611 
749 
F-14

--- Page 309 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
11 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Personal instalment loans. 
Credit loss allowance 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
(12-months) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime) 
Total 
ECL as at 1 January 2021 
127 
40 
234 
401 
Movements with impact on ECL charge: 
Transfers: 
- from Stage 1 and Stage 3 to Stage 2
(18) 
19 
(1) 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from Stage 2 to Stage 3)
- 
(47) 
47 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 to Stage 1)
28 
(26) 
(2) 
- 
New originated  
36 
- 
- 
36 
Derecognised 
(36) 
(6) 
(32)
(74)
Changes in credit risk and other movements 
8 
58 
115 
181
Total movements with impact on ECL charge 
18 
(2)
127
143 
Movements without impact on ECL charge: 
Amounts written off as uncollectible 
- 
- 
(146) 
(146) 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
3 
1 
5 
9 
ECL as at 30 June 2021 
148 
39 
220 
407 
Credit loss allowance 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
(12-months) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime) 
Total 
ECL as at 1 January 2020 
80 
51 
144 
275 
Movements with impact on ECL charge: 
Transfers: 
- from Stage 1 and Stage 3 to Stage 2
(20) 
21 
(1) 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from Stage 2 to Stage 3)
-
(105)
105 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 to Stage 1)
31 
(31)
- 
- 
New originated  
20 
2 
- 
22 
Derecognised 
(33)
(17)
- 
(50) 
Changes in credit risk and other movements 
57 
139
46 
242 
Total movements with impact on ECL charge 
55 
9 
150 
214 
Movements without impact on ECL charge: 
Amounts written off as uncollectible 
- 
- 
(73) 
(73) 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
(2) 
- 
(17)
(19)
ECL as at 30 June 2020 
133 
60 
204 
397 
F-15

--- Page 310 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
12 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Credit cards. 
Credit loss allowance 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
(12-months) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime) 
Total 
ECL as at 1 January 2021 
62 
56 
133 
251 
Movements with impact on ECL charge: 
Transfers: 
- from Stage 1 to Stage 2
(24) 
24 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from Stage 2 to Stage 3)
- 
(49) 
49 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 to Stage 1)
44 
(44) 
- 
- 
New originated  
6 
- 
- 
6 
Derecognised 
(55)
(25)
(31)
(111)
Changes in credit risk and other movements 
34 
98
54 
186
Total movements with impact on ECL charge 
5 
4 
72 
81 
Movements without impact on ECL charge: 
Amounts written off as uncollectible 
- 
- 
(89) 
(89) 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
1 
1 
3 
5 
ECL as at 30 June 2021 
68 
61 
119 
248 
Credit loss allowance 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
(12-months) 
Stage 2 
(lifetime) 
Stage 3 
(lifetime) 
Total 
ECL as at 1 January 2020 
60 
54 
98 
212 
Movements with impact on ECL charge: 
Transfers: 
- from Stage 1 to Stage 2
(28) 
28 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from Stage 2 to Stage 3)
- 
(60) 
60 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from Stage 2 to Stage 1)
36 
(36) 
- 
- 
New originated  
4 
- 
- 
4 
Derecognised 
(46)
(29)
- 
(75) 
Changes in credit risk and other movements 
57 
120
30 
207 
Total movements with impact on ECL charge 
23 
23 
90 
136 
Movements without impact on ECL charge: 
Amounts written off as uncollectible 
- 
- 
(61) 
(61) 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
(1) 
- 
(13)
(14)
ECL as at 30 June 2020 
82 
77 
114 
273 
The credit loss allowance for loans and advances to customers recognised in the period is impacted by a variety of 
factors. The main movements in the table are described below: 
•
Transfers between Stage 1, 2 and 3 due to balances experiencing significant increases (or decreases) of
credit risk or becoming credit-impaired in the period, and the consequent “step up” (or “step down”) between
12-month and Lifetime ECL;
•
Additional allowances for new financial instruments recognised during the period, as well as releases for
financial instruments derecognised (repaid) in the period;
•
Impact on the measurement of ECL due to changes to model assumptions, including changes in PDs, EADs
and LGDs in the period, arising from update of inputs to ECL models;
F-16

--- Page 311 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
13 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
•
Unwinding of discount due to the passage of time because ECL is measured on a present value basis;
•
Foreign exchange translations of assets denominated in foreign currencies and other movements; and
•
Write-offs of allowances related to assets that were written off during the period.
Analysis by credit quality of loans to corporate customers outstanding as at 30 June 2021 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance lease 
receivables 
Reverse sale 
and 
repurchase 
receivables 
Advances on 
lease 
operations 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
26 165 
1 535 
173 
42 
27 915 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
- not past due
2 625 
67 
606 
7 
3 305 
- less than 30 days overdue
4 
- 
- 
- 
4 
- 30 to 90 days overdue
48 
18 
- 
- 
66 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL):
- not past due
157 
1 
- 
- 
158 
- less than 30 days overdue
1 
- 
- 
- 
1 
- 30 to 90 days overdue
- 
1 
- 
- 
1 
- over 90 days overdue
829 
6 
- 
1 
836 
Total gross loans and advances to 
corporate customers 
29 829 
1 628 
779 
50 
32 286 
Credit loss allowance 
(638) 
(19) 
- 
- 
(657) 
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers 
29 191 
1 609 
779 
50 
31 629 
Analysis by credit quality of loans to corporate customers outstanding as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance lease 
receivables 
Reverse sale 
and 
repurchase 
receivables 
Advances on 
lease 
operations 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
23 944 
1 311 
85 
20 
25 360 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
- not past due
3 917 
71 
505 
17 
4 510 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL):
- not past due
267 
1 
- 
- 
268 
- less than 30 days overdue
1 
- 
- 
- 
1 
- 30 to 90 days overdue
57 
- 
- 
- 
57 
- over 90 days overdue
803 
8 
- 
1 
812 
Total gross loans and advances 
to corporate customers 
28 989 
1 391 
590 
38 
31 008 
Credit loss allowance 
(768) 
(19) 
- 
- 
(787) 
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers 
28 221 
1 372 
590 
38 
30 221 
F-17

--- Page 312 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
14 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
During 2021 loans to individuals who applied for payment holidays and lower installment payments reduced from 
USD 590 million as at 31 December 2020 to USD 437 million as at 30 June 2021, majority of those are classified 
as Stage 1. The Group applied more conservative approach to ECL measurement resulted in higher ECL rates to 
these loans in comparison to standard loans.  
Analysis by credit quality of loans to individuals outstanding as at 30 June 2021 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Mortgage 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Consumer 
(POS) loans 
Reverse 
sale and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
6 351 
4 565 
2 523 
103 
126 
13 668 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
- not past due
208 
2 
264 
7 
1 
482 
- less than 30 days overdue
19 
-
22
- 
- 
41 
- 30 to 90 days overdue
25 
1 
28
1 
-
55
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL):
- not past due
167 
5 
2 
- 
- 
174 
- less than 30 days overdue
29 
- 
1 
- 
- 
30 
- 30 to 90 days overdue
21 
2 
5 
- 
- 
28 
- over 90 days overdue
175 
9 
128 
3 
-
315
Total gross loans and advances to 
individuals 
6 995 
4 584 
2 973 
114 
127 
14 793 
Credit loss allowance 
(407)
(21)
(248)
(6)
-
(682)
Total loans and advances to 
individuals 
6 588 
4 563 
2 725 
108 
127 
14 111 
Analysis by credit quality of loans to individuals outstanding as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Mortgage 
loans 
Credit cards 
Consumer 
(POS) loans 
Reverse 
sale and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
Stage 1 (12-months ECL): 
5 047 
3 071 
2 212 
88 
80 
10 498 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
- not past due
290 
5 
230 
2 
-
527
- less than 30 days overdue
13 
-
21
- 
- 
34
- 30 to 90 days overdue
28 
1 
32
1 
-
62
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL):
- not past due
180 
4 
2 
- 
- 
186 
- less than 30 days overdue
21 
1 
1 
- 
- 
23 
- 30 to 90 days overdue
20 
1 
5 
- 
- 
26 
- over 90 days overdue
194 
6 
148 
2 
-
350
Total gross loans and advances 
to individuals 
5 793 
3 089 
2 651 
93 
80 
11 706 
Credit loss allowance 
(401)
(13)
(251)
(4)
-
(669)
Total loans and advances to 
individuals 
5 392 
3 076 
2 400 
89 
80 
11 037 
F-18

--- Page 313 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
15 
6 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Economic sector risk concentrations within the loans and advances to customers were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
Individuals 
14 793 
31 
11 706 
27 
Oil industry 
5 831 
12 
5 563 
13 
Food industry and agriculture 
3 541 
8 
3 297 
8 
Real estate and construction 
3 078 
7 
2 726 
6 
Trade and commerce 
3 053 
7 
2 786 
7 
Ferrous metallurgy 
2 327 
5 
2 206 
5 
Finance and investment companies 
2 271 
5 
2 001 
5 
Railway transport 
2 056 
4 
2 050 
5 
Mass media and telecommunications 
1 955 
4 
1 722 
4 
Chemistry and petrochemistry 
1 798 
4 
1 975 
5 
Non-ferrous metallurgy 
1 000 
2 
1 152 
3 
Miscellaneous machinery and metal working 
960 
2 
620 
1 
Coal Industry 
873 
2 
608 
1 
Nuclear industry 
645 
1 
1 149 
3 
Aviation transport 
561 
1 
596 
1 
Timber industry 
522 
1 
424 
1 
Water transport 
479 
1 
508 
1 
Power generation 
220 
1 
397 
1 
Diamond extraction and processing 
69 
- 
217 
1 
Other 
1 047 
2 
1 011 
2 
Total gross loans and advances to customers 
47 079 
100 
42 714 
100 
As at 30 June 2021 aggregate loans and advances to the ten largest borrowers (or groups of related borrowers) 
amounted to USD 8 579 million (31 December 2020: USD 7 518 million) or 18% (31 December 2020: 18%) of the 
gross loans and advances to customers, while aggregate loans and advances to the twenty largest borrowers (or 
groups of related borrowers) amounted to USD 13 286 million (31 December 2020: USD 11 919 million) or 28% 
(31 December 2020: 28%) of the gross loans and advances to customers. 
The estimated fair value of loans and advances to customers is disclosed in Note 18. The information on related 
party balances is disclosed in Note 19. 
7 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Investments 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
2 938 
3 283 
Investments at AC 
1 702 
1 991 
Other investments 
- 
3 
Credit loss allowance for investments at AC 
(3) 
(4) 
Total investments 
4 637 
5 273 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments 
Investments at AC 
340 
310 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
85 
88 
Total repurchase receivables relating to investments 
425 
398 
Total investments and repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
5 062 
5 671 
Repurchase receivables represent securities sold under sale and repurchase agreements with other banks. The 
counterparty financial institutions have a right to resell or pledge these securities. 
The estimated fair value of investments at amortised cost and repurchase receivables relating to investments at 
amortised cost is disclosed in Note 18. 
F-19

--- Page 314 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
16 
8 
Customer Accounts 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Commercial organisations 
- Current/settlement accounts
12 848 
10 514 
- Term deposits
7 883 
7 837 
Individuals 
- Current/demand accounts
19 540 
17 707 
- Term deposits
3 288 
4 028 
State and public organisations 
- Current/settlement accounts
546 
411 
- Term deposits
3 189 
3 211 
Total customer accounts 
47 294 
43 708 
As at 30 June 2021 the ten largest aggregate customers (or groups of related customers) amounted to USD 5 398 
million (31 December 2020: USD 5 013 million) or 11% (31 December 2020: 11%) of the total customer accounts. 
The estimated fair value of customer accounts is disclosed in Note 18. The information on related party balances 
is disclosed in Note 19. 
9 
Debt Securities Issued 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Rouble denominated bonds 
1 886 
1 594 
Notes 
1 168 
1 766 
Promissory notes 
236 
229 
Euro Commercial Paper Notes 
50 
49 
US Dollars denominated bonds 
14 
14 
Euro denominated bonds 
12 
12 
Total debt securities issued 
3 366 
3 664 
Rouble denominated bonds. The details of Rouble denominated bonds outstanding as at 30 June 2021 are 
disclosed below:  
Issue date 
 
Maturity date 
 
Offer date 
 
Interest rate 
Effective 
interest rate 
in millions of US Dollars 
Amortised cost 
Repurchased 
amount 
8 June 2021 
10 December 2024 
- 
7.30% 
7.44% 
277 
- 
2 June 2021 
4 June 2024 
- 
7.15% 
7.29% 
208 
- 
19 February 2021 
22 February 2024 
- 
6.20% 
6.30% 
169 
- 
31 July 2018 
2 August 2021 
- 
7.90% 
8.06% 
143 
- 
6 March 2018 
9 September 2021 
9 September 2021 
7.35% 
7.49% 
141 
- 
30 October 2018 
1 November 2021 
- 
8.95% 
9.16% 
140 
- 
9 August 2019 
11 August 2022 
- 
7.90% 
8.07% 
114 
- 
27 October 2020 
30 October 2023 
- 
5.90% 
6.00% 
112 
- 
21 December 2020 
24 December 2023 
- 
5.95% 
6.05% 
111 
- 
8 October 2020 
29 December 2021 
- 
5.30% 
5.41% 
83 
- 
4 October 2016 
16 September 2031 
30 September 2021 
9.50% 
9.73% 
71 
- 
21 December 2018 
24 June 2022 
- 
9.20% 
9.42% 
69 
- 
23 January 2017 
5 January 2032 
18 January 2023 
6.50% 
6.62% 
48 
- 
2 October 2017 
13 October 2032 
11 October 2023 
5.90% 
6.02% 
48 
- 
2 December 2014 
13 November 2029 
25 May 2023 
6.85% 
6.97% 
43 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
5.30% 
5.37% 
31 
- 
16 April 2021 
18 April 2024 
- 
7.00% 
7.14% 
27 
- 
21 February 2018 
4 March 2033 
28 February 2024 
6.15% 
6.22% 
26 
- 
30 May 2017 
11 May 2032 
25 May 2023 
6.85% 
7.12% 
16 
- 
23 November 2017 
4 December 2032 
30 November 2023 
5.70% 
5.70% 
7 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
8.25% 
8.46% 
1 
- 
11 August 2016 
24 July 2031 
7 February 2022 
7.80% 
8.35% 
1 
- 
Total Rouble denominated bonds 
1 886 
- 
F-20

--- Page 315 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
17 
9 
Debt Securities Issued (Continued) 
The details of Rouble denominated bonds outstanding as at 31 December 2020 are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Offer date 
Interest rate 
Effective 
interest rate 
in millions of US Dollars 
Amortised cost 
Repurchased 
amount 
31 July 2018 
2 August 2021 
- 
7.90% 
8.06% 
141 
- 
21 February 2018 
4 March 2033 
26 February 2021 
7.35% 
7.50% 
139 
- 
6 March 2018 
17 March 2033 
9 September 2021 
7.35% 
7.49% 
138 
- 
12 April 2019 
13 April 2021 
- 
8.55% 
8.75% 
138 
- 
30 October 2018 
1 November 2021 
- 
8.95% 
9.16% 
137 
- 
3 June 2020 
4 June 2021 
- 
5.75% 
5.86% 
136 
- 
9 August 2019 
11 August 2022 
- 
7.90% 
8.07% 
112 
- 
27 October 2020 
30 October 2023 
- 
5.90% 
6.00% 
109 
- 
21 December 2020 
24 December 2023 
- 
5.95% 
6.05% 
108 
- 
8 October 2020 
29 December 2021 
- 
5.30% 
5.41% 
81 
- 
4 October 2016 
16 September 2031 
30 September 2021 
9.50% 
9.73% 
69 
- 
21 December 2018 
24 June 2022 
- 
9.20% 
9.42% 
68 
- 
23 January 2017 
5 January 2032 
18 January 2023 
6.50% 
6.62% 
47 
- 
2 October 2017 
13 October 2032 
11 October 2023 
5.90% 
6.02% 
47 
- 
2 December 2014 
13 November 2029 
27 May 2021 
7.35% 
7.48% 
43 
- 
30 May 2017 
11 May 2032 
27 May 2021 
5.80% 
5.92% 
43 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
5.30% 
5.37% 
30 
- 
23 November 2017 
4 December 2032 
30 November 2023 
5.70% 
5.80% 
6 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
8.25% 
8.46% 
1 
- 
11 August 2016 
24 July 2031 
7 February 2022 
7.80% 
8.35% 
1 
- 
Total Rouble denominated bonds 
1 594 
- 
Notes. The details of Notes outstanding as at 30 June 2021 are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
 
Maturity date 
 
Interest 
rate  
Effective 
interest 
rate  
Curren-
cy  
Nominal in 
millions of 
currency  
in millions of US Dollars 
Nominal 
Issue 
proceeds 
net of 
costs 
Amortised 
cost 
Repur-
chased 
amount 
11 June 2020 
11 June 2023 
2.70% 
2.78% 
EUR 
350 
397 
397 
391 
(25) 
30 January 2020 
30 January 2023 
6.75% 
6.90% 
RUR 
15 000 
240 
240 
210 
(3) 
9 November 2017 
9 November 2022 
2.88% 
2.99% 
CHF 
165 
165 
164 
182 
- 
20 July 2017 
20 July 2021 
8.90% 
9.16% 
RUR 
10 000 
169 
168 
144 
- 
16 February 2017 
16 February 2022 
9.25% 
9.49% 
RUR 
10 000 
176 
176 
128 
(15) 
6 February 2019 
6 August 2022 
9.35% 
9.68% 
RUR 
10 000 
153 
152 
113 
(30) 
Total Notes 
1 168 
(73) 
The details of Notes outstanding as at 31 December 2020 are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest 
rate 
Curren-
cy 
Nominal in 
millions of 
currency 
in millions of US Dollars 
Nominal 
Issue 
proceeds 
net of 
costs 
Amortised 
cost 
Repur-
chased 
amount 
28 April 2011  
28 April 2021  
7.75% 
7.94% 
USD 
1 000 
1 000 
997 
585 
(427) 
11 June 2020  
11 June 2023  
2.70% 
2.78% 
EUR 
350 
397 
397 
401 
(34) 
30 January 2020  
30 January 2025  
6.75% 
6.90% 
RUR 
15 000 
240 
240 
204 
(5) 
9 November 2017 
9 November 2022 
2.88% 
2.99% 
CHF 
165 
165 
164 
186 
- 
20 July 2017  
20 July 2021  
8.90% 
9.16% 
RUR 
10 000 
169 
168 
141 
- 
16 February 2017  
16 February 2022  
9.25% 
9.49% 
RUR 
10 000 
176 
176 
125 
(15) 
6 February 2019  
6 August 2022  
9.35% 
9.68% 
RUR 
10 000 
153 
152 
124 
(16) 
Total Notes 
1 766 
(497) 
F-21

--- Page 316 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
18 
9 
Debt Securities Issued (Continued) 
Promissory notes. Promissory notes comprise of securities in Russian Roubles, US Dollars and Euros issued by 
the Group with a discount to face value or with interest accrual. 
USD denominated Euro Commercial Paper Programme. On 2 February 2012 the Group established Euro 
Commercial Paper Programme (the “ECP Programme”) with a limit of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
notes issued under the ECP Programme of USD 1 400 million. On 11 August 2021 a limit of the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding notes issued under the ECP Programme was reduced to USD 400 million.  
The details of Euro Commercial Paper Notes outstanding are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Effective interest rate 
per annum 
Amortised cost in millions of US Dollars 
as at 30 June 2021 as at 31 December 2020 
24 July 2020 
23 July 2021 
2.75% 
50 
49 
Total Euro Commercial Paper Notes 
50 
49 
The estimated fair value of debt securities issued is disclosed in Note 18. 
10 
Subordinated Debt 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Subordinated notes maturing in 2025 
774 
807 
Subordinated notes maturing in 2026 
350 
- 
Total subordinated debt 
1 124 
807 
The details of subordinated debt outstanding as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 are disclosed below: 
Receive/ issue 
date 
Maturity/ offer 
date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest 
rate 
Curren-
cy 
Nominal 
in mil-
lions of 
currency 
Repurchased amount 
in millions of US 
Dollars 
30.06.2021 31.12.2020 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2025 
27 November 2019 15 April 2025 
5.95% 
5.86% 
USD 
450 
- 
- 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2025 
15 October 2019 
15 April 2025 
5.95% 
6.09% 
USD 
400 
87 
54 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2026 
26 April 2021 
26 December 2026 
5.50% 
5.63% 
USD 
350 
3 
- 
The estimated fair value of subordinated debt is disclosed in Note 18. 
11 
Share Capital 
As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 authorised, issued and fully paid share capital of ABH Financial Limited 
comprised 6 324 000 preference shares and 1 258 476 000 ordinary shares. All shares had a nominal value of 
USD 1 per share and rank equally except that the preference shares are entitled to distributions (1) in priority to 
ordinary shares and (2) on the basis of distributable profits determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
Each share carries one vote. 
In October 2020 the Company declared and paid dividends in kind on preference shares in the amount of USD 183 
million (approximately USD 28.98 per preference share). 
In March 2020 the Company declared and paid dividends on preference shares in the amount of USD 80 million 
(approximately USD 12.65 per preference share). 
F-22

--- Page 317 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
19 
12 
Perpetual Instruments 
In January 2019 the CBRF has registered Alfa-Bank programme for the issuance of local perpetual subordinated 
bonds. The size of a single issue may vary, while the total amount of outstanding obligations under the programme 
should not exceed RR 21 000 million or its equivalent as at 30 June 2021. The bonds can be offered to qualified 
investors only. Alfa-Bank may use this instrument depending on its capital needs and market situation. 
On 27 June 2019 the Group issued RR 5 000 million (equivalent of USD 80 million) Perpetual subordinated bonds 
with no stated maturity and a right to repay the bonds at its discretion quarterly starting from 19 September 2024. 
The issue proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 79 million. The bonds bear a fixed interest rate of 
11.75% p.a. payable quarterly starting from 26 September 2019. Interest payments may be cancelled by the Group 
any time and are not accumulated. If the Group does not execute its right to repay the bonds on 19 September 
2024 then the bonds will bear fixed interest rate of 4.46% p.a. plus zero-coupon yield curve variance for the Russian 
government bond market for the five years period and it will be refixed every 5 years thereafter. 
On 30 January 2018 the Group issued Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes in the amount of USD 500 
million with no stated maturity and a right to repay the notes at its discretion quarterly starting from 30 April 2023. 
The issue proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 499 million. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of 
6.95% p.a. payable quarterly starting from 30 April 2018. Interest payments may be cancelled by the Group any 
time. If the Group does not execute its right to repay the notes on 30 April 2023 then the interest rate is re-set at 
the relevant US Treasury Rate plus 4.572% p.a. and it will be refixed every 5 years thereafter. 
On 3 November 2016 the Group issued Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes in the amount of USD 400 
million. The issue proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 400 million. On 23 December 2016 the Group 
issued further Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes in the amount of USD 300 million. The issue proceeds 
net of transaction cost were equal to USD 301 million. These two Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes 
issues formed a single issue in the total nominal amount of USD 700 million. The notes have no stated maturity 
and the Group has a right to repay the notes at its discretion quarterly starting from 3 February 2022. The notes 
bear a fixed interest rate of 8.0% p.a. payable quarterly starting from 3 February 2017. Interest payments may be 
cancelled by the Group any time. If the Group does not execute its right to repay the notes on 3 February 2022 then 
the interest rate is re-set at the relevant US Treasury Rate plus 6.659% p.a. and it will be refixed every 5 years 
thereafter.  
Since the notes have no stated maturity and the Group has no contractual obligation to repay the principal and it 
can cancel any interest payment, the Group has classified the notes as an equity instrument. Interest payments 
made are treated as a distribution and recorded directly in equity at the date of distribution. 
F-23

--- Page 318 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
20 
13 
Net Margin 
In millions of US Dollars 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 2021 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 2020 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
Loans and advances to corporate customers 
839 
858 
Loans and advances to individuals 
755 
709 
Investments at AC and repurchase receivables 
64 
74 
Debt investments at FVOCI and repurchase receivables 
60 
89 
Due from other banks  
58 
63 
Total interest income calculated using the effective interest 
method 
1 776 
1 793 
Other similar income 
Finance lease receivables 
117 
110 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
31 
26 
Total other similar income 
148 
136 
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest method 
Term deposits of legal entities 
233 
235 
Current/settlement accounts 
194 
144 
Debt securities issued 
111 
125 
Due to other banks 
59 
57 
Term deposits of individuals 
50 
139 
Loan from the SDIA 
34 
31 
Subordinated debt 
26 
39 
Total interest expense calculated using the effective interest 
method 
707 
770 
Other similar expense 
3 
4 
Deposit insurance expense 
56 
48 
Net margin 
1 158 
1 107 
Deposit insurance expense includes regular contributions to the SDIA. 
Refer to Note 19 for details of related party transactions. 
F-24

--- Page 319 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
21 
14 
Gains Less Losses Arising from Foreign Currencies 
In millions of US Dollars 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 2021 
Six-Month Period 
Ended 30 June 2020 
Gains less losses arising from trading in foreign currencies 
345 
(503) 
Foreign exchange translation gains less losses 
(275) 
696 
Total gains less losses arising from foreign currencies 
70 
193 
Gains less losses arising from trading in foreign currencies include result from hedge of net investment in foreign 
operations. 
15 
Segment Analysis 
The Group’s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services: 
•
Corporate and investment banking - comprises corporate lending, leasing, corporate deposit services, trade
finance operations and structured corporate lending, securities trading, debt and equity capital markets
services, derivative products, corporate finance advisory services and merger and acquisition advice.
•
Medium, small and micro banking - comprises customer current accounts, savings, deposits, settlements,
cash services and providing loans to individual entrepreneurs, small and medium businesses.
•
Retail banking - comprises retail demand and term deposit services, credit and debit card services, retail
lending (including consumer (POS) loans and personal instalment loans, car loans and mortgages), money
transfers and private banking services.
•
Treasury - comprises the Group’s wholesale funding, internal funding reallocation, liquidity and risk
management activities.
These segments are managed separately because each of them requires formulating a different strategy and uses 
different operational platforms. The Group evaluates segment performance on the basis of profit or loss before tax. 
Segment performance is regularly reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). The CODM 
has been identified as the members of the Executive Board of Alfa-Bank. 
The accounting policies of the operating segments are materially the same as those described in the summary of 
significant accounting policies except for: (i) use of a transfer pricing system, (ii) different classification of certain 
lines of income and expenses including other comprehensive income items and (iii) some balances and operations 
are excluded from segment analysis since they are monitored separately and on a less regular basis (including 
situations when balance is not allocated and related income or expense are allocated for the segment analysis and 
vice versa). In accordance with the transfer pricing system used by the Group funds are generally reallocated at 
internal interest rates set by the Treasury Department of the Group, which are determined by reference to market 
interest rate benchmarks, contractual maturities for loans and observed actual maturities of customer accounts 
balances.  
F-25

--- Page 320 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
22 
15 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
Segment information for the reportable segments of the Group for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 is set 
out below: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
Six-Month Period Ended 30 June 2021 
External revenues 
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest method 
667 
233 
761 
100 
1 761 
Other similar income  
143 
- 
- 
- 
143 
Fee and commission income 
106 
366 
549 
4 
1 025 
Other operating income 
4 
3 
1 
- 
8 
Total external revenues 
920 
602 
1 311 
104 
2 937 
Interest income from other segments 
206 
252 
385 
1 511 
2 354 
Fee and commission income from other 
segments 
- 
- 
2 
4 
6 
Total segment revenues 
1 126 
854 
1 698 
1 619 
5 297 
Interest expense to other segments 
(564)
(130)
(394)
(1 288)
(2 376) 
Interest expense calculated using the 
effective interest method 
(165)
(96)
(231)
(269)
(761) 
Net credit loss allowance charge 
160 
(9)
(211)
1 
(59) 
Fee and commission expense 
(36)
(62)
(146)
(4) 
(248) 
Fee and commission expense to other 
segments 
(3) 
(3) 
- 
- 
(6) 
Gains less losses from investments 
23 
- 
- 
(6) 
17 
Gains less losses from foreign currencies 
53 
3 
42 
(32) 
66 
Other provisions 
(11) 
2 
(3) 
- 
(12) 
Operating expenses 
(67)
(123)
(188) 
(6) 
(384) 
Allocated operating expenses 
(51)
(81)
(158) 
(3) 
(293) 
Segment result 
465 
355 
409 
12 
1 241 
30 June 2021 
Segment assets 
34 037 
5 075 
14 276 
8 602 
61 990 
Segment liabilities 
11 714 
12 173 
21 380 
9 957 
55 224 
F-26

--- Page 321 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
23 
15 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
Segment information for the reportable segments of the Group for the six-month period ended 30 June 2020 is set 
out below:  
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Treasury 
Total 
Six-Month Period Ended 30 June 2020 
External revenues 
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest method 
722 
221 
691 
130 
1 764 
Other similar income  
136 
- 
- 
- 
136 
Fee and commission income 
99 
285 
351 
2 
737 
Other operating income 
3 
2 
1 
- 
6 
Total external revenues 
960 
508 
1 043 
132 
2 643 
Interest income from other segments 
217 
250 
408 
1 597 
2 472 
Fee and commission income from other 
segments 
- 
- 
- 
8 
8 
Total segment revenues 
1 177 
758 
1 451 
1 737 
5 123 
Interest expense to other segments 
(636)
(132)
(372)
(1 355)
(2 495) 
Interest expense calculated using the 
effective interest method 
(164)
(103)
(261)
(291)
(819) 
Net credit loss allowance charge 
(142)
(32)
(357) 
29 
(502) 
Fee and commission expense 
(36)
(40)
(145) 
(3) 
(224) 
Fee and commission expense to other 
segments 
(3) 
(3) 
(2) 
- 
(8) 
Gains less losses from investments 
32 
- 
- 
31 
63 
Gains less losses from foreign currencies 
58 
3 
34 
(59) 
36 
Other provisions 
(2) 
1 
(10) 
- 
(11) 
Operating expenses 
(58)
(98)
(144) 
(6) 
(306) 
Allocated operating expenses 
(43)
(68)
(134) 
(3) 
(248) 
Segment result 
183 
286 
60 
80 
609 
30 June 2020 
Segment assets 
30 272 
3 633 
9 580 
6 456 
49 941 
Segment liabilities 
10 023 
8 989 
17 606 
8 458 
45 076 
Difference between interest income from other segments and interest expense from other segments is attributable 
to activities not reviewed by the CODM. 
Segment assets and liabilities are reported to the CODM net of inter-segment assets and liabilities. 
F-27

--- Page 322 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
24 
15 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
A reconciliation of the profit for reportable segments to the Group‘s total profit before tax for the period is as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Six-Month 
Period Ended 
30 June 2021 
Six-Month 
Period Ended 
30 June 2020 
Segments' result 
1 241 
609 
Discretionary interest payments on perpetual instruments 
36 
32 
Subsidiary bank's loss/(profit) before tax 
1 
(1) 
Effect of translation of the financial statements of foreign operations and related hedge 
- 
155 
Other non-reportable items 
(26) 
(11) 
Interest expense on loan from the SDIA 
(34) 
(31) 
Other 
(6) 
(8) 
Profit before tax 
1 212 
745 
16 
Financial Risk Management 
The Group’s risk management policies and procedures are consistent with those disclosed in the annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Liquidity risk. The following table represents analysis of assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2021 by their expected 
maturities as determined by the Group. This analysis was prepared on the basis of contractual maturities except 
for adjustments in relation to (i) trading securities and (ii) part of customer accounts. The entire portfolio of trading 
securities was classified within “demand and less than 1 month” based on the Management’s assessment of the 
portfolio’s realisability. Part of current/settlement/demand accounts was reallocated from “demand and less than 
1 month” category to baskets with later maturities. On the basis of past experience Management believes that 
(i) diversification of these accounts by number and type of customers and (ii) constant inflow of new deposits
indicate that at least part of these current/demand/settlement accounts would provide a long-term and stable source
of funding for the Group.
In millions of US Dollars 
Demand and 
less than 
1 month 
From 1 to 
6 months 
From 6 to 
12 months 
More than 1 
year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
Total assets 
16 952 
8 632 
5 812 
34 319 
1 052 
66 767 
Total liabilities 
16 846 
5 845 
1 238 
32 979 
293 
57 201 
Net expected liquidity gap as at 
30 June 2021 
106 
2 787 
4 574 
1 340 
759 
9 566 
Cumulative expected liquidity 
gap as at 30 June 2021 
106 
 2 893 
7 467 
8 807 
9 566 
Total assets 
17 205 
8 645 
5 549 
29 411 
1 040 
61 850 
Total liabilities 
15 546 
5 365 
1 486 
30 493 
289 
53 179 
Net expected liquidity gap as at 
31 December 2020 
1 659 
3 280 
4 063 
(1 082) 
 751 
8 671 
Cumulative expected liquidity 
gap as at 31 December 2020 
1 659 
4 939 
9 002 
7 920 
8 671 
F-28

--- Page 323 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
25 
17 
Contingencies and Commitments 
Legal proceedings. From time to time and in the normal course of business, claims against the Group are received. 
On the basis of its own estimates and both internal and external professional advice, management is of the opinion 
that no material losses exceeding provision of USD 2 million (31 December 2020: USD 2 million) recorded in this 
condensed consolidated interim financial information as at 30 June 2021 will be incurred in respect of claims against 
the Group. In August 2021 the Group received a claim from the Prosecutor General’s Office of the Russian 
Federation requiring the Group to pay up to USD 104 million in relation to a settlement of the Group loans with one 
of the significant borrowers. Based on its understanding of the facts and review of the legislation the Group is going 
to vigorously defend its position and believes that no material losses will ultimately be incurred in respect of this 
claim. 
Credit related commitments and performance guarantees. The primary purpose of these instruments is to 
ensure that funds are available to a customer as required. Financial guarantees and standby letters of credit, which 
represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that a customer cannot meet its 
obligations to third parties, carry the same credit risk as loans. Documentary and commercial letters of credit, which 
are written undertakings by the Group on behalf of a customer authorising a third party to draw drafts on the Group 
up to a stipulated amount under specific terms and conditions, are collateralised by the underlying shipments of 
goods to which they relate or cash deposits and therefore carry less risk than a direct borrowing. 
In addition to credit related commitments, the Group issues performance guarantees. Performance guarantees are 
insurance contracts that provide compensation if another party fails to perform a contractual obligation. Such 
contracts transfer non-financial performance risk in addition to credit risk. The risk under performance guarantee 
contracts is the possibility that the insured event (i.e. the failure to perform the contractual obligation by another 
party) occurs. The key risks the Group faces are significant fluctuations in the frequency and severity of payments 
incurred on such contracts relative to expectations. The Group uses historical data and statistical techniques to 
predict levels of such payments. Claims must be made before the contract matures and most claims are settled 
within short term. This allows the Group to achieve a high degree of certainty about the estimated payments and 
therefore future cash flows. The Group manages such risks by constantly monitoring the level of payments for such 
products and has the ability to adjust its fees in the future to reflect any change in claim payments experience. The 
Group has a claim payment requests handling process which includes the right to review the claim and reject 
fraudulent or non-compliant requests. 
Outstanding credit related commitments and performance guarantees were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Unused credit cards limits 
7 707 
6 940 
Import letters of credit 
885 
855 
Unused corporate overdraft facilities 
773 
672 
Financial guarantees 
298 
246 
Export letters of credit 
42 
11 
Total credit related commitments 
9 705 
8 724 
Performance guarantees 
4 327 
2 619 
Total credit related commitments and performance guarantees 
14 032 
11 343 
Credit loss allowance 
(49) 
(40) 
As at 30 June 2021 the Group had USD 15 529 million (31 December 2020: USD 14 333 million) revocable 
commitments on credit lines. As at 30 June 2021 the Group had USD 8 943 million (31 December 2020: USD 7 
118 million) commitments to provide financial and performance guarantees. 
The total outstanding contractual amount of credit related commitments and performance guarantees does not 
necessarily represent future cash requirements, as these instruments may expire or terminate without being funded. 
The fair value of credit related commitments and performance guarantees was USD 49 million as at 30 June 2021 
(31 December 2020: USD 40 million).  
F-29

--- Page 324 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
26 
17 
Contingencies and Commitments (Continued) 
Compliance with covenants. In accordance with agreements for attracting financing the Group should comply 
with financial and non-financial covenants. The most significant covenants are: 
•
to comply with the ratios and requirements of the CBRF;
•
to maintain a minimum ratio of capital to risk-weighted assets calculated in accordance with Basel;
•
to maintain a minimum level of net assets; and
•
to ensure that all related party transactions are on an arm’s length basis.
The Group was in compliance with these covenants during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 and during 
2020. 
18 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Fair value measurements are analysed by level in the fair value hierarchy as follows: (1) level one are 
measurements at quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, (2) level two 
measurements are valuations techniques with all material inputs observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices), and (3) level three measurements are valuations not 
based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs). Management applies judgement in categorising 
financial instruments using the fair value hierarchy. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require 
significant adjustment, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. The significance of a valuation input is 
assessed against the fair value measurement in its entirety.  
Recurring fair value measurements 
For assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the levels in the fair value hierarchy, which the fair values are attributed 
to, were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Assets at fair value 
Financial assets 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
- Trading securities
333 
473 
-
1 363
132 
- 
- Repurchase receivables relating
to trading securities
334 
166 
- 
41 
- 
- 
- Other financial instruments
mandatorily measured at FVTPL
34 
-
278
62 
-
196
Investments 
- Debt investments at FVOCI
2 938 
- 
- 
3 283 
- 
- 
- Repurchase receivables relating
to investments at FVOCI
85 
- 
- 
88 
- 
- 
Derivative financial instruments 
-
553
- 
- 
552 
- 
Other financial assets  
- Receivables on operation with
securities and derivatives
-
165
- 
- 
127 
- 
Non-financial assets 
- Premises
- 
- 
404 
- 
- 
476 
- Investment properties
- 
- 
35 
- 
- 
37 
Total assets recurring fair value 
measurements 
3 724 
1 357 
717 
4 837 
811 
709 
Liabilities at fair value 
Financial liabilities 
Derivative financial instruments 
-
547
- 
- 
657 
- 
Other financial liabilities 
- Payables on operations with
securities
-
109
- 
- 
16 
- 
Total liabilities recurring fair 
value measurements 
-
656
- 
- 
673 
- 
F-30

--- Page 325 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
27 
18 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 
Methods and assumptions for valuation of financial assets included in Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair 
valuation hierarchy 
Level 2. The fair value of financial derivatives allocated to Level 2 was determined based on the discounted cash 
flows (DCF) models with all significant inputs observable in the market (LIBOR, EURIBOR, Mosprime, the CBRF 
rates for foreign currencies). The fair value of securities with insignificant trading volumes was based on quotes 
provided by reputable brokerage houses. 
Level 3. Equity investments at FVOCI allocated to Level 3 represent investments in funds and have been valued 
using the fair value of net assets reported to the Group. The fair value of financial instruments mandatorily measured 
at FVTPL was based on the discounted cash flows (DCF) models and credit value adjustment which reflects the 
probability of default of counterparty and debit value adjustment which reflects the possibility of the Group’s default. 
Assets and liabilities not measured at fair value but for which fair value is disclosed 
As at 30 June 2021 the fair value of each class of financial assets and liabilities carried at AC approximated their 
carrying value. 
Cash and cash equivalents are carried at AC which approximates current fair value. 
Loans and receivables carried at AC. The fair value of floating rate instruments is normally their carrying amount. 
The estimated fair value of fixed interest rate instruments is based on estimated future cash flows expected to be 
received discounted at current interest rates for new similar instruments with similar credit risk and remaining 
maturity.  
Investments at AC. The fair value of investments at AC has been determined by reference to published price 
quotations. 
Due to banks and customer accounts carried at AC. The estimated fair value of fixed interest rate instruments 
with stated maturity, for which a quoted market price is not available, was estimated based on expected cash flows 
discounted at current interest rates for new instruments with similar credit risk and remaining maturity. Discount 
rates used were consistent with the credit risk of the individual entities depending on currency and maturity of the 
instrument. 
Debt securities issued. The fair value of traded securities has been determined by reference to published price 
quotations. The fair value of the rest of the debt was estimated on the basis of discounted cash flows using interest 
rates for similar instruments. 
Subordinated debt. The fair value of traded subordinated debt has been determined by reference to published 
price quotations. The fair value of the rest of the debt was estimated on the basis of discounted cash flows using 
interest rates for similar instruments. 
19 
Related Party Transactions 
For the purposes of this condensed consolidated interim financial information, parties are generally considered to 
be related if one party has the ability to control the other party, is under common control, or can exercise significant 
influence over the other party in making financial or operational decisions as defined by IAS 24 “Related Party 
Disclosures”. In considering each possible related party relationship, attention is directed to the substance of the 
relationship, not merely the legal form. 
Banking transactions are entered into in the normal course of business with related parties. These transactions 
include settlements, loans, deposit taking, guarantees, trade finance, corporate finance, foreign currency exchange 
and other transactions.  
In the tables below amounts related to the caption “other related parties” are represented by associates and joint 
ventures of the Group. 
F-31

--- Page 326 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
28 
19 
Related Party Transactions (Continued) 
The outstanding balances as at 30 June 2021 with related parties were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 
The 
Beneficiaries 
ABHH 
Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
management 
Other related 
parties 
Assets 
Correspondent accounts with other 
banks 
- 
- 
8 
- 
- 
Loans and advances to customers 
(before сredit loss allowance) 
50 
- 
- 
2 
- 
Receivables 
- 
- 
40 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
- 
- 
19 
- 
- 
Customer accounts 
- Current/settlement accounts
40 
230 
62 
32 
1 
- Term deposits
19 
- 
105 
1 
- 
Payables
- 
- 
1 
67 
- 
Credit related commitments 
Guarantees issued  
- 
- 
10 
- 
- 
For six-month period ended 30 June 2021 income and expense items and other transactions with related parties 
were as follows:  
In millions of US Dollars 
Six-month period ended 30 June 2021 
The 
Beneficiaries 
ABHH 
Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
management 
Other related 
parties 
Interest income 
2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interest expense  
- 
- 
(5) 
- 
- 
Fee and commission income 
- 
- 
201 
- 
- 
Fee and commission eхрense 
- 
- 
(1) 
- 
- 
Other expenses  
- 
- 
(2) 
(36) 
(4) 
The outstanding balances as at 31 December 2020 with related parties were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
31 December 2020 
The 
Beneficiaries 
ABHH 
Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
management 
Other related 
parties 
Assets 
Correspondent accounts with other 
banks 
- 
- 
2 
- 
- 
Loans and advances to customers 
(before сredit loss allowance) 
50 
- 
- 
4 
- 
Receivables 
- 
- 
40 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
- 
- 
12 
- 
- 
Customer accounts 
- Current/settlement accounts
39 
236 
21 
18 
1 
- Term deposits
28 
- 
173 
2 
- 
Payables
- 
- 
4 
66 
- 
For six-month period ended 30 June 2020 income and expense items and other transactions with related parties 
were as follows:  
In millions of US Dollars
Six-month period ended 30 June 2020 
The 
Beneficiaries 
ABHH 
Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
management 
Other related 
parties 
Interest income 
2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interest expense  
(1) 
- 
(4) 
- 
- 
Fee and commission income 
- 
- 
63 
- 
- 
Fee and commission eхрense 
- 
- 
(4) 
- 
- 
Gains less losses arising from trading 
in foreign currencies 
- 
- 
7 
- 
- 
Other expenses  
- 
- 
- 
(14) 
(3) 
F-32

--- Page 327 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information – 30 June 2021 (Unaudited) 
29 
19 
Related Party Transactions (Continued) 
Key management of the Group represents members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board of Alfa-
Bank and the Board of Directors of the Company. Key management compensation is presented below: 
In millions of US Dollars 
30 June 2021 31 December 2020 
Key management compensation accrued as at the reporting date 
67 
66 
- short-term bonuses
6 
14 
- long-term bonuses
61 
52 
In millions of US Dollars 
Six-Month 
Period Ended 30 
June 2021 
Six-Month 
Period Ended 30 
June 2020 
Key management compensation expense for the period 
36 
14 
- salaries
5 
4 
- short-term bonuses
6 
6 
- long-term bonuses
25 
4 
The long-term bonuses are settled within three years period following date of granting. 
20 
Subsequent Events 
In August 2021 the Group issued RR 10 000 million (equivalent of USD 137 million) Rouble denominated eurobonds 
with maturity in August 2025 and coupon rate of 7.85% p.a. 
F-33

--- Page 328 ---
ABH FINANCIAL LIMITED 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
Consolidated Financial Statements and  
Independent Auditor’s Report 
31 December 2020 
F-34

--- Page 329 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
CONTENTS 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ................................................................................................... 1 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income ................................................. 2 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................................................................................. 3 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................................................................................ 4 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
1 
Introduction .............................................................................................................................................. 5 
2 
Operating Environment of the Group ...................................................................................................... 5 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ........................................................................................... 6 
4 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies ................................. 20 
5 
Adoption of New or Revised Standards and Interpretations ................................................................. 22 
6 
New Accounting Pronouncements ........................................................................................................ 23 
7 
Cash and Cash Equivalents .................................................................................................................. 26 
8 
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss and Repurchase Receivables ........................... 27 
9 
Due from Other Banks ........................................................................................................................... 28 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers ...................................................................................................... 30 
11 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables ........................................................................................... 45 
12 
Other Financial Assets .......................................................................................................................... 48 
13 
Other Assets .......................................................................................................................................... 49 
14 
Premises and Equipment and Right-of-use Assets .............................................................................. 50 
15 
Due to Other Banks ............................................................................................................................... 51 
16 
Customer Accounts ............................................................................................................................... 52 
17 
Debt Securities Issued .......................................................................................................................... 53 
18 
Loan from the SDIA ............................................................................................................................... 55 
19 
Subordinated Debt ................................................................................................................................ 55 
20 
Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities ................................................................ 56 
21 
Other Financial Liabilities ...................................................................................................................... 57 
22 
Other Liabilities ...................................................................................................................................... 57 
23 
Share Capital ......................................................................................................................................... 57 
24 
Perpetual Instruments ........................................................................................................................... 58 
25 
Net Margin ............................................................................................................................................. 58 
26 
Fee and Commission Income and Expense ......................................................................................... 59 
27 
Gains Less Losses Arising from Foreign Currencies ............................................................................ 60 
28 
Operating Expenses .............................................................................................................................. 60 
29 
Income Taxes ........................................................................................................................................ 61 
30 
Segment Analysis .................................................................................................................................. 64 
31 
Financial Risk Management .................................................................................................................. 69 
32 
Management of Capital ......................................................................................................................... 88 
33 
Contingencies and Commitments ......................................................................................................... 89 
34 
Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ............................................................................. 92 
35 
Transfers of Financial Assets ................................................................................................................ 94 
36 
Interests in Structured Entities .............................................................................................................. 94 
37 
Derivative Financial Instruments ........................................................................................................... 94 
38 
Fair Value Disclosures .......................................................................................................................... 97 
39 
Related Party Transactions .................................................................................................................102 
F-35

--- Page 330 ---
AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
White Square Office Center 10 Butyrsky Val Moscow, Russian Federation, 125047 
T: +7 (495) 967 6000, F:+7 (495) 967 6001, www.pwc.ru 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of ABH Financial Limited: 
Our opinion 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the 
consolidated financial position of ABH Financial Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together 
– the “Group”) as at 31 December 2020, and the Group’s consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS).
What we have audited 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements comprise: 
•
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;
•
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then
ended;
•
the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
•
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
•
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
and other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.  
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.  
Independence 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements of the Auditor’s 
Professional Ethics Code and Auditor’s Independence Rules that are relevant to our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements in the Russian Federation. We have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code.  
F-36

--- Page 331 ---
2 
Our audit approach 
Overview 
Overall Group materiality: USD 60 million, which represents approximately 
5% of average profit before tax for the past three years. 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to 
enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting 
processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
Credit loss allowance for loans and advances to customers. 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we considered where 
management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates 
that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all 
of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among 
other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material 
misstatement due to fraud. 
Materiality 
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain 
reasonable assurance whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material 
misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if 
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial statements. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, 
including the overall Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out 
in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope 
of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of 
misstatements, if any, both individually and in aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole. 
Overall Group materiality 
USD 60 million. 
How we determined it 
Approximately 5% of average profit before tax of the past three 
years. 
Rationale for the 
materiality benchmark 
applied 
We chose average profit before tax of the past three years to 
mitigate the volatile nature of profit before tax in recent years. We 
chose 5%, which, in our experience, is within the range of 
acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds commonly used for 
this benchmark for public interest entities. 
Materiality 
Group 
scoping 
Key audit 
matters 
F-37

--- Page 332 ---
3 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Credit loss allowance for loans and advances 
to customers 
We focused on this matter due to the 
significance of loans and advances to 
customers balance and in particular the 
significance of management judgements and 
estimates required for calculation of the related 
credit loss allowance. 
Individual assessment of expected credit loss 
(ECL) is based on models which use expected 
future cash flows related to individual balances 
under different scenarios. 
Collective assessment of ECL, which is used 
for all loans not individually assessed, is based 
on models, which use internally developed risk 
metrics. The output from the models is then 
applied to the loan balances.  
The design of and inputs to the models are 
subject to significant management judgement. 
Note 10 “Loans and Advances to Customers” 
and Note 31 “Financial Risk Management” to 
the consolidated financial statements provide 
detailed information on the credit loss 
allowance for loans and advances to 
customers. 
Also Note 4 “Critical Accounting Estimates and 
Judgments in Applying Accounting Policies” to 
the consolidated financial statements outlines 
information on the impact on the credit loss 
allowance from the current macroeconomic 
conditions.  
In relation to the ECL policies and models 
including changes made during 2020 (including 
the impact of COVID-19) we assessed the 
appropriateness of the key assumptions used and 
their compliance with the requirements of IFRS 9.  
We assessed and tested (on a sample basis) the 
design and operating effectiveness of the controls 
over identification of the overdue loans and the 
data transfer from source systems to ECL models. 
We performed various analytical procedures and 
backtesting over ECL allowance for loans and 
advances to customers to ensure the 
reasonableness of the application of the policies 
and models to prior period assessments. 
We analysed (on a sample basis) the significant 
loans and advances to legal entities, which had 
not been identified by management as impaired 
and formed our own judgement as to whether that 
was appropriate. This is done to gain comfort over 
the accuracy of allocation of loans to the different 
“stages”. 
We tested (on a sample basis) impaired loans and 
advances to legal entities with individual 
assessment of ECL allowance. We assessed the 
appropriateness of the scenarios used and their 
likelihood, examined the estimated future cash 
flows used by management, challenged the 
assumptions, including valuation of collateral and 
timing of cash flows, compared management 
estimates to available external evidence and re-
performed discounted cash flows calculations. 
We assessed the ECL models for loans and 
advances to legal entities and checked the 
accuracy of the ECL allowance resulting from the 
models. 
F-38

--- Page 333 ---
4 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
We assessed the application of forward-looking 
information to the models for loans and advances 
to legal entities and concluded on its 
appropriateness. For major segments of loans 
and advances to legal entities we tested 
probability of default (PD) and recalculated loss 
given default (LGD). 
We analysed the calculation of ECL allowance for 
loans and advances to individuals, and checked 
the logic and main assumptions used in the 
models applied by the management.  
The system of allocation of loans into the three 
“stages” defined by IFRS 9 is essential for the 
measurement of ECL and setting aside ECL 
allowances. Hence, we assessed the policies 
applied by the Group in this area and tested their 
application. We also checked the completeness 
and accuracy of the credit risk disclosures 
required by IFRS. 
How we tailored our Group audit scope 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the 
Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. 
We performed a full scope audit of JSC “ALFA-BANK” (Russian subsidiary of the Company, 
representing more than 90% of the Group’s total assets, revenue and net profit). In addition, we 
performed other limited audit procedures on the remaining components of the Group. 
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the 
consolidated financial statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is 
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting 
process. 
F-39

--- Page 334 ---
5 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is 
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
•
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
•
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by management.
•
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group
audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.  
F-40

--- Page 335 ---
6 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters 
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication. 
The certified auditor responsible for the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Natalia 
Mileshkina. 
18 February 2021 
Moscow, Russian Federation 
N.A. Mileshkina, certified auditor (licence No. 01-000197), AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
Audited entity: ABH Financial Limited 
The Republic of Cyprus registration number №284510 from 4 April 
2011 under Companies Act, Cap.113 
The Company is registered at Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 
2nd floor, CY-1066, Nicosia, Cyprus 
Independent auditor: AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Registered by the Government Agency Moscow Registration Chamber 
on 28 February 1992 under Nо. 008.890 
Record made in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities on 
22 August 2002 under State Registration Number 1027700148431 
Taxpayer Identification Number 7705051102 
Member of Self-regulatory organization of auditors Association 
«Sodruzhestvo» 
Principal Registration Number of the Record in the Register of Auditors 
and Audit Organizations – 12006020338  
F-41

--- Page 336 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
The notes set out on pages 5 to 104 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
1 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
ASSETS 
Cash and cash equivalents 
7 
6 594 
6 450 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks  
436 
422 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
8 
 1 753 
1 120 
Repurchase receivables relating to financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss 
8 
41 
3 
Due from other banks 
9 
 4 076 
3 542 
Loans and advances to customers 
10 
 41 258 
38 643 
Investments 
11 
 5 273 
7 171 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments 
11 
398 
132 
Other financial assets 
12 
809 
724 
Other assets  
13 
353 
443 
Premises and equipment and right-of-use assets 
14 
859 
816 
TOTAL ASSETS 
61 850 
59 466 
LIABILITIES 
Due to other banks 
15 
 2 826 
2 448 
Customer accounts 
16 
 43 708 
41 422 
Debt securities issued 
17 
 3 664 
3 876 
Loan from the SDIA 
18 
452 
470 
Subordinated debt 
19 
807 
1 566 
Other financial liabilities 
21 
 1 067 
1 126 
Other liabilities 
22 
366 
358 
Deferred tax liability 
29 
289 
58 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
53 179 
51 324 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
23 
1 265 
1 265 
Perpetual instruments 
24 
 918 
966 
Fair value reserve for investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
5 
5 
Revaluation reserve for premises 
51 
45 
Cumulative translation reserve 
(1 888) 
(1 438) 
Retained earnings 
8 282 
7 258 
Net assets attributable to the Company's owners 
8 633 
8 101 
Non-controlling interests 
38 
41 
TOTAL EQUITY 
8 671 
8 142 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
61 850 
59 466 
These consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors of ABH Financial 
Limited on 18 February 2021 and any further changes require approval of this body. 
F-42

--- Page 337 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 
The notes set out on pages 5 to 104 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
2 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
2020 
2019 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest 
method 
25 
 3 424 
3 695 
Other similar income  
267 
273 
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest 
method 
25 
(1 415) 
(1 704) 
Other similar expense 
(7) 
(14) 
Deposit insurance expense 
(98) 
(133) 
Net margin 
25 
2 171 
2 117 
Credit loss allowance charge 
10 
(674) 
(652) 
Net margin after credit loss allowance 
1 497 
1 465 
Fee and commission income 
26 
1 685 
1 569 
Fee and commission expense 
26 
(444) 
(525) 
Gains less losses arising from trading securities  
 32 
27 
Gains less losses arising from interest-based derivatives 
 35 
17 
Gains less losses arising from foreign currencies 
27 
 217 
(225) 
Gains less losses arising from investments 
- 
(5) 
Gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts 
(6) 
1 
Impairment of goodwill 
 (7) 
(10) 
Gains less losses from investment properties 
 (3) 
(4) 
Other provisions 
11,12,13,33 
(18) 
(30) 
Other operating income 
 14 
13 
Operating expenses 
28 
(1 282) 
(1 318) 
Profit before tax 
1 720 
975 
Income tax expense 
29 
(373) 
(271) 
Profit for the year 
1 347 
704 
Other comprehensive income: 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: 
Effect of translation of the financial statements of foreign 
operations 
(1 418) 
946 
Net change in hedge of net investment in foreign operations 
37 
1 210 
(773) 
Income tax on items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
29 
 (242) 
153 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  
Revaluation of premises 
14 
8 
(3) 
Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or 
loss 
29 
(2) 
1 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year 
 (444) 
324 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
903 
1 028 
Profit attributable to: 
The Company's owners 
1 355 
708 
Non-controlling interest 
(8) 
(4) 
Profit for the year 
1 347 
704 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
The Company's owners 
911 
1 032 
Non-controlling interest 
(8) 
(4) 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
903 
1 028 
F-43

--- Page 338 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
The notes set out on pages 5 to 104 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
3 
Attributable to the Company's owners 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
Total 
equity 
In millions of US Dollars 
Share 
capital 
(Note 23) 
Perpetual 
instruments 
(Note 24) 
Fair value 
reserve for 
investments 
at FVOCI 
Revaluation 
reserve for 
premises 
Cumulative 
translation 
reserve 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
Balance as at 1 January 2019 
1 265 
943 
5 
49 
(1 764) 
6 656 
7 154 
44 
7 198 
Profit 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
708
708 
(4)
704
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
(2)
326
-
324
-
324
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
(2)
326
708 
1 032 
(4)
1 028
Realised revaluation reserve 
- 
- 
- 
(2) 
- 
2 
- 
- 
- 
Contribution from holders of perpetual 
instruments (Note 24) 
- 
79 
- 
- 
- 
- 
79 
-
79
Discretionary interest payments on 
perpetual instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
(77)
(77) 
- 
(77)
Repurchase of perpetual instruments 
-
(56)
- 
- 
- 
(4)
(60)
-
(60)
Dividends declared (Note 23) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
(28)
(28)
- 
(28) 
Changes of non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1
1 
1 
2 
Balance as at 31 December 2019 
1 265 
966 
5 
45 
(1 438) 
7 258 
8 101 
41 
8 142 
Profit 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
1 355
1 355 
(8)
1 347
Other comprehensive loss 
- 
- 
- 
6 
(450) 
- 
(444) 
- 
(444) 
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
6 
(450)
1 355
911 
(8)
903
Discretionary interest payments on 
perpetual instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
(73)
(73) 
- 
(73) 
Repurchase of perpetual instruments 
-
(48)
- 
- 
- 
4 
(44) 
- 
(44) 
Dividends declared (Note 23) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
(263)
(263) 
- 
(263) 
Changes of non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1 
1 
5 
6 
Balance as at 31 December 2020 
1 265 
918 
5 
51 
(1 888) 
8 282 
8 633 
38 
8 671 
F-44

--- Page 339 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
The notes set out on pages 5 to 104 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
4 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
2020 
2019 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Interest and other similar income received  
3 602 
3 975 
Interest paid, other than on debt securities issued, loan from the SDIA and 
subordinated debt 
(1 041) 
(1 295) 
Deposit insurance paid 
(103) 
(123) 
Fees and commissions received 
1 684 
1 562 
Fees and commissions paid 
(444) 
(504) 
Net income received from financial assets at FVTPL 
39 
(2) 
Net income received from trading in foreign currencies 
222 
(30) 
Net income received from interest-based derivatives 
28 
(14) 
Other operating income received 
15 
16 
Staff costs paid 
(734) 
(713) 
Other operating expenses paid 
(310) 
(423) 
Income tax paid 
(386) 
(302) 
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in operating assets and 
liabilities 
2 572 
2 147 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
Net change in mandatory cash balances with central banks 
(88) 
(44) 
Net change in financial assets at FVTPL and repurchase receivables 
(692) 
(263) 
Net change in due from other banks 
(725) 
792 
Net change in loans and advances to customers 
(8 014) 
(6 819) 
Net change in other financial assets and other assets 
(30) 
(28) 
Net change in due to other banks 
702 
466 
Net change in customer accounts 
6 909 
6 503 
Net change in other financial liabilities and other liabilities 
(47) 
58 
Net cash from operating activities 
587 
2 812 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Acquisition of investments at FVOCI 
(11 895) 
(12 109) 
Proceeds from disposal and redemption of investments at FVOCI 
13 360 
11 027 
Acquisition of investments at AC 
(698) 
(527) 
Proceeds from redemption of investments at AC 
646 
713 
Proceeds from disposal of investments in associate 
- 
4 
Acquisition of premises, equipment, intangible assets and investment properties 
(290) 
(269) 
Proceeds from disposal of premises, equipment and investment property 
- 
41 
Net cash from / (used in) investing activities 
1 123 
(1 120) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Proceeds from debt securities issued 
1 348 
893 
Repayment of debt securities issued 
(1 186) 
(528) 
Interest paid on debt securities issued 
(254) 
(239) 
Repayment of loan from the SDIA 
- 
(1) 
Interest paid on loan from the SDIA 
(4) 
(4) 
Proceeds from subordinated debt 
- 
853 
Repayment of subordinated debt 
(674) 
(557) 
Interest paid on subordinated debt 
(85) 
(103) 
Proceeds from perpetual instruments 
- 
79 
Repayment of perpetual instruments 
(44) 
(56) 
Interest paid on perpetual instruments 
(73) 
(77) 
Dividends 
23 
(80) 
(28) 
Repayment of principal of lease liabilities 
(41) 
(44) 
Contributions from holders of non-controlling interest 
5 
- 
Net cash (used in) / from financing activities 
(1 088) 
188 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  
622 
1 880 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
7 
6 450 
4 333 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
(478) 
237 
Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year 
7 
6 594 
6 450 
F-45

--- Page 340 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
5 
1 
Introduction 
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards for the year ended 31 December 2020 for ABH Financial Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries 
(the “Group”). 
The Company is a limited liability company registered in the Republic of Cyprus. The Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of ABH Holdings S.A. (“ABHH”). 
ABHH is a Luxembourg company, owned by seven shareholders: Mr. Fridman, Mr. Khan, Mr. Kuzmichev, 
Mr. Aven, Mr. Kosogov, UniCredit S.p.A., and a non-profit organisation “The Mark Foundation for Cancer 
Research” (the “Shareholders”). None of the Shareholders individually or jointly controls and/or owns a 50% or 
more interest in ABHH.  
The Company is registered at Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 2nd floor, CY-1066, Nicosia, Cyprus. 
The Group comprises three main segments: corporate and investment banking, retail banking and treasury 
operations (Note 30). The corporate banking, retail banking and treasury operations of the Group are carried out 
principally by Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” (“Alfa-Bank”) and its subsidiaries. The investment banking 
activities of the Group are carried out mainly by Alfa Capital Markets Ltd together with Alfa-Bank and certain other 
subsidiaries. A substantial part of the Group’s activities are carried out in the Russian Federation.  
As at 31 December 2020 the Group had 793 offices (including branches, regional branches and outlets), most of 
which were operated by Alfa-Bank (2019: 825 offices).  
Alfa-Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. It is registered in the Russian Federation to carry out 
banking and foreign exchange activities and has operated under a full banking license issued by the Central Bank 
of the Russian Federation (the “CBRF”) since 1991. Alfa-Bank operates in all banking sectors of the Russian 
financial markets, including interbank, corporate and retail loans and deposits, foreign exchange operations and 
debt and equity trading. A complete range of banking services is provided in Russian Roubles (“RR”) and foreign 
currencies to its customers. Alfa-Bank participates in the State deposit insurance scheme. The State Deposit 
Insurance Agency (the “SDIA”) guarantees repayment of 100% of individual deposits up to RR 1.4 million per 
individual in case of the withdrawal of a license of a bank or the CBRF imposes moratorium on payments. Alfa-
Bank is licensed by the Federal Commission on Securities Market for trading in securities. Alfa-Bank’s registered 
office is located at 27 Kalanchevskaya Street, Moscow 107078, the Russian Federation. 
Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V. (“ATB”) is a subsidiary of Alfa-Bank. ATB is registered at Strawinskylaan 1939, 
Tower I 1077XX, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
Limited Liability Company Alfa Leasing (“Alfa Leasing”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Alfa-Bank. Alfa Leasing 
operates in the Russian Federation and provides finance and operating lease services to corporate and retail 
customers. Alfa Leasing is registered at 46 Bolshaya Pereyaslavskaya Street, Building 2, 4th floor, room I-15, 
Moscow, the Russian Federation. 
During 2020 the Group has transferred business from Alfa Capital Holdings (Cyprus) Limited to Alfa Capital 
Markets Ltd. Alfa Capital Markets Ltd is primarily involved in the investment banking business including proprietary 
trading and brokerage activities, investment and merchant banking and asset management. Alfa Capital Markets 
Ltd is regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission and licensed principally for brokerage 
activities and proprietary trading (own trading in shares and debentures). Alfa Capital Markets Ltd is registered at 
Themistokli Dervi, 5, Elenion Building, 1066, Nicosia, Cyprus. 
2 
Operating Environment of the Group 
The Group has a significant exposure to the economy and financial markets of the Russian Federation. 
Russian Federation. The Russian Federation displays certain characteristics of an emerging market. Its 
economy is particularly sensitive to oil and gas prices. The legal, tax and regulatory frameworks continue to 
develop and are subject to frequent changes and varying interpretations (Note 33). Russian economy continues 
to be negatively impacted by ongoing political tension in the region and international sanctions against certain 
Russian companies and individuals.  
F-46

--- Page 341 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
6 
2 
Operating Environment of the Group (Continued) 
On 12 March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic. In 
response to the pandemic, the Russian authorities implemented numerous measures attempting to contain the 
spreading and impact of COVID-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and 
limitations on business activity, including closures. The above measures were gradually relaxed during 2020 and 
2021. These measures have, among other things, severely restricted economic activity in Russia and have 
negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact businesses, market participants, clients of the 
Group, as well as the Russian and global economy for an unknown period of time. As part of such measures the 
Group acts as agent in several government subsidy programmes for the most affected industries.  
Management is taking necessary measures to ensure sustainability of the Group’s operations. However, the future 
effects of the current economic situation are difficult to predict and management’s current expectations and 
estimates could differ from actual results. 
For the purpose of measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) the Group uses supportable forward-looking 
information, including forecasts of macroeconomic variables. As at 31 December 2020 the Group updated the 
following economic variables on which the forecast of future macroeconomic conditions is based:  
•
oil and natural gas price dynamics;
•
Russian stock market index MOEX dynamics;
•
dynamics of the money supply, which includes changes in volumes of currency in circulation, demand and
saving deposits and liquid securities.
As with any economic forecast, however, the projections and likelihoods of their occurrence are subject to a 
high degree of inherent uncertainty and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different from those 
projected. Note 4 provides more information on how the Group incorporated forward-looking information in the 
ECL models. 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis of preparation. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) under the historical cost convention, as modified by the initial 
recognition of financial instruments based on fair value, and by the revaluation of premises and equipment, 
investment properties, financial instruments categorised at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) and at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”). The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation 
of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. Policies have been consistently applied to all the 
periods presented, unless otherwise stated. Refer to Note 5. 
Alfa-Bank maintains its accounting records in accordance with Russian banking regulations. Other subsidiaries 
maintain their accounting records in accordance with accounting regulations or applicable companies’ law in their 
respective jurisdictions. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared from those accounting 
records and adjusted as necessary in order to be in accordance with IFRS. 
Presentation currency. These consolidated financial statements are presented in millions of US Dollars. The US 
Dollar has been selected as the presentation currency of the Group as US Dollar is the currency which 
management of the Group uses to manage business risks and exposures and measure the performance of its 
businesses. 
Functional currencies. Different entities within the Group have different functional currencies, based on the 
underlying economic conditions of their operations. In particular, Alfa-Bank and Alfa Leasing have Russian 
Roubles as their functional currency, as their activities are mostly based in the Russian Federation and are 
dependent on the condition of the Russian economy. Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V. has Euro as its functional 
currency, as its activities are mostly based in Europe. ABH Financial Limited and Alfa Capital Markets Ltd have 
US Dollars as their functional currency, as the companies operate internationally on markets mainly influenced by 
the US Dollar. Management evaluates the appropriateness of the respective functional currencies for the entities 
of the Group from time to time, so that the functional currency of any entity of the Group may change, once the 
economic conditions it is reliant on so dictate. Further information regarding the basis of translation of currencies 
in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements is provided under “Foreign Currency Translation” 
section of this Note.  
F-47

--- Page 342 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
7 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Consolidated financial statements. Subsidiaries are those investees, including structured entities, that the 
Group controls because the Group (i) has power to direct relevant activities of the investees that significantly 
affect their returns, (ii) has exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investees, and (iii) 
has the ability to use its power over the investees to affect the amount of investor’s returns. The existence and 
effect of substantive rights, including substantive potential voting rights, are considered when assessing whether 
the Group has power over another entity. For a right to be substantive, the holder must have practical ability to 
exercise that right when decisions about the direction of the relevant activities of the investee need to be made. 
The Group may have power over an investee even when it holds less than majority of voting power in an investee. 
In such a case, the Group assesses the size of its voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of 
the other vote holders to determine if it has de-facto power over the investee. Protective rights of other investors, 
such as those that relate to fundamental changes of investee’s activities or apply only in exceptional 
circumstances, do not prevent the Group from controlling an investee. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date 
on which control is transferred to the Group and are deconsolidated from the date on which control ceases.  
The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries other than those 
acquired from parties under common control. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities 
assumed in a business combination are measured at their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of the 
extent of any non-controlling interest.  
The Group measures non-controlling interest that represents present ownership interest and entitles the holder 
to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation on a transaction by transaction basis, either at: 
(a) fair value, or (b) the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of net assets of the acquiree. Non-controlling
interests that are not present ownership interests are measured at fair value.
Goodwill is measured by deducting the net assets of the acquiree from the aggregate of the consideration 
transferred for the acquiree, the amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree and fair value of an interest in 
the acquiree held immediately before the acquisition date. Any negative amount (“gain on bargain purchase”) is 
recognised in profit or loss, after management reassesses whether it identified all the assets acquired and all 
liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed, and reviews appropriateness of their measurement. 
The consideration transferred for the acquiree is measured at the fair value of the assets given up, equity 
instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed, including fair value of assets or liabilities from contingent 
consideration arrangements, but excludes acquisition related costs such as advisory, legal, valuation and similar 
professional services. Transaction costs incurred for issuing equity instruments are deducted from equity; 
transaction costs incurred for issuing debt are deducted from its carrying amount and all other transaction costs 
associated with the acquisition are expensed. 
Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are 
eliminated; unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the cost cannot be recovered. The Company and all of 
its subsidiaries use uniform accounting policies consistent with the Group’s policies. 
Non-controlling interest is that part of the net results and of the equity of a subsidiary attributable to interests which 
are not owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. Non-controlling interest forms a separate component of the 
Group’s equity. 
Purchases and sales of non-controlling interest. The Group applies the economic entity model to account for 
transactions with owners of non-controlling interest. Any difference between the purchase consideration and the 
carrying amount of non-controlling interest acquired is recorded as a capital transaction directly in equity. The 
Group recognises the difference between sales consideration and carrying amount of non-controlling interest sold 
as a capital transaction in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. 
Foreign currency translation. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated into each entity’s functional currency 
at the official exchange rate at the respective end of the reporting period. Foreign exchange gains and losses 
resulting from the settlement of the transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities into 
each entity’s functional currency at period-end exchange rates are recognised in profit or loss for the year. 
Translation at year-end rates does not apply to non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost. Non-
monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency, including equity investments, are translated using 
the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Effects of exchange rate changes on non-
monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are recorded as part of the fair value gain or loss. 
F-48

--- Page 343 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
8 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Loans between group entities and related foreign exchange gains or losses are eliminated upon consolidation. 
However, where the loan is between group entities that have different functional currencies, the foreign exchange 
gain or loss cannot be eliminated in full and is recognized in the consolidated profit or loss, unless the loan is not 
expected to be settled in the foreseeable future and thus forms part of the net investment in foreign operation. In 
such a case, the foreign exchange gain or loss is recognized in other comprehensive income. 
The results and financial position of each Group entity (none of which is in a hyperinflationary economy) are translated 
into US Dollar as presentation currency as follows:  
(i)
assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the
end of the respective reporting period;
(ii)
income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income
and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions);
(iii)
components of equity are translated at the historic rate; and
(iv)
all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.
When control over a foreign operation is lost, the previously recognised exchange differences on translation to a 
different presentation currency are reclassified from other comprehensive income to profit or loss for the year as 
part of the gain or loss on disposal. On partial disposal of a subsidiary without loss of control, the related portion 
of accumulated currency translation differences is reclassified to non-controlling interest within equity. 
As at 31 December 2020 the principal rate of exchange used for translating foreign currency balances was 
USD 1 = RR 73.8757 (2019: USD 1 = RR 61.9057), the average exchange rate for 2020 was USD 1 = RR 72.1464 
(2019: USD 1 = RR 64.7362). 
Financial instruments - key measurement terms. Depending on their classification financial instruments are 
carried at fair value or amortised cost as described below. 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. The best evidence of fair value is price in an active market. 
An active market is one in which transactions for the asset or liability take place with sufficient frequency and 
volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.  
Fair value of financial instruments traded in an active market is measured as the product of the quoted price for 
the individual asset or liability and the quantity held by the entity. This is the case even if a market’s normal daily 
trading volume is not sufficient to absorb the quantity held and placing orders to sell the position in a single 
transaction might affect the quoted price. The quoted market price which management considers is the most 
representative of fair value was used to measure fair value.  
A portfolio of financial derivatives or other financial assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market is 
measured at the fair value of a group of financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of the price that would 
be received to sell a net long position (i.e. an asset) for a particular risk exposure or paid to transfer a net short 
position (i.e. a liability) for a particular risk exposure in an orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date. This is applicable for assets carried at fair value on a recurring basis if the Group: (a) manages 
the group of financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to a particular market 
risk (or risks) or to the credit risk of a particular counterparty in accordance with the entity’s documented risk 
management or investment strategy; (b) it provides information on that basis about the group of assets and 
liabilities to the entity’s key management personnel; and (c) the market risks, including duration of the entity’s 
exposure to a particular market risk (or risks) arising from the financial assets and financial liabilities is 
substantially the same.  
F-49

--- Page 344 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
9 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow models or models based on recent arm’s length transactions 
or consideration of financial data of the investees, are used to measure fair value of certain financial instruments 
for which external market pricing information is not available. Fair value measurements are analysed by level in 
the fair value hierarchy as follows: (i) level one are measurements at quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets 
for identical assets or liabilities, (ii) level two measurements are valuations techniques with all material inputs 
observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices), and 
(iii) level three measurements are valuations not based on solely observable market data (that is, the
measurement requires significant unobservable inputs). Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are
deemed to have occurred at the end of the reporting period. Refer to Note 38.
Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, issue or disposal of a 
financial instrument. An incremental cost is one that would not have been incurred if the transaction had not taken 
place. Transaction costs include fees and commissions paid to agents (including employees acting as selling 
agents), advisors, brokers and dealers, levies by regulatory agencies and securities exchanges, and transfer 
taxes and duties. Transaction costs do not include debt premiums or discounts, financing costs or internal 
administrative or holding costs.  
Amortised cost (“AC”) is the amount at which the financial instrument was recognised at initial recognition less 
any principal repayments, plus accrued interest, and for financial assets less any allowance for expected credit 
losses. Accrued interest includes amortisation of transaction costs deferred at initial recognition and of any 
premium or discount to maturity amount using the effective interest method. Accrued interest income and accrued 
interest expense, including both accrued coupon and amortised discount or premium (including fees deferred at 
origination, if any), are not presented separately and are included in the carrying values of related items in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. 
The effective interest method is a method of allocating interest income or interest expense over the relevant 
period, so as to achieve a constant periodic rate of interest (effective interest rate) on the carrying amount. The 
effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts (excluding 
future credit losses) through the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, if appropriate, to the 
net carrying amount of the financial instrument.  
The effective interest rate discounts cash flows of variable interest instruments to the next interest repricing date, 
except for the premium or discount which reflects the credit spread over the floating rate specified in the 
instrument, or other variables that are not reset to market rates. Such premiums or discounts are amortised over 
the whole expected life of the instrument. The present value calculation includes all fees paid or received between 
parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. For assets that are purchased or 
originated credit-impaired (“POCI”) at initial recognition, the effective interest rate is adjusted for credit risk, i.e. it 
is calculated based on the expected cash flows on initial recognition instead of contractual payments. 
Financial instruments – initial recognition. Financial instruments at FVTPL are initially recorded at fair value. 
All other financial instruments are initially recorded at fair value adjusted for transaction costs. Fair value at initial 
recognition is best evidenced by the transaction price. A gain or loss on initial recognition is only recorded if there 
is a difference between fair value and transaction price which can be evidenced by other observable current 
market transactions in the same instrument or by a valuation technique whose inputs include only data from 
observable markets. After the initial recognition, an ECL allowance is recognised for financial assets measured at 
AC and investments in debt instruments measured at FVOCI, resulting in an immediate accounting loss. 
All purchases and sales of financial assets that require delivery within the time frame established by regulation or 
market convention (“regular way” purchases and sales) are recorded at trade date, which is the date on which the 
Group commits to deliver a financial asset. All other purchases are recognised when the entity becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – measurement categories. The Group 
classifies financial assets in the following measurement categories: FVTPL, FVOCI and AC. The classification 
and subsequent measurement of debt financial assets depends on: (i) the Group’s business model for managing 
the related assets portfolio and (ii) the cash flow characteristics of the asset.  
F-50

--- Page 345 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
10 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – business model. The business model 
reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to generate cash flows – whether the Group’s objective is: 
(i) solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets (“hold to collect contractual cash flows”,) or (ii) to
collect both the contractual cash flows and the cash flows arising from the sale of assets (“hold to collect
contractual cash flows and sell”) or, if neither of (i) and (ii) is applicable, the financial assets are classified as part
of “other” business model and measured at FVTPL.
Business model is determined for a group of assets (on a portfolio level) based on all relevant evidence about the 
activities that the Group undertakes to achieve the objective set out for the portfolio available at the date of the 
assessment. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model include the purpose and 
composition of a portfolio, how risks are assessed and managed and how the assets’ performance is assessed. 
Refer to Note 4 for critical judgements applied by the Group in determining the business models for its financial 
assets. 
Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – cash flow characteristics. Where the 
business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to hold contractual cash flows and sell, the 
Group assesses whether the cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”). Financial 
assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are 
consistent with the SPPI feature. In making this assessment, the Group considers whether the contractual cash 
flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. interest includes only consideration for credit risk, time 
value of money, other basic lending risks and profit margin.  
Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that is inconsistent with a basic lending 
arrangement, the financial asset is classified and measured at FVTPL. The SPPI assessment is performed on 
initial recognition of an asset and it is not subsequently reassessed.  
Financial assets – reclassification. Financial instruments are reclassified only when the business model for 
managing the portfolio as a whole changes. The reclassification has a prospective effect and takes place from 
the beginning of the first reporting period that follows after the change in the business model. 
Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for ECL. The Group assesses, on a forward-looking 
basis, the ECL for debt instruments measured at AC and FVOCI and for the exposures arising from loan 
commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Group measures ECL and recognises credit loss allowance 
at each reporting date. The measurement of ECL reflects: (i) an unbiased and probability weighted amount that 
is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, (ii) time value of money and (iii) all reasonable and 
supportable information that is available without undue cost and effort at the end of each reporting period about 
past events, current conditions and forecasts of future conditions. 
Debt instruments measured at AC are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position net of the 
allowance for ECL. For loan commitments and financial guarantees, a separate provision for ECL is recognised 
as a liability in the consolidated statement of financial position. For debt instruments at FVOCI, changes in 
amortised cost, net of allowance for ECL, are recognised in profit or loss and other changes in carrying value are 
recognised in OCI as gains less losses on debt instruments at FVOCI. 
The Group applies a three stage model for impairment, based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition. 
A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified in Stage 1. Financial assets in 
Stage 1 have their ECL measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime ECL that results from default 
events possible within the next 12 months or until contractual maturity, if shorter (“12 Months ECL”). If the Group 
identifies a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition, the asset is transferred to Stage 2 
and its ECL is measured based on ECL on a lifetime basis, that is, up until contractual maturity but considering 
expected prepayments, if any (“Lifetime ECL”). Refer to Note 31 for a description of how the Group determines 
when a SICR has occurred. If the Group determines that a financial asset is credit-impaired, the asset is 
transferred to Stage 3 and its ECL is measured as a Lifetime ECL. The Group’s definition of credit impaired assets 
and definition of default is explained in Note 31. For financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-
impaired (“POCI Assets”), the ECL is always measured as a Lifetime ECL. Note 31 provides information about 
inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques used in measuring ECL. 
Financial assets – write-off. Financial assets are written-off, in whole or in part, when the Group exhausted all 
practical recovery efforts and has concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The write-off 
represents a derecognition event. The Group may write-off financial assets that are still subject to enforcement 
activity when the Group seeks to recover amounts that are contractually due, however, there is no reasonable 
expectation of recovery. 
F-51

--- Page 346 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
11 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Financial assets – derecognition. The Group derecognises financial assets when (a) the assets are redeemed 
or the rights to cash flows from the assets otherwise expired or (b) the Group has transferred the rights to the 
cash flows from the financial assets or entered into a qualifying pass-through arrangement while (i) also 
transferring substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the assets or (ii) neither transferring nor retaining 
substantially all risks and rewards of ownership, but not retaining control. Control is retained if the counterparty 
does not have the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an unrelated third party without needing to 
impose restrictions on the sale. 
Financial assets – modification. The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual terms 
of the financial assets. The Group assesses whether the modification of contractual cash flows is substantial 
considering, among other, the following factors: any new contractual terms that substantially affect the risk profile 
of the asset, significant change in interest rate, change in the currency denomination, new collateral or credit 
enhancement that significantly affects the credit risk associated with the asset or a significant extension of a loan 
when the borrower is not in financial difficulties.  
If the modified terms are substantially different, the rights to cash flows from the original asset expire and the 
Group derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a new asset at its fair value. The date of 
renegotiation is considered to be the date of initial recognition for subsequent impairment calculation purposes, 
including determining whether a SICR has occurred. The Group also assesses whether the new loan or debt 
instrument meets the SPPI criterion. Any difference between the carrying amount of the original asset 
derecognised and fair value of the new substantially modified asset is recognised in profit or loss, unless the 
substance of the difference is attributed to a capital transaction with owners. 
In a situation where the renegotiation was driven by financial difficulties of the counterparty and inability to make 
the originally agreed payments, the Group compares the original and revised expected cash flows to assets 
whether the risks and rewards of the asset are substantially different as a result of the contractual modification. If 
the risks and rewards do not change, the modified asset is not substantially different from the original asset and 
the modification does not result in derecognition. The Group recalculates the gross carrying amount by discounting 
the modified contractual cash flows by the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate 
for POCI financial assets) and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. 
Financial liabilities – measurement categories. Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at 
AC, except for (i) financial liabilities at FVTPL: this classification is applied to derivatives, financial liabilities held 
for trading (e.g. short positions in securities), contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business 
combination and other financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition and (ii) financial guarantee 
contracts and loan commitments. 
Financial liabilities – derecognition. Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished (i.e. when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires). 
An exchange between the Group and its original lenders of debt instruments with substantially different terms, as 
well as substantial modifications of the terms and conditions of existing financial liabilities, are accounted for as 
an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. The terms are 
substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees 
paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10% different 
from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability. In addition, other 
qualitative factors, such as the currency that the instrument is denominated in, changes in the type of interest 
rate, new conversion features attached to the instrument and change in loan covenants are also considered. If an 
exchange of debt instruments or modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees 
incurred are recognised as part of the gain or loss on the extinguishment. If the exchange or modification is not 
accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred adjust the carrying amount of the liability and are 
amortised over the remaining term of the modified liability. 
Modifications of liabilities that do not result in extinguishment are accounted for as a change in estimate using a 
cumulative catch up method, with any gain or loss recognised in profit or loss, unless the economic substance of 
the difference in carrying values is attributed to a capital transaction with owners.  
F-52

--- Page 347 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
12 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are items which are readily convertible to known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. All short-term placements with 
other banks, beyond overnight placements, are included in due from other banks. Amounts which relate to funds 
that are of a restricted nature are excluded from cash and cash equivalents, both in the consolidated statement 
of financial position and for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows. Cash and cash equivalents 
are carried at AC because: (i) they are held for collection of contractual cash flows and those cash flows represent 
SPPI, and (ii) they are not designated at FVTPL.  
The payments or receipts presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows represent transfers of cash and 
cash equivalents by the Group, including amounts charged or credited to current accounts of the Group’s 
counterparties held with the Group, such as loan interest income or principal collected by charging the customer’s 
current account or interest payments or disbursement of loans credited to the customer’s current account, which 
represents cash or cash equivalent from the customer’s perspective. 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks. Mandatory cash balances with central banks are carried at AC 
and represent non-interest-bearing mandatory reserve deposits with the CBRF and other local central banks, 
which are not available to finance the Group’s day-to-day operations and hence are not considered as part of 
cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
Due from other banks. Amounts due from other banks are recorded when the Group advances money to 
counterparty banks. Amounts due from other banks are carried at AC when: (i) they are held for the purposes of 
collecting contractual cash flows and those cash flows represent SPPI, and (ii) they are not designated at FVTPL. 
Loans and advances to customers. Loans and advances to customers are recorded when the Group advances 
money to purchase or originate a receivable from a customer. Based on the business model and the cash flow 
characteristics, the Group classifies loans and advances to customers into one of the following measurement 
categories: 
1)
AC: loans that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and those cash flows represent SPPI, and
that are not voluntary designated at FVTPL, are measured at AC.
2)
FVTPL: loans that do not meet the criteria for AC or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL.
Impairment allowances are determined based on forward-looking ECL model. Note 31 provides information about 
inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques used in measuring ECL. 
Repossessed collateral. Repossessed collateral represents financial and non-financial assets acquired by the 
Group in settlement of overdue loans. These assets are initially recognised at fair value when acquired and 
included in premises and equipment, other financial assets, investment properties or inventories within other 
assets depending on their nature and the Group's intention in respect of recovery of these assets and are 
subsequently remeasured and accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies for these asset 
categories. 
Where repossessed collateral results in acquiring control over a business, the business combination is accounted 
for using the acquisition method of accounting with fair value of the settled loan representing the cost of acquisition 
(refer to the accounting policy for consolidation). 
Loan commitments. The Group issues commitments to provide loans. These commitments are irrevocable or 
revocable only in response to a material adverse change. Such commitments are initially recognised at their fair 
value, which is normally evidenced by the amount of fees received. This amount is amortised on a straight-line 
basis over the life of the commitment, except for commitments to originate loans if it is probable that the Group 
will enter into a specific lending arrangement and does not expect to sell the resulting loan shortly after origination; 
such loan commitment fees are deferred and included in the carrying value of the loan on initial recognition. At 
the end of each reporting period, the commitments are measured at (i) the remaining unamortised balance of the 
amount at initial recognition, plus (ii) the amount of the loss allowance determined based on the expected credit 
loss model, unless the commitment is to provide a loan at a below market interest rate, in which case the 
measurement is at the higher of these two amounts. The carrying amount of the loan commitments represents a 
liability. For contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and where the Group cannot 
separately distinguish the ECL on the undrawn loan component from the loan component, the ECL on the undrawn 
commitment is recognised together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined ECLs 
exceed the gross carrying amount of the loan, they are recognised as a liability.  
F-53

--- Page 348 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
13 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Financial guarantees. Financial guarantees require the Group to make specified payments to reimburse the 
holder of the guarantee for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in 
accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantees are initially recognised 
at their fair value, which is normally evidenced by the amount of fees received. This amount is amortised on a 
straight-line basis over the life of the guarantee. At the end of each reporting period, the guarantees are measured 
at the higher of (i) the amount of the loss allowance for the guaranteed exposure determined based on the 
expected loss model and (ii) the remaining unamortised balance of the amount at initial recognition. In addition, 
an ECL loss allowance is recognised for fees receivable that are recognised in the consolidated statement of 
financial position as an asset. 
Performance guarantees. Performance guarantees are contracts that provide compensation if another party 
fails to perform a contractual obligation. Such contracts transfer non-financial performance risk in addition to credit 
risk. Performance guarantees are initially recognised at their fair value, which is normally evidenced by the amount 
of fees received. This amount is amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract. At the end of each 
reporting period, the performance guarantee contracts are measured at the higher of (i) the unamortised balance 
of the amount at initial recognition and (ii) the best estimate of expenditure required to settle the contract at the 
end of each reporting period, discounted to present value. Where the Group has the contractual right to revert to 
its customer for recovering amounts paid to settle the performance guarantee contracts, such amounts will be 
recognised as loans and receivables upon transfer of the loss compensation to the guarantee’s beneficiary. 
Investments in debt securities. Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Group 
classifies investments in debt securities into one of the following measurement categories: 
1)
AC: debt securities that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and where those cash flows
represent SPPI, and that are not voluntarily designated at FVTPL in order to significantly reduce an
accounting mismatch, are measured at AC.
2)
FVOCI: debt securities that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling, where those
cash flows represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVTPL, are measured at FVOCI. Interest income
from these assets is calculated using the effective interest method and recognised in profit or loss. An
impairment allowance estimated using the expected credit loss model is recognised in profit or loss for the
year. All other changes in the carrying value are recognised in OCI. When the debt security is derecognised,
the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from OCI to profit or loss.
3)
FVTPL: investments in debt securities that do not meet the criteria for AC or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL
(mandatory FVTPL). The Group may also irrevocably designate investments in debt securities at FVTPL
on initial recognition (designated FVTPL) if applying this option significantly reduces or eliminates an
accounting mismatch between financial assets and liabilities being recognised or measured on different
accounting bases (the recognition mismatch or the measurement mismatch).
Investments in equity securities. Financial assets that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective, 
i.e. instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay cash and that evidence a residual interest in
the issuer’s net assets, are considered as investments in equity securities by the Group.
Investments in equity securities are measured at FVTPL, except where the Group elects at initial recognition to 
irrevocably designate an equity investment at FVOCI. The Group’s policy is to designate equity investments as 
FVOCI when those investments are held for purposes other than to generate investment returns. When the FVOCI 
election is used, fair value gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are not subsequently reclassified to profit 
or loss, including on disposal. Impairment losses and their reversal, if any, are not measured separately from 
other changes in fair value. Dividends continue to be recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive 
payments is established except when they represent a recovery of an investment rather than a return on such 
investment.  
Sale and repurchase agreements and lending of securities. Sale and repurchase agreements (“repo 
agreements”), which effectively provide a lender’s return to the counterparty, are treated as secured financing 
transactions. Securities sold under such sale and repurchase agreements are not derecognised. The securities 
are reclassified as repurchase receivables in the consolidated statement of financial position if the transferee has 
the right by contract or custom to sell or repledge the securities. The corresponding liability is presented within 
amounts due to other banks or other borrowed funds.  
F-54

--- Page 349 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
14 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repo agreements”), which effectively provide a lender’s 
return to the Group, are recorded as due from other banks or loans and advances to customers, as appropriate. 
The difference between the sale and repurchase price, adjusted by interest and dividend income collected by the 
counterparty, is treated as interest income and accrued over the life of repo agreements using the effective interest 
method.  
Securities lent to counterparties for a fixed fee are retained in the consolidated financial statements in their original 
category in the consolidated statement of financial position unless the counterparty has the right by contract or 
custom to sell or repledge the securities, in which case they are reclassified and presented separately. Securities 
borrowed for a fixed fee are not recorded in the consolidated financial statements, unless these are sold to third 
parties, in which case the purchase and sale are recorded in profit or loss for the year within gains less losses 
arising from trading securities. The obligation to return the securities is recorded at fair value in other borrowed 
funds. 
Investment property. Investment property is property held by the Group to earn rental income or for capital 
appreciation, or both and which is not occupied by the Group.  
Investment property is initially recognised at cost, including transaction costs, and subsequently remeasured at 
fair value updated to reflect market conditions at the end of the reporting period. Fair value of investment property 
is the price that would be received from sale of the asset in an ordinary transaction, without deduction of any 
transaction costs. Fair value of the Group’s investment property is determined based on reports of independent 
appraisers, who hold a recognised and relevant professional qualification and who have recent experience in 
valuation of property of similar location and category.  
Earned rental income is recorded in profit or loss for the year within other operating income. Gains and losses 
resulting from changes in the fair value of investment property are recorded in profit or loss for the year and 
presented in the line Gains less losses from investment properties. 
Goodwill. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. The Group tests goodwill for 
impairment at least annually and whenever there are indications that goodwill may be impaired. Goodwill is 
allocated to the cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the 
synergies of the business combination. Such units or group of units represent the lowest level at which the Group 
monitors goodwill and are not larger than an operating segment. Gains or losses on disposal of an operation 
within a cash generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated include the carrying amount of goodwill 
associated with the operation disposed of, generally measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation 
disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit which is retained. 
Premises and equipment. Equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and provision for 
impairment, where required. 
Premises of the Group are subject to revaluation on a regular basis. Revaluations are made with sufficient 
regularity to ensure that the carrying amount does not differ materially from that which would be determined using 
fair value at the end of the reporting period. Increases in the carrying amount arising on revaluation are credited 
to other comprehensive income and increase the revaluation surplus in equity. Decreases that offset previous 
increases of the same asset are recognised in other comprehensive income and decrease the previously 
recognised revaluation surplus in equity; all other decreases are charged to profit or loss for the year. The 
revaluation reserve for premises included in equity is transferred directly to retained earnings when the surplus is 
realised on the retirement or disposal of the asset. The amount of the surplus realised is the difference between 
depreciation based on the revalued carrying amount of the asset and depreciation based on the asset’s original 
cost. 
Premises and equipment of acquired subsidiaries are initially recorded in the consolidated statement of financial 
position at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition of the acquired subsidiary, being their cost to the 
Group. 
Construction in progress is carried at cost less provision for impairment where required. Upon completion, assets 
are transferred to premises and equipment at their carrying value. Construction in progress is not depreciated 
until the asset is available for use. 
F-55

--- Page 350 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
15 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Costs of minor repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred. Costs of replacing major parts or 
components of premises and equipment items are capitalised and the replaced part is retired.  
At each reporting date the Group assesses whether there is any indication of impairment of premises and 
equipment. If any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount, which is determined as the 
higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell or its value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset is 
greater than its estimated recoverable amount, it is written down to its recoverable amount and the difference is 
charged to profit or loss for the year, unless it has previously been revalued, in which case the revaluation surplus 
is eliminated first and any additional loss is charged in profit or loss for the year. An impairment loss recorded for 
an asset in prior periods is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s 
recoverable amount. 
Gains and losses on disposal of premises and equipment are determined by comparing their carrying amount 
with the sale proceeds and are recognised in profit or loss for the year. 
Computer software. Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to 
acquire and bring to use the specific software. Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes 
are recorded as an expense as incurred. Internal development costs that are directly associated with identifiable 
and unique software products controlled by the Group which will probably generate economic benefits exceeding 
costs beyond one year are recorded as intangible assets. 
Expenditure which enhances or extends the performance of computer software programmes beyond their original 
specifications is recorded as a capital improvement and added to the original cost of the software.  
Computer software development costs recorded as assets are amortised using the straight-line method over their 
useful lives of five to ten years. 
Depreciation. Depreciation is applied on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets using 
the following rates: 
Premises 
2% per annum; 
Office equipment 
16% - 20% per annum; 
Computer equipment 
25% - 33% per annum; 
Leasehold improvements 
over the term of the underlying lease; 
Right-of-use assets 
over the term of the underlying lease. 
The residual value of an asset is the estimated amount that the Group would currently obtain from disposal of the 
asset less the estimated costs of disposal, if the asset were already of the age and in the condition expected at 
the end of its useful life. The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at 
the end of each reporting period.  
Accounting for leases by the Group as a lessee. Leases entered by the Group are recognized as a right-of-
use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group. 
Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or 
loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the 
liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the right-of-use asset's useful life 
and the lease term on a straight-line basis.  
Right-of-use assets are disclosed within premises and equipment and right-of-use assets line, lease liabilities are 
disclosed within other liabilities line of the consolidated statement of financial position. Finance cost is disclosed 
within other similar expense line, depreciation of right-of-use assets is disclosed within operating expenses line 
of the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Cash outflow for lease liabilities is disclosed within cash flows from 
financing activities of the consolidated statement of cash flows.  
F-56

--- Page 351 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
16 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include 
the net present value of the following lease payments:  
•
fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable under
cancellable and non-cancellable operating leases,
•
variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate,
•
amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees,
•
the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
•
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.
The lease payments are discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate that the lessee 
would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic 
environment with similar terms and conditions.  
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following: 
•
the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,
•
any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received,
•
any initial direct costs, and
•
restoration costs.
Payments associated with short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments not 
dependent on index or rate are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. 
Accounting for operating leases by the Group as a lessor. When assets are leased out under an operating 
lease, the lease payments receivable are recognised as rental income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
Finance lease receivables. Where the Group is a lessor in a lease which transfers substantially all the risks and 
rewards incidental to ownership to the lessee, the assets leased out are presented as a finance lease receivable 
and carried at the present value of the future lease payments. Finance lease receivables are initially recognised 
at commencement (when the lease term begins) using a discount rate determined at inception (the earlier of the 
date of the lease agreement and the date of commitment by the parties to the principal provisions of the lease). 
The difference between the gross receivable and the present value represents unearned finance income. This 
income is recognised over the term of the lease using the net investment method (before tax), which reflects a 
constant periodic rate of return. Incremental costs directly attributable to negotiating and arranging the lease are 
included in the initial measurement of the finance lease receivable and reduce the amount of income recognised 
over the lease term. Finance income from leases is recorded within other similar income in profit or loss for the 
year.  
Credit loss allowance is recognised in accordance with the general ECL model. The ECL is determined in the 
same way as for loans and advances measured at AC and recognised through an allowance account to write 
down the receivables’ net carrying amount to the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the interest 
rates implicit in the finance leases. The estimated future cash flows reflect the cash flows that may result from 
obtaining and selling the assets subject to the lease.  
Due to other banks. Amounts due to other banks are recorded when money or other assets are advanced to the 
Group by counterparty banks. The non-derivative liability is carried at AC.  
Customer accounts. Customer accounts are non-derivative liabilities to individuals, state or corporate customers 
and are carried at AC. 
Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL. The Group may designate certain liabilities at FVTPL at initial 
recognition. Gains and losses on such liabilities are presented in profit or loss except for the amount of change in 
the fair value that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability (determined as the amount that is not 
attributable to changes in market conditions that give rise to market risk), which is recorded in OCI and is not 
subsequently reclassified to profit or loss. This is unless such a presentation would create, or enlarge, an 
accounting mismatch, in which case the gains and losses attributable to changes in credit risk of the liability are 
also presented in profit or loss. 
F-57

--- Page 352 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
17 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Debt securities issued. Debt securities issued include promissory notes, bonds, commercial paper and term 
notes. Promissory notes issued by the Group have a fixed date of repayment. These may be issued against cash 
deposits or as a payment instrument, which the purchaser can discount in the over-the-counter secondary market. 
Debt securities are stated at AC. 
If the Group purchases its own debt securities issued, they are removed from the consolidated statement of 
financial position and the difference between the carrying amount of the liability and the consideration paid is 
recorded in profit or loss for the year as gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts. 
Subordinated debt. Subordinated debt ranks behind all other creditors in case of liquidation. Subordinated debt 
is carried at AC. 
Acquired own subordinated notes are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position and the 
difference between the carrying amount of the liability and the consideration paid is recorded in profit or loss for 
the year as gains less losses arising from acquisition of own debts. 
Trade and other payables. Trade payables are accrued when the counterparty has performed its obligations 
under the contract and are carried at AC. 
Share capital. Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new 
shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Any excess of the fair value of 
consideration received over the par value of shares issued is recorded as share premium in equity. 
Dividends. Dividends are recorded in equity in the period in which they are declared. Dividends that are declared 
after the end of the reporting period are disclosed as subsequent events. 
Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting. Derivative financial instruments including foreign 
exchange contracts, currency and interest rate swaps and other derivative financial instruments are carried at 
their fair value. 
Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices in active markets, including recent market transactions, and 
valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models and options pricing models, as appropriate. All 
derivative instruments are carried as assets when fair value is positive, and as liabilities when fair value is 
negative. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are included in profit or loss for the year in 
gains less losses arising from foreign currencies, gains less losses arising from trading securities and other 
operating income, depending on the related contracts, unless the derivatives qualify as hedging instruments. 
The Group applies hedge accounting for its existing hedge by foreign currency exchange forward contracts of part 
of the Group’s net investment in subsidiaries of the Group that have Russian Rouble as a functional currency. 
Also, the Group applies hedge accounting for its existing hedge of interest payments on borrowings and loans 
and advances to customers using interest rate swaps. The Group receives a floating rate and pays a fixed rate 
on the interest rate swaps for its existing hedge of interest payments on loans and advances to customers. The 
Group receives a fixed rate and pays a floating rate on the interest rate swaps for its existing hedge of interest 
payments on borrowings. Credit risk on the loans and advances to customers is not designated as part of the 
hedge relationship. 
The Group made an accounting policy choice to continue to apply the hedge accounting requirement of IAS 39, 
pending the macro hedging project being finalised. 
The Group documents, at the inception of the transaction, the relationship between the hedged items and hedging 
instruments, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The Group also 
documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are 
used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting the exposures to the hedged risks.  
The hedge effectiveness of part of Russian Rouble net investment in subsidiaries of the Group is measured by 
reference to changes in RR/USD spot rates. Only the change in the fair value of the foreign currency exchange 
forward contracts due to changes in spot rates is reported in other comprehensive income and the remaining 
change in the fair value of those contracts is included in profit or loss. Accumulated hedging gains or losses 
recorded through other comprehensive income are recycled from other comprehensive income to profit or loss in 
the period when the hedged item is disposed of. 
F-58

--- Page 353 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
18 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
In order to assess hedge effectiveness, the Group regularly performs two kinds of effectiveness tests: prospective 
effectiveness test (a forward-looking test of whether a hedging relationship is expected to be highly effective in 
future periods); and retrospective effectiveness test (a backward-looking test of whether a hedging relationship 
has actually been highly effective in a past period). 
A hedge is regarded as highly effective only if both of the following conditions are met: 
•
At the inception of the hedge and in subsequent periods, the hedge is expected to be highly effective in
achieving offsetting changes in fair value attributable to the hedged risk during the period, for which the
hedge is designated – prospective effectiveness test, range of 80%-125% is used; and
•
The actual results of the hedge – retrospective effectiveness test; range of 80%-125% is used.
Income taxes. Income taxes have been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with 
legislation enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The income tax charge comprises 
current tax and deferred tax and is recognised in profit or loss for the year except if it is recognised in other 
comprehensive income or directly in equity because it relates to transactions that are also recognised, in the same 
or a different period, in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. 
Current tax is the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the taxation authorities in respect of taxable 
profits or losses for the current and prior periods. Taxable profits or losses are based on estimates if the 
consolidated financial statements are authorised prior to filing relevant tax returns. Taxes, other than on income, 
are recorded within administrative and other operating expenses. 
Deferred income tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method for tax loss carry forwards and temporary 
differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated 
financial statements. Taxation rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period which are 
expected to apply when the temporary differences will reverse or the tax loss carry forwards will be utilised are 
used to determine deferred income tax balances. Deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the 
transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax liabilities are not recorded for 
temporary differences on initial recognition of goodwill and subsequently for goodwill which is not deductible for 
tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted only within the individual companies of the Group. 
Deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry forwards are recorded only to the 
extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductions can be utilised.  
Deferred income tax is provided on post-acquisition retained earnings and other post acquisition movements in 
reserves of subsidiaries, except where the Group controls the subsidiary’s dividend policy and it is probable that 
the difference will not reverse through dividends or otherwise in the foreseeable future. 
Uncertain tax positions. The Group's uncertain tax positions are reassessed by management at the end of each 
reporting period. Liabilities are recorded for income tax positions that are determined by management as more likely 
than not to result in additional taxes being levied if the positions were to be challenged by the tax authorities. The 
assessment is based on the interpretation of tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of 
the reporting period and any known court or other rulings on such issues. Liabilities for penalties, interest and taxes 
other than on income are recognised based on management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
obligations at the end of the reporting period.  
Interest income and expense recognition. Interest income and expense are recorded for all debt instruments, other 
than those at FVTPL, on an accrual basis using the effective interest method. This method defers, as part of interest 
income or expense, all fees paid or received between the parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective 
interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts. Interest income on debt instruments at FVTPL 
calculated at nominal interest rate is presented within “other similar income” line in profit or loss. 
Fees integral to the effective interest rate include origination fees received or paid by the entity relating to the creation 
or acquisition of a financial asset or issuance of a financial liability, for example fees for evaluating creditworthiness, 
evaluating and recording guarantees or collateral, negotiating the terms of the instrument and for processing transaction 
documents. Commitment fees received by the Group to originate loans at market interest rates are integral to the 
effective interest rate if it is probable that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement and does not expect 
to sell the resulting loan shortly after origination. The Group does not designate loan commitments as financial liabilities 
at FVTPL. 
F-59

--- Page 354 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
19 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
For financial assets that are originated or purchased credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is the rate that discounts 
the expected cash flows (including the initial expected credit losses) to the fair value on initial recognition (normally 
represented by the purchase price). As a result, the effective interest is credit-adjusted. 
Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial assets, 
except for: 
i)
financial assets that have become credit-impaired (Stage 3), for which interest revenue is calculated by applying
the effective interest rate to their AC (net of the ECL provision); and
ii)
financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired, for which the original credit-adjusted effective
interest rate is applied to the AC.
Fee and commission income. Fee and commission income is recognised over time on a straight-line basis as the 
services are rendered, when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s 
performance. Such income includes recurring fees for account maintenance, account servicing fees, account 
subscription fees, premium service package fees, portfolio and other asset management advisory and service fees, 
wealth management and financial planning services, etc. Variable fees are recognised only to the extent that 
management determines that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur. 
Other fee and commission income is recognised at a point in time when the Group satisfies its performance obligation, 
usually upon execution of the underlying transaction. The amount of fee or commission received or receivable 
represents the transaction price for the services identified as distinct performance obligations. Such income includes 
fees for arranging a sale or purchase of foreign currencies on behalf of a customer, fees for processing payment 
transactions, fees for cash settlements, collection or cash disbursements, as well as, commissions and fees arising 
from negotiating, or participating in the negotiation of a transaction for a third party, such as the acquisition of loans, 
shares or other securities or the purchase or sale of businesses.  
Customer loyalty programs. The Group offers number of customer loyalty programs. Accounting for such programs 
varies depending on who is identified as the customer, and whether the Group acts as an agent or as a principal under 
the contract. For point-based programs, the Group generally recognises a liability for the accumulated points that are 
expected to be utilised by the customers, which is reversed to profit or loss as the points expire. Cashbacks on plastic 
card transactions reduce fee and commission income. 
Deposit insurance expenses. Deposit insurance expenses comprise of contributions paid to the SDIA. Contributions 
are not linked to particular customer deposits or deposit products. 
Fiduciary assets and custody services. Assets held by the Group in its own name, but on the account of third 
parties, are not reported in the consolidated statement of financial position. The amount of the fee received or 
receivable represents the consideration for the services.  
Offsetting. Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement 
of financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an 
intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Such a right of set off 
(a) must not be contingent on a future event and (b) must be legally enforceable in all of the following
circumstances: (i) in the normal course of business, (ii) the event of default and (iii) the event of insolvency or
bankruptcy.
Provisions for liabilities and charges. Provisions for liabilities and charges are non-financial liabilities of 
uncertain timing or amount which are accrued when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a 
result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. 
Staff costs and related contributions. Wages, salaries, contributions to the Russian Federation state pension 
and social insurance funds, paid annual leave and sick leave, bonuses, and non-monetary benefits are accrued 
in accordance with the existing employee compensation plans in a year in which the associated services are 
rendered by the employees. Discretionary employee compensations are subject to management’s approval and 
are disclosed within staff costs. The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to make pension or similar 
benefit payments beyond the payments to the statutory defined contribution scheme. 
F-60

--- Page 355 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
20 
3 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Segment reporting. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided 
to the Group’s chief operating decision maker. Segments whose revenue, result or assets are ten percent or more 
of all segments are reported separately. 
Presentation of consolidated statement of financial position in order of liquidity. The Group does not have 
a clearly identifiable operating cycle and therefore does not present current and non-current assets and liabilities 
separately in the consolidated statement of financial position. Instead, analysis of assets and liabilities by their 
expected maturities is presented in Note 31. 
Accounting policy for perpetual instruments. Refer to Note 24. 
Amendments of the consolidated financial statements after issue. The Board of Directors has the power to 
amend the consolidated financial statements after issue. 
4 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies 
The Group makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Estimates 
and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on management’s experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management 
also makes certain judgements, apart from those involving estimations, in the process of applying the accounting 
policies. Judgements that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in these consolidated 
financial statements and estimates that can cause a significant adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and 
liabilities: 
ECL measurement. Measurement of ECLs is a significant estimate that involves determination of methodology, 
models and data inputs to those models. The following components have a major impact on credit loss allowance: 
definition of default, significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”), probability of default (“PD”), exposure at default 
(“EAD”), and loss given default (“LGD”), as well as models of macro-economic scenarios. The Group regularly 
reviews and validates the models and inputs to the models to reduce any differences between expected credit 
loss estimates and actual credit loss experience.  
In these consolidated financial statements, the Group has taken into account the evidence of the current 
macroeconomic conditions as described in Note 2. In order to address rising credit risks the Group adjusted the 
main approaches to assessing the level of expected credit losses that have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.  
•
the Group updated economic variables on which the forecast of future macroeconomic conditions is based
and reassessed their associated impact on the PD, EAD and LGD of corporate borrowers. The update was
performed twice during the period and resulted in reduction in the ECL allowance at the beginning of 2020,
followed by a subsequent increase later in the year in response to the COVID-19 pandemic;
•
the Group has expanded the period of statistical default observations used in PD estimation models for
certain segments of loans and advances to corporate borrowers provided on a collective basis resulting in
higher PDs for such segments;
•
the Group has expanded the criteria of SICR for staging purposes such as COVID-19 affected industries
(mainly real estate and aviation transport), high leverage forecast, revenue decrease etc;
•
the Group assessed individual ECL allowance for significant loans and advances to corporate borrowers
based on the most relevant macroeconomic forecasts and information about customers' activities in the
current economic conditions;
•
the Group has adjusted the procedures for issuing new loans and advances to corporate borrowers,
requiring extra information for credit lines drawdowns, reduced high-risk credit limits and implemented
additional approval and monitoring procedures for loans issued;
•
the Group reduced the average amount of new originated loans to individuals in higher risk segments and
implemented more thorough monitoring of credit quality of the loan portfolio. Current lending of loans and
advances to individuals incorporates margin and credit quality statistics collected during the pandemic
period;
•
the Group refined the approach to calculation of the adjustment for forward-looking information to the PD
and LGD of loans to individuals using the most recent borrowers’ behaviour and its forecasts;
F-61

--- Page 356 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
21 
4 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies (Continued) 
•
the Group has applied higher PDs to loans to individuals which were restructured in the form of payment
holidays and lower payments;
•
the Group has updated its approach to LGD calculation for loans to individuals. The Group has collected
statistics in order to assess the level of recoveries from loans specified as defaulted. The level of such
recoveries is higher than recoveries from non-restructured defaulted loans.
The impact of the above changes at the moment of their implementation (second quarter 2020) was approximately 
USD 94 million of additional ECL allowance charged. The above ECL policies and approaches were applied 
consistently since their implementation and through to 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020 exposure of 
loans and advances to individuals restructured in the form of payment holidays or lower payments reduced (Note 
10), ECL allowance on these loans slightly increased following application of most recent statistical information 
on behaviour of these loans. This increase was offsetted by better performance of the normal portfolio during the 
second half of 2020. 
A movement of 10% of loans and advances to customers from Stage 1 (12-months ECL) to Stage 2 (lifetime ECL) 
would result in an increase in credit loss allowance of USD 90 million (2019: USD 200 million). A movement of 
10% of loans and advances to individuals from Stage 2 to Stage 3 would result in an increase in ECL allowance 
of USD 30 million (2019: USD 26 million). A 10% decrease in discounted cash flows from Stage 3 loans and 
advances to corporate borrowers would result in an increase in credit loss allowance of USD 59 million (2019: 
USD 20 million). 
Assessment of whether cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”). Determining 
whether a financial asset’s cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest required judgement. The time 
value of money element may be modified, for example, if a contractual interest rate is periodically reset but the 
frequency of that reset does not match the tenor of the debt instrument’s underlying base interest rate, for example 
a loan pays three months interbank rate, but the rate is reset every month. The effect of the modified time value 
of money was assessed by comparing relevant instrument’s cash flows against a benchmark debt instrument with 
SPPI cash flows, in each period and cumulatively over the life of the instrument. The assessment was done for 
all reasonably possible scenarios, including reasonably possible financial stress situation that can occur in 
financial markets. The Group applied a threshold of 10% to determine whether differences against benchmark 
instruments are significantly different. In case of a scenario with cash flows that significantly differ from the 
benchmark, the assessed instrument’s cash flows are not SPPI and the instrument is then carried at FVTPL. 
The Group identified and considered contractual terms that change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows. 
The SPPI criterion is met if a loan allows early settlement and the prepayment amount substantially represents 
principal and accrued interest, plus a reasonable additional compensation for the early termination of the contract. 
The asset’s principal is the fair value at initial recognition less subsequent principal repayments, i.e. instalments 
net of interest determined using the effective interest method. As an exception to this principle, the standard also 
allows instruments with prepayment features that meet the following condition to meet SPPI: (i) the asset is 
originated at a premium or discount, (ii) the prepayment amount represents contractual par amount and accrued 
interest and a reasonable additional compensation for the early termination of the contract, and (ii) the fair value 
of the prepayment feature is immaterial at initial recognition. 
The Groups’ loans include cross-selling clauses that represent a reduction in the interest rate upon the customer 
entering into other contracts with the Group or achieving certain criteria, such as maintaining a minimum turnover 
on current bank accounts held with the Group. The cash flows are SPPI if such clauses merely reduce the Group’s 
overall profit margin on the instrument and there are no other features inconsistent with a basic lending 
arrangement. 
The Group considered examples in the standard and concluded that features that arise solely from legislation and 
that are not part of the contract, that is, if legislation changed, the features would no longer apply (such as bail in 
legislation in certain countries), are not relevant for assessing whether cash flows are SPPI. 
The Group’s loan agreements allow adjusting interest rates in response to certain macro-economic or regulatory 
changes. Management applied judgement and assessed that competition in the banking sector and the practical 
ability of the borrowers to refinance the loans would prevent it from resetting the interest rates at an above-market 
level and hence cash flows were assessed as being SPPI. 
The Group’s loans, primarily to real estate developers, have cash flows that highly depend on performance of the 
underlying assets. The loans are carried at FVTPL where management determined that such loans are in 
substance non-recourse.  
The instruments that failed the SPPI test are measured at FVTPL. 
F-62

--- Page 357 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
22 
4 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Functional currencies of different entities of the Group. Different entities within the Group have different 
functional currencies, based on the underlying economic conditions of their operations. This determination of what 
the specific underlying economic conditions are requires judgement. In making this judgement, the Group 
evaluates among other factors, the location of activities, the sources of revenue, risks associated with activities 
and denomination of currencies of operations of different entities.  
In determination of the functional currencies of ABH Financial Limited and Alfa Capital Markets Ltd, the Group 
based its judgement on the fact that the companies operate internationally on markets mainly influenced by the 
US Dollar (not Russian Rouble). Moreover, the majority of their operations are denominated in US Dollars. The 
US Dollar is also the currency in which their business risks and exposures are managed and the performance of 
their business is measured. 
Accounting for perpetual instruments. Refer to Note 24. 
5 
Adoption of New or Revised Standards and Interpretations 
The following amended standards became effective for the Group from 1 January 2020, but did not have any 
material impact on the Group: 
Amendments to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (issued in March 2018 and effective 
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020). The revised Conceptual Framework includes a new 
chapter on measurement; guidance on reporting financial performance; improved definitions and guidance - in 
particular the definition of a liability; and clarifications in important areas, such as the roles of stewardship, 
prudence and measurement uncertainty in financial reporting. 
Definition of a business – Amendments to IFRS 3 (issued in October 2018 and effective for acquisitions from 
the beginning of annual reporting period that starts on or after 1 January 2020). The amendments revise definition 
of a business. A business must have inputs and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability 
to create outputs. The new guidance provides a framework to evaluate when an input and a substantive process are 
present, including for early stage companies that have not generated outputs. An organised workforce should be 
present as a condition for classification as a business if are no outputs. The definition of the term ‘outputs’ is narrowed 
to focus on goods and services provided to customers, generating investment income and other income, and it excludes 
returns in the form of lower costs and other economic benefits. It is also no longer necessary to assess whether market 
participants are capable of replacing missing elements or integrating the acquired activities and assets. An entity can 
apply a ‘concentration test’. The assets acquired would not represent a business if substantially all of the fair value of 
gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single asset (or a group of similar assets). 
Definition of material – Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 (issued in October 2018 and effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020). The amendments clarify the definition of material and how it should 
be applied by including in the definition guidance that until now has featured elsewhere in IFRS. In addition, the 
explanations accompanying the definition have been improved. Finally, the amendments ensure that the definition of 
material is consistent across all IFRS Standards. Information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could 
reasonably be expected to influence the decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make 
on the basis of those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity.  
Interest rate benchmark reform – Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 (issued in September 2019 
and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020). The amendments were triggered by 
replacement of benchmark interest rates such as LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates (‘IBORs’). The 
amendments provide temporary relief from applying specific hedge accounting requirements to hedging 
relationships directly affected by the IBOR reform. 
COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions Amendment to IFRS 16 (issued in May 2020 and effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020). The amendment provides lessees with relief in the form of an optional 
exemption from assessing whether a rent concession related to COVID-19 is a lease modification. Lessees can elect 
to account for rent concessions in the same way as if they were not lease modifications. The practical expedient only 
applies to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and only if all of the following 
conditions are met: the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the 
same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; any reduction in lease 
payments affects only payments due on or before 30 June 2021; and there is no substantive change to other terms 
and conditions of the lease. The application of the amendment did not have any impact on the right-of-use asset.  
F-63

--- Page 358 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
23 
6 
New Accounting Pronouncements 
Certain new standards and interpretations have been issued that are mandatory for the annual periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2021 or later, and which the Group has not early adopted.  
IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” (issued in May 2017 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2023). IFRS 17 replaces IFRS 4, which has given companies dispensation to carry on accounting for 
insurance contracts using existing practices. As a consequence, it was difficult for investors to compare and 
contrast the financial performance of otherwise similar insurance companies. IFRS 17 is a single principle-based 
standard to account for all types of insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts that an insurer holds. The 
standard requires recognition and measurement of groups of insurance contracts at: (i) a risk-adjusted present 
value of the future cash flows (the fulfilment cash flows) that incorporates all of the available information about 
the fulfilment cash flows in a way that is consistent with observable market information; plus (if this value is a 
liability) or minus (if this value is an asset) (ii) an amount representing the unearned profit in the group of contracts 
(the contractual service margin). Insurers will be recognising the profit from a group of insurance contracts over 
the period they provide insurance coverage, and as they are released from risk. If a group of contracts is or 
becomes loss-making, an entity will be recognising the loss immediately. The Group expects to apply the standard 
to performance guarantees that it issues and is currently assessing the impact of the new standard on its 
consolidated financial statements.  
Amendments to IFRS 17 and an amendment to IFRS 4 (issued in June 2020 and effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023). The amendments include a number of clarifications intended 
to ease implementation of IFRS 17, simplify some requirements of the standard and transition. The amendments 
relate to eight areas of IFRS 17, and they are not intended to change the fundamental principles of the 
standard. The following amendments to IFRS 17 were made:  
•
Effective date: The effective date of IFRS 17 (incorporating the amendments) has been deferred by two
years to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023; and the fixed expiry date of the
temporary exemption from applying IFRS 9 in IFRS 4 has also been deferred to annual reporting periods
beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
•
Expected recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows: An entity is required to allocate part of the
acquisition costs to related expected contract renewals, and to recognise those costs as an asset until the
entity recognises the contract renewals. Entities are required to assess the recoverability of the asset at
each reporting date, and to provide specific information about the asset in the notes to the financial
statements.
•
Contractual service margin attributable to investment services: Coverage units should be identified,
considering the quantity of benefits and expected period of both insurance coverage and investment
services, for contracts under the variable fee approach and for other contracts with an ‘investment-return
service’ under the general model. Costs related to investment activities should be included as cash flows
within the boundary of an insurance contract, to the extent that the entity performs such activities to enhance
benefits from insurance coverage for the policyholder.
•
Reinsurance contracts held – recovery of losses: When an entity recognises a loss on initial recognition of
an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts, or on addition of onerous underlying contracts to a
group, an entity should adjust the contractual service margin of a related group of reinsurance contracts
held and recognise a gain on the reinsurance contracts held. The amount of the loss recovered from a
reinsurance contract held is determined by multiplying the loss recognised on underlying insurance
contracts and the percentage of claims on underlying insurance contracts that the entity expects to recover
from the reinsurance contract held. This requirement would apply only when the reinsurance contract held
is recognised before or at the same time as the loss is recognised on the underlying insurance contracts.
•
Other amendments: Other amendments include scope exclusions for some credit card (or similar)
contracts, and some loan contracts; presentation of insurance contract assets and liabilities in the statement
of financial position in portfolios instead of groups; applicability of the risk mitigation option when mitigating
financial risks using reinsurance contracts held and non-derivative financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss; an accounting policy choice to change the estimates made in previous interim
financial statements when applying IFRS 17; inclusion of income tax payments and receipts that are
specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of an insurance contract in the fulfilment cash
flows; and selected transition reliefs and other minor amendments.
F-64

--- Page 359 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
24 
6 
New Accounting Pronouncements (Continued) 
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture – Amendments to 
IFRS 10 and IAS 28 (issued on 11 September 2014 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
a date to be determined by the IASB). These amendments address an inconsistency between the requirements 
in IFRS 10 and those in IAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its 
associate or joint venture. The main consequence of the amendments is that a full gain or loss is recognised when 
a transaction involves a business. A partial gain or loss is recognised when a transaction involves assets that do 
not constitute a business, even if these assets are held by a subsidiary. 
Classification of liabilities as current or non-current – Amendments to IAS 1 (issued on 23 January 2020 
and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022). These narrow scope amendments 
clarify that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of 
the reporting period. Liabilities are non-current if the entity has a substantive right, at the end of the reporting 
period, to defer settlement for at least twelve months. The guidance no longer requires such a right to be 
unconditional. Management’s expectations whether they will subsequently exercise the right to defer settlement 
do not affect classification of liabilities. The right to defer only exists if the entity complies with any relevant 
conditions as of the end of the reporting period. A liability is classified as current if a condition is breached at or 
before the reporting date even if a waiver of that condition is obtained from the lender after the end of the reporting 
period. Conversely, a loan is classified as non-current if a loan covenant is breached only after the reporting date. 
In addition, the amendments include clarifying the classification requirements for debt a company might settle by 
converting it into equity. ‘Settlement’ is defined as the extinguishment of a liability with cash, other resources 
embodying economic benefits or an entity’s own equity instruments. There is an exception for convertible 
instruments that might be converted into equity, but only for those instruments where the conversion option is 
classified as an equity instrument as a separate component of a compound financial instrument. 
Classification of liabilities as current or non-current, deferral of effective date – Amendments to IAS 1 
(issued on 15 July 2020 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023). The 
amendment to IAS 1 on classification of liabilities as current or non-current was issued in January 2020 with an 
original effective date 1 January 2022. However, in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, the effective date was 
deferred by one year to provide companies with more time to implement classification changes resulting from the 
amended guidance.  
Proceeds before intended use, Onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract, Reference to the 
Conceptual Framework – narrow scope amendments to IAS 16, IAS 37 and IFRS 3, and Annual 
Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 – amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41 (issued on 14 May 
2020 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022). The amendment to IAS 16 
prohibits an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of PPE any proceeds received from selling items 
produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use. The proceeds from selling such items, 
together with the costs of producing them, are now recognised in profit or loss. An entity will use IAS 2 to measure 
the cost of those items. Cost will not include depreciation of the asset being tested because it is not ready for its 
intended use. The amendment to IAS 16 also clarifies that an entity is ‘testing whether the asset is functioning 
properly’ when it assesses the technical and physical performance of the asset. The financial performance of the 
asset is not relevant to this assessment. An asset might therefore be capable of operating as intended by 
management and subject to depreciation before it has achieved the level of operating performance expected by 
management. 
The amendment to IAS 37 clarifies the meaning of ‘costs to fulfil a contract’. The amendment explains that the 
direct cost of fulfilling a contract comprises the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract; and an allocation of 
other costs that relate directly to fulfilling. The amendment also clarifies that, before a separate provision for an 
onerous contract is established, an entity recognises any impairment loss that has occurred on assets used in 
fulfilling the contract, rather than on assets dedicated to that contract. 
IFRS 3 was amended to refer to the 2018 Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting, in order to determine 
what constitutes an asset or a liability in a business combination. Prior to the amendment, IFRS 3 referred to the 
2001 Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting. In addition, a new exception in IFRS 3 was added for 
liabilities and contingent liabilities. The exception specifies that, for some types of liabilities and contingent 
liabilities, an entity applying IFRS 3 should instead refer to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, rather than the 2018 Conceptual 
Framework. Without this new exception, an entity would have recognised some liabilities in a business 
combination that it would not recognise under IAS 37. Therefore, immediately after the acquisition, the entity 
would have had to derecognise such liabilities and recognise a gain that did not depict an economic gain. It was 
also clarified that the acquirer should not recognise contingent assets, as defined in IAS 37, at the acquisition 
date. 
F-65

--- Page 360 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
25 
6 
New Accounting Pronouncements (Continued) 
The amendment to IFRS 9 addresses which fees should be included in the 10% test for derecognition of financial 
liabilities. Costs or fees could be paid to either third parties or the lender. Under the amendment, costs or fees 
paid to third parties will not be included in the 10% test. 
Illustrative Example 13 that accompanies IFRS 16 was amended to remove the illustration of payments from the 
lessor relating to leasehold improvements. The reason for the amendment is to remove any potential confusion 
about the treatment of lease incentives. 
IFRS 1 allows an exemption if a subsidiary adopts IFRS at a later date than its parent. The subsidiary can measure 
its assets and liabilities at the carrying amounts that would be included in its parent’s consolidated financial 
statements, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRS, if no adjustments were made for consolidation 
procedures and for the effects of the business combination in which the parent acquired the subsidiary. IFRS 1 
was amended to allow entities that have taken this IFRS 1 exemption to also measure cumulative translation 
differences using the amounts reported by the parent, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRS. The 
amendment to IFRS 1 extends the above exemption to cumulative translation differences, in order to reduce costs 
for first-time adopters. This amendment will also apply to associates and joint ventures that have taken the same 
IFRS 1 exemption. 
The requirement for entities to exclude cash flows for taxation when measuring fair value under IAS 41 was 
removed. This amendment is intended to align with the requirement in the standard to discount cash flows on a 
post-tax basis. 
Interest rate benchmark (IBOR) reform – phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 
16 (issued on 27 August 2020 and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021). The 
Phase 2 amendments address issues that arise from the implementation of the reforms, including the replacement 
of one benchmark with an alternative one. The amendments cover the following areas:  
•
Accounting for changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows as a result of IBOR reform: For
instruments to which the amortised cost measurement applies, the amendments require entities, as a
practical expedient, to account for a change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a
result of IBOR reform by updating the effective interest rate using the guidance in paragraph B5.4.5 of IFRS
9. As a result, no immediate gain or loss is recognised. This practical expedient applies only to such a
change and only to the extent it is necessary as a direct consequence of IBOR reform, and the new basis
is economically equivalent to the previous basis. Insurers applying the temporary exemption from IFRS 9
are also required to apply the same practical expedient. IFRS 16 was also amended to require lessees to
use a similar practical expedient when accounting for lease modifications that change the basis for
determining future lease payments as a result of IBOR reform.
•
End date for Phase 1 relief for non-contractually specified risk components in hedging relationships: The
Phase 2 amendments require an entity to prospectively cease to apply the Phase 1 reliefs to a non-
contractually specified risk component at the earlier of when changes are made to the non-contractually
specified risk component, or when the hedging relationship is discontinued. No end date was provided in
the Phase 1 amendments for risk components.
•
Additional temporary exceptions from applying specific hedge accounting requirements: The Phase 2
amendments provide some additional temporary reliefs from applying specific IAS 39 and IFRS 9 hedge
accounting requirements to hedging relationships directly affected by IBOR reform.
•
Additional IFRS 7 disclosures related to IBOR reform: The amendments require disclosure of: (i) how the
entity is managing the transition to alternative benchmark rates, its progress and the risks arising from the
transition; (ii) quantitative information about derivatives and non-derivatives that have yet to transition,
disaggregated by significant interest rate benchmark; and (iii) a description of any changes to the risk
management strategy as a result of IBOR reform.
Unless otherwise described above, the new standards and interpretations are not expected to affect significantly 
the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
F-66

--- Page 361 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
26 
7 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Cash on hand  
1 455 
1 140 
Cash balances with central banks (other than mandatory cash 
balances) 
1 667 
2 147 
Correspondent and settlement accounts with banks and 
financial institutions 
- Russian Federation
172 
394 
- Europe and USA
2 239 
2 138 
- Other countries
57 
54 
Overnight placements with other banks
- Russian Federation
 904 
572 
- Europe and USA
 100 
- 
- Other countries
- 
5 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
6 594 
6 450 
The credit quality of balances on correspondent and settlement accounts with banks and financial institutions is 
managed through a system of qualitative risk management procedures comprising credit risk assessment before 
acceptance. After establishing a correspondent account, depending on the magnitude of the balance, 
management carries out regular monitoring of the financial position and performance of the counterparties. 
As at 31 December 2020 the three largest aggregate balances on correspondent and settlement accounts and 
overnight placements amounted to USD 1 885 million (2019: USD 1 680 million) or 54% (2019: 53%) of the 
correspondent and settlement accounts and overnight placements, while the ten largest aggregate balances on 
correspondent and settlement accounts and overnight placements amounted to USD 2 942 million (2019: USD 2 
855 million) or 85% (2019: 90%) of the correspondent and settlement accounts and overnight placements. 
Analysis by credit quality of correspondent and settlement accounts and overnight placements with other banks 
was as follows as at 31 December 2020: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Correspondent and settlement 
accounts with banks and 
financial institutions 
Overnight 
placements with 
other banks 
Total 
First class 
2 466 
996 
3 462 
Good and standard 
2 
8 
 10 
Total correspondent and settlement 
accounts and overnight placements with 
other banks 
2 468 
1 004 
3 472 
For the purpose of ECL measurement cash and cash equivalents balances are included in Stage 1. The ECL for 
these balances represents an insignificant amount, therefore the Group did not recognise any credit loss 
allowance for cash and cash equivalents. Refer to Note 31 for the ECL measurement approach. 
Analysis by credit quality of correspondent and settlement accounts and overnight placements with other banks 
was as follows as at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Correspondent and settlement 
accounts with banks and 
financial institutions 
Overnight 
placements with 
other banks 
Total 
First class 
2 582 
485 
3 067 
Good and standard 
4 
78 
82 
Acceptable 
- 
14 
14 
Total correspondent and settlement 
accounts and overnight placements with 
other banks 
2 586 
577 
3 163 
F-67

--- Page 362 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
27 
7 
Cash and Cash Equivalents (Continued) 
Refer to Note 31 for the description of credit quality ratings. 
For the purposes of measurement the Group classified all balances included in cash and cash equivalents as 
financial assets at AC. Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of cash and cash equivalents are disclosed 
in Note 31.  
8 
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss and Repurchase Receivables 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Trading securities 
Corporate Eurobonds 
801 
591 
Eurobonds and bonds of other states 
299 
155 
Corporate bonds 
177 
54 
Russian Federation bonds and Eurobonds 
78 
3 
Total debt trading securities 
1 355 
803 
ADRs and GDRs 
81 
100 
Corporate shares 
59 
20 
Total equity trading securities 
140 
120 
Total trading securities 
 1 495 
923 
Repurchase receivables relating to trading securities 
Corporate bonds 
13 
- 
Corporate Eurobonds 
4 
- 
Total repurchase receivables relating to debt trading securities 
17 
- 
Corporate shares 
24 
3 
Total repurchase receivables relating to trading securities 
41 
3 
Other financial instruments mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
258 
197 
Total financial assets at FVTPL and repurchase receivables 
1 794 
1 123 
Repurchase receivables represent trading securities sold under sale and repurchase agreements with other banks 
(Note 15). The counterparty financial institutions have a right to resell or pledge these securities. 
Corporate Eurobonds are interest-bearing securities issued mainly by large Russian and European companies 
and freely tradable internationally. Corporate bonds are interest-bearing securities issued by large Russian 
companies and freely tradable in the Russian Federation. 
As at 31 December 2020 other financial instruments at FVTPL includes USD 191 million loans and advances to 
customers mandatorily measured at FVTPL under IFRS 9 because the contractual cash flows of these assets are 
not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (2019: USD 197 million). 
F-68

--- Page 363 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
28 
8 
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss and Repurchase Receivable (Continued) 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Maturity 
Coupon rates 
Yields to 
maturity 
Maturity 
Coupon 
rates 
Yields to 
maturity 
Corporate 
Eurobonds 
Jan. 2021 – 
 Apr. 2044 
1.6% - 12.0% 
1.0% - 8.3% 
Jan. 2020 – 
Sep. 2047 
3.2% - 13.9% 
2.4% - 26.9% 
Corporate bonds 
Jan. 2021 – 
Oct. 2035 
5.7% - 11.0% 
0.1% - 10.4% 
Jan. 2020 – 
May 2033 
6.8% - 10.5% 
0.3% - 15.2% 
Eurobonds and 
bonds of other 
states 
Jan. 2021 - 
Jul. 2035 
1.0% - 10.0% 
1.0% - 8.1% 
Jan. 2020 – 
Jan. 2050 
1.0% - 7.4% 
1.5% - 14.7% 
Analysis by credit quality of debt trading securities, repurchase receivables relating to trading securities and other 
financial instruments at FVTPL was as follows at 31 December 2020: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
Eurobonds 
Eurobonds 
and bonds 
of other 
states 
Corporate 
bonds 
Russian 
Federation 
bonds and 
Eurobonds 
Other 
financial 
instruments 
at FVTPL 
Total 
First class 
 452 
 288 
 - 
 72 
-
812
Good and standard 
 211 
 11 
 126 
-
258
606
Acceptable 
 132 
 - 
 64 
6 
 -
202
Weak 
 10 
- 
- 
-
-
10
Total debt financial 
assets at FVTPL 
 805 
 299 
 190 
 78 
 258 
 1 630 
Analysis by credit quality of debt trading securities, repurchase receivables relating to trading securities and other 
financial instruments at FVTPL was as follows at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
Eurobonds 
Eurobonds 
and bonds 
of other 
states 
Corporate 
bonds 
Russian 
Federation 
bonds and 
Eurobonds 
Other 
financial 
instruments 
at FVTPL 
Total 
First class 
343 
51 
- 
3 
-
397
Good and standard 
156 
3 
107 
-
197
463
Acceptable 
92 
- 
48 
-
-
140
Total debt financial 
assets at FVTPL 
591 
54 
155 
3 
197 
1 000 
Refer to Note 31 for the description of credit quality ratings. 
Trading securities and repurchase receivables are carried at fair value, which also reflects any credit risk related 
write-downs and best represents Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk.  
Currency, maturity and interest rates analyses of financial assets at FVTPL and repurchase receivables are 
disclosed in Note 31. 
9 
Due from Other Banks 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements with other banks 
2 633 
2 334 
Term placements with other banks 
1 443 
1 208 
Total due from other banks 
4 076 
3 542 
F-69

--- Page 364 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
29 
9 
Due from Other Banks (Continued) 
As at 31 December 2020 reverse sale and repurchase agreements with other banks were effectively collateralised 
by securities with estimated fair value of USD 2 715 million (2019: USD 2 406 million), all of which the Group had 
the right to sell or repledge. The Group did not recognise ECL for short-term over-collateralised reverse sale and 
repurchase agreements. 
As at 31 December 2020 the three largest aggregate balances due from other banks amounted to USD 2 809 
million (2019: USD 2 597 million) or 69% (2019: 73%) of total due from other banks, the five largest aggregate 
balances due from other banks amounted to USD 3 307 million (2019: USD 2 851 million) or 81% (2019: 80%) of 
total due from other banks. 
Analysis by credit quality of amounts due from other banks outstanding was as follows as at 31 December 2020: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Reverse sale and 
repurchase agreements 
with other banks 
Term placements with 
other banks 
Total 
First class 
2 633 
1 437 
4 070 
Acceptable 
- 
6 
6 
Total due from other banks 
2 633 
1 443 
4 076 
For the purpose of ECL measurement due from other banks balances are included in Stage 1. The ECL for these 
balances represents an insignificant amount, therefore the Group did not recognise any credit loss allowance for 
due from other banks. Refer to Note 31 for the ECL measurement approach. 
Analysis by credit quality of amounts due from other banks outstanding was as follows as at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Reverse sale and 
repurchase agreements 
with other banks 
Term placements with 
other banks 
Total 
First class 
2 080 
1 062 
3 142 
Good and standard 
146 
82 
228 
Acceptable 
108 
64 
172 
Total due from other banks 
2 334 
1 208 
3 542 
Refer to Note 31 for the description of credit quality ratings. 
As at 31 December 2020 included within term placements with other banks are margin call deposits in the amount 
of USD 404 million (2019: USD 310 million) placed as collateral under transactions with derivatives and securities. 
Refer to Note 34. 
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of due from other banks are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated 
fair value of due from other banks is disclosed in Note 38. The information on related party balances is disclosed 
in Note 39. 
F-70

--- Page 365 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
30 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers 
In millions of US Dollars
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Credit loss 
allowance 
(ECL) 
Carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Credit loss 
allowance 
(ECL) 
Carrying 
amount 
Corporate customers 
Corporate borrowers 
28 989 
(768)
28 221
26 638 
(681)
25 957
Finance lease receivables 
1 391 
(19)
1 372
1 498 
(15)
1 483
Reverse sale and repurchase 
receivables 
590 
-
590
1 213 
-
1 213
Advances on lease operations 
38 
-
38
49 
(1)
48
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers 
31 008 
(787)
30 221
29 398 
(697)
28 701
Individuals 
Personal instalment loans (PILs) 
5 793 
(401)
5 392
5 602 
(275)
5 327
Credit cards 
2 651 
(251)
2 400
2 923 
(212)
2 711
Mortgage loans  
3 089 
(13)
3 076
1 810 
(10)
1 800
Consumer (POS) loans 
93 
(4)
89
49 
(3)
46
Reverse sale and repurchase 
receivables 
80 
-
80
58 
-
58
Total loans and advances to 
individuals 
11 706 
(669)
11 037
10 442 
(500)
9 942
Total loans and advances to 
customers 
42 714 
(1 456) 
41 258 
39 840 
(1 197) 
38 643 
Movements in the credit loss allowance during 2020 were as follows: 
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
Total 
In millions of US 
Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance 
lease recei-
vables 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consumer 
(POS) 
loans 
As at 1 January 
2020 
 681 
 16 
 275 
 212 
 10 
 3 
1 197 
Credit loss allowance 
charge 
199 
4 
315 
175 
12 
8 
 713 
Amounts written off 
as uncollectible  
(117) 
- 
(165)
(118)
(8)
(7)
(415) 
Unwinding of discount 
19 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
19
Effect of translation to 
functional currency 
80 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
80
Effect of translation to 
presentation 
currency 
(94) 
(1) 
(24)
(18)
(1)
-
(138) 
As at 31 December 
2020 
 768 
 19 
 401 
 251 
 13 
 4 
1 456 
F-71

--- Page 366 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
31 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Movements in the credit loss allowance during 2019 were as follows: 
Corporate customers 
Individuals 
Total 
In millions of US 
Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance 
lease recei-
vables 
  
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit 
cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consumer 
(POS) 
loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 
2019 
570 
9 
156 
138 
6 
9 
888 
Credit loss allowance 
charge 
393 
9 
164 
136 
4 
4 
710 
Amounts written off 
as uncollectible  
(311) 
(2) 
(58) 
(74) 
- 
(11) 
(456) 
Unwinding of discount 
12 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12 
Effect of translation to 
functional currency 
(41) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(41) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation 
currency 
58 
- 
13 
12 
- 
1 
84 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
2019 
681 
16 
275 
212 
10 
3 
1 197 
  
  
The credit loss allowance for loan impairment during 2020 differs from the amount presented in profit or loss for 
the year due to USD 39 million (including USD 37 million relating to loans and advances to individuals) recovery 
of amounts previously written off as uncollectible (2019: USD 58 million (including USD 47 million relating to loans 
and advances to individuals)). This amount was credited directly to the credit loss allowance line in the statement 
of profit or loss for the year. 
The following tables disclose the changes in the credit loss allowance and gross carrying amount for loans and 
advances to customers carried at amortised cost between the beginning and the end of the reporting period. 
F-72

--- Page 367 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
32 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Corporate borrowers 
 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
 
 
 
  
  
As at 1 January 2020 
(103) 
(27) 
(551) 
(681) 
 
24 039 
1 389 
1 210 
26 638 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements with impact 
on ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- to lifetime (from Stage 
1 and Stage 3 to 
Stage 2) 
67 
(72) 
5 
- 
 
(4 259) 
4 281 
(22) 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 3) 
25 
5 
(30) 
- 
 
(87) 
(26) 
113 
- 
- to 12-months ECL 
(from Stage 2 to 
Stage 1) 
(26) 
26 
- 
- 
 
590 
(590) 
- 
- 
New originated  
(75) 
- 
- 
(75) 
 
12 174 
- 
- 
12 174 
Derecognised 
58 
42 
- 
100 
 
(9 456) 
(998) 
- 
(10 454) 
Changes in credit risk 
and other movements 
(26) 
(27) 
(171) 
(224) 
 
3 064 
225 
26 
3 315 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total movements with 
impact on ECL 
charge 
23 
(26) 
(196) 
(199) 
 
2 026 
2 892 
117 
5 035 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements without 
impact on ECL 
charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
117 
117 
 
- 
- 
(117) 
(117) 
Unwinding of discount 
- 
- 
(19) 
(19) 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Effect of translation to 
functional currency 
(1) 
- 
(79) 
(80) 
 
1 582 
61 
123 
1 766 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
4 
1 
89 
94 
 
(3 703) 
(425) 
(205) 
(4 333) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
(77) 
(52) 
(639) 
(768) 
 
23 944 
3 917 
1 128 
28 989 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
F-73

--- Page 368 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
33 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) (lifetime) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2019 
(85) 
(67) 
(418) 
(570) 
 
19 879 
1 574 
897 
22 350 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
Movements with impact on 
ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- to lifetime (from Stage 1 and 
Stage 3 to Stage 2) 
26 
(29) 
3 
- 
 
(3 457) 
3 475 
(18) 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 3) 
- 
270 
(270) 
- 
 
- 
(707) 
707 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 1) 
(30) 
30 
- 
- 
 
1 134 
(1 134) 
- 
- 
New originated  
(117) 
- 
- 
(117) 
 
11 040 
- 
- 
11 040 
Derecognised 
87 
55 
- 
142 
 
(7 759) 
(1 787) 
(135) 
(9 681) 
Changes in credit risk and 
other movements 
19 
(285) 
(152) 
(418) 
 
1 641 
(70) 
- 
1 571 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
Total movements with 
impact on ECL charge 
(15) 
41 
(419) 
(393) 
 
2 599 
(223) 
554 
2 930 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
Movements without impact on 
ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
311 
311 
 
- 
- 
(311) 
(311) 
Unwinding of discount 
- 
- 
(12) 
(12) 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Effect of translation to 
functional currency 
2 
- 
39 
41 
 
(761) 
(186) 
(39) 
(986) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
(5) 
(1) 
(52) 
(58) 
 
2 322 
224 
109 
2 655 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 
(103) 
(27) 
(551) 
(681) 
 
24 039 
1 389 
1 210 
26 638 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-74

--- Page 369 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
34 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Personal instalment loans 
 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2020 
(80) 
(51) 
(144) 
(275) 
 
4 998 
312 
292 
5 602 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements with impact on 
ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- to lifetime (from Stage 1 to 
Stage 2) 
46 
(46) 
- 
- 
 
(1 051) 
1 051 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 3) 
- 
163 
(163) 
- 
 
- 
(367) 
367 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 1) 
(60) 
60 
- 
- 
 
580 
(580) 
- 
- 
New originated 
(62) 
- 
- 
(62) 
 
2 754 
- 
- 
2 754 
Derecognised 
70 
25 
22 
117 
 
(1 670) 
(61) 
(31) (1 762) 
Changes in credit risk and 
other movements 
(43) 
(194) 
(133) 
(370) 
 
200 
40 
- 
240 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total movements with 
impact on ECL charge 
(49) 
8 
(274) 
(315) 
 
813 
83 
336 
1 232 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements without impact 
on ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
165 
165 
 
- 
- 
(165) 
(165) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
2 
3 
19 
24 
 
(764) 
(64) 
(48) 
(876) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
(127) 
(40) 
(234) 
(401) 
 
5 047 
331 
415 
5 793 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-75

--- Page 370 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
35 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
In millions of US Dollars 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2019 
(39) 
(77) 
(40) 
(156) 
2 727 
445 
44 
3 216 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Movements with impact on 
ECL charge: 
 
Transfers: 
 
- to lifetime (from Stage 1 to 
Stage 2) 
37 
(37) 
- 
- 
(1 198) 
1 198 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 3) 
- 
108 
(108) 
- 
- 
(162) 
162 
- 
- to 12-months ECL (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 1) 
(88) 
88 
- 
- 
988 
(988) 
- 
- 
New originated 
(62) 
- 
- 
(62) 
 
4 098 
- 
- 
4 098 
Derecognised 
11 
30 
9 
50 
 
(762) 
(81) 
(9) 
(852) 
Changes in credit risk and 
other movements 
63 
(160) 
(55) 
(152) 
 
(1 193) 
(135) 
140 
(1 188) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Total movements with 
impact on ECL charge 
(39) 
29 
(154) 
(164) 
1 933 
(168) 
293 
2 058 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Movements without impact 
on ECL charge: 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
58 
58 
- 
- 
(58) 
(58) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
(2) 
(3) 
(8) 
(13) 
338 
35 
13 
386 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2019 
(80) 
(51) 
(144) 
(275) 
4 998 
312 
292 
5 602 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
F-76

--- Page 371 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
36 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Credit cards 
 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2020 
(60) 
(54) 
(98) 
(212) 
 
2 498 
304 
121 
2 923 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Movements with impact 
on ECL charge: 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Transfers: 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
- to lifetime (from Stage 
1 to Stage 2) 
58 
(58) 
- 
- 
 
(1 719) 
1 719 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 3) 
- 
123 
(123) 
- 
 
- 
(214) 
214 
- 
- to 12-months ECL 
(from Stage 2 to 
Stage 1) 
(76) 
76 
- 
- 
 
1 145 
(1 145) 
- 
- 
New originated 
(30) 
- 
- 
(30) 
 
1 215 
- 
- 
1 215 
Derecognised 
74 
55 
25 
154 
 
(1 435) 
(343) 
(34) 
(1 812) 
Changes in credit risk 
and other movements 
(31) 
(200) 
(68) 
(299) 
 
877 
13 
- 
890 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total movements with 
impact on ECL 
charge 
(5) 
(4) 
(166) 
(175) 
 
83 
30 
180 
293 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements without 
impact on ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
118 
118 
 
- 
- 
(118) 
(118) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
3 
2 
13 
18 
 
(369) 
(51) 
(27) 
(447) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
(62) 
(56) 
(133) 
(251) 
 
2 212 
283 
156 
2 651 
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
F-77

--- Page 372 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
37 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
In millions of US 
Dollars 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2019 
(50) 
(31) 
(57) 
(138) 
1 959 
147 
70 
2 176 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Movements with 
impact on ECL 
charge: 
 
Transfers: 
 
- to lifetime (from 
Stage 1 to Stage 2) 
48 
(48) 
- 
- 
(1 012) 
1 012 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired 
(from Stage 2 to 
Stage 3) 
- 
107 
(107) 
- 
- 
(193) 
193 
- 
- to 12-months ECL 
(from Stage 2 to 
Stage 1) 
(62) 
62 
- 
- 
970 
(970) 
- 
- 
New originated 
(13) 
- 
- 
(13) 
863 
- 
- 
863 
Derecognised 
42 
40 
10 
92 
 
(1 312) 
(141) 
(10) 
(1 463) 
Changes in credit risk 
and other 
movements 
(23) 
(183) 
(9) 
(215) 
 
809 
427 
(69) 
1 167 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Total movements 
with impact on ECL 
charge 
(8) 
(22) 
(106) 
(136) 
318 
135 
114 
567 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Movements without 
impact on ECL 
charge: 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
74 
74 
- 
- 
(74) 
(74) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation 
currency 
(2) 
(1) 
(9) 
(12) 
221 
22 
11 
254 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
As at 31 December 
2019 
(60) 
(54) 
(98) 
(212) 
2 498 
304 
121 
2 923 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
F-78

--- Page 373 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
38 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Mortgage loans 
 
Credit loss allowance 
 
Gross carrying amount 
In millions of US Dollars 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
(12m) 
(lifetime) 
(lifetime) 
 
  
  
  
  
As at 1 January 2020 
(8) 
- 
(2) 
(10) 
 
1 799 
5 
6 
1 810 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements with impact 
on ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- to lifetime (from Stage 
1 to Stage 2) 
1 
(1) 
- 
- 
 
(18) 
18 
- 
- 
- to credit-impaired (from 
Stage 2 to Stage 3) 
- 
2 
(2) 
- 
 
- 
(15) 
15 
- 
- to 12-months ECL 
(from Stage 2 to 
Stage 1) 
(1) 
1 
- 
- 
 
5 
(5) 
- 
- 
New originated 
(5) 
- 
- 
(5) 
 
2 230 
- 
- 
2 230 
Derecognised 
2 
- 
- 
2 
 
(814) 
(1) 
- 
(815) 
Changes in credit risk 
and other movements 
3 
(3) 
(9) 
(9) 
 
158 
5 
1 
164 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total movements with 
impact on ECL 
charge 
- 
(1) 
(11) 
(12) 
 
1 561 
2 
16 
1 579 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Movements without 
impact on ECL charge: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts written off as 
uncollectible 
- 
- 
8 
8 
 
- 
- 
(8) 
(8) 
Effect of translation to 
presentation currency 
- 
- 
1 
1 
 
(289) 
(1) 
(2) 
(292) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
(8) 
(1) 
(4) 
(13) 
 
3 071 
6 
12 
3 089 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Changes in credit risk and other movements include charge or release of credit loss allowance for loans 
transferred from other stages during the period, for new originated loans classified to the stage after the date of 
their initial recognition, and for loans classified to the stage at the beginning of the period. 
The credit loss allowance for loans and advances to customers recognised in the period is impacted by a variety 
of factors, details of ECL measurement are provided in Note 31. Below main movements in the table are described: 
• 
Transfers between Stage 1, 2 and 3 due to balances experiencing significant increases (or decreases) of 
credit risk or becoming credit-impaired in the period, and the consequent “step up” (or “step down”) between 
12-month and Lifetime ECL; 
• 
Additional allowances for new financial instruments recognised during the period, as well as releases for 
financial instruments derecognised in the period; 
• 
Impact on the measurement of ECL due to changes to model assumptions, including changes in PDs, 
EADs and LGDs in the period, arising from update of inputs to ECL models; 
• 
Unwinding of discount due to the passage of time because ECL is measured on a present value basis; 
• 
Foreign exchange translations of assets denominated in foreign currencies and other movements; and 
• 
Write-offs of allowances related to assets that were written off during the period. 
F-79

--- Page 374 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
39 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Analysis by credit quality of loans to corporate customers outstanding as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance lease 
receivables 
Reverse sale 
and 
repurchase 
receivables 
Advances on 
lease 
operations 
Total 
 
 
Stage 1 (12m ECL): 
 
 
- first class borrowers 
14 982 
54 
- 
- 
15 036 
- good and standard 
borrowers 
7 242 
1 039 
85 
20 
8 386 
- acceptable borrowers 
1 647 
218 
- 
- 
1 865 
- weak borrowers 
73 
- 
- 
- 
73 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
 
 
 
 
- not past due 
 
 
 
 
 
- first class borrowers 
327 
30 
- 
- 
357 
- good and standard 
borrowers 
2 181 
10 
- 
17 
2 208 
- acceptable borrowers 
1 061 
18 
505 
- 
1 584 
- weak borrowers 
348 
13 
- 
- 
361 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
 
 
 
 
- not past due 
267 
1 
- 
- 
268 
- less than 30 days overdue 
1 
- 
- 
- 
1 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
57 
- 
- 
- 
57 
- over 90 days overdue 
803 
8 
- 
1 
812 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total gross loans and 
advances to corporate 
customers 
28 989 
1 391 
590 
38 
31 008 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
(768) 
(19) 
- 
- 
(787) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers 
28 221 
1 372 
590 
38 
30 221 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
F-80

--- Page 375 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
40 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Analysis by credit quality of loans to corporate customers outstanding as at 31 December 2019 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
borrowers 
Finance lease 
receivables 
Reverse sale 
and 
repurchase 
receivables 
Advances on 
lease 
operations 
Total 
 
Stage 1 (12m ECL): 
 
- first class borrowers 
12 692 
153 
- 
23 
12 868 
- good and standard 
borrowers 
8 069 
1 248 
1 213 
26 
10 556 
- acceptable borrowers 
2 728 
34 
- 
- 
2 762 
- weak borrowers 
550 
1 
- 
- 
551 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due 
 
- first class borrowers 
224 
2 
- 
- 
226 
- good and standard 
borrowers 
985 
40 
- 
- 
1 025 
- acceptable borrowers 
114 
- 
- 
- 
114 
- weak borrowers 
54 
3 
- 
- 
57 
- less than 30 days overdue 
2 
2 
- 
- 
4 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
10 
12 
- 
- 
22 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
 
 
 
 
- not past due 
904 
1 
- 
- 
905 
- less than 30 days overdue 
9 
- 
- 
- 
9 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
3 
- 
- 
- 
3 
- over 90 days overdue 
294 
2 
- 
- 
296 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Total gross loans and 
advances to corporate 
customers 
26 638 
1 498 
1 213 
49 
29 398 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Credit loss allowance 
(681) 
(15) 
- 
(1) 
(697) 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total loans and advances to 
corporate customers 
25 957 
1 483 
1 213 
48 
28 701 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Refer to Note 31 for the description of credit quality ratings. 
 
F-81

--- Page 376 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
41 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Analysis by credit quality of loans to individuals outstanding as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consumer 
(POS) loans 
Reverse 
sale and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
 
Stage 1 (12m ECL): 
 
- first class borrowers 
46 
17 
375 
6 
- 
444 
- good and standard borrowers 
3 149 
1 088 
2 459 
50 
80 
6 826 
- acceptable borrowers 
1 592 
794 
212 
24 
- 
2 622 
- weak borrowers 
260 
313 
25 
8 
- 
606 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- not past due 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- first class borrowers 
20 
- 
- 
- 
- 
20 
- good and standard borrowers 
42 
11 
1 
- 
- 
54 
- acceptable borrowers 
79 
37 
3 
1 
- 
120 
- weak borrowers 
149 
182 
1 
1 
- 
333 
- less than 30 days overdue 
13 
21 
- 
- 
- 
34 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
28 
32 
1 
1 
- 
62 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- not past due 
180 
2 
4 
- 
- 
186 
- less than 30 days overdue 
21 
1 
1 
- 
- 
23 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
20 
5 
1 
- 
- 
26 
- over 90 days overdue 
194 
148 
6 
2 
- 
350 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total gross loans and 
advances to individuals 
5 793 
2 651 
3 089 
93 
80 
11 706 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
(401) 
(251) 
(13) 
(4) 
- 
(669) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total loans and advances to 
individuals 
5 392 
2 400 
3 076 
89 
80 
11 037 
  
 
During second half 2020 loans to individuals who applied for payment holidays and lower payments reduced from 
USD 955 million as at 30 June 2020 to USD 590 million as at 31 December 2020, majority of those are classified 
as Stage 1. The Group applied more conservative approach to ECL measurement resulted in higher ECL rates 
to these loans in comparison to standard loans. 
 
 
F-82

--- Page 377 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
42 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Analysis by credit quality of loans to individuals outstanding as at 31 December 2019 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Personal 
instalment 
loans 
Credit cards 
Mortgage 
loans 
Consumer 
(POS) loans 
Reverse 
sale and 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
 
Stage 1 (12m ECL): 
 
- first class borrowers 
194 
59 
327 
2 
- 
582 
- good and standard borrowers 
3 259 
1 322 
1 215 
28 
58 
5 882 
- acceptable borrowers 
1 377 
863 
251 
12 
- 
2 503 
- weak borrowers 
168 
254 
5 
2 
- 
429 
Stage 2 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due 
 
- good and standard borrowers 
2 
- 
1 
- 
- 
3 
- acceptable borrowers 
80 
14 
3 
1 
- 
98 
- weak borrowers 
169 
228 
1 
2 
- 
400 
- less than 30 days overdue 
23 
28 
- 
- 
- 
51 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
32 
34 
1 
- 
- 
67 
- over 90 days overdue 
6 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 
Stage 3 (lifetime ECL): 
 
- not past due 
125 
2 
1 
- 
- 
128 
- less than 30 days overdue 
20 
1 
- 
- 
- 
21 
- 30 to 90 days overdue 
15 
3 
- 
- 
- 
18 
- over 90 days overdue 
132 
115 
5 
2 
- 
254 
  
 
 
Total gross loans and 
advances to individuals 
5 602 
2 923 
1 810 
49 
58 
10 442 
  
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
(275) 
(212) 
(10) 
(3) 
- 
(500) 
 
  
 
Total loans and advances to 
individuals 
5 327 
2 711 
1 800 
46 
58 
9 942 
  
 
The above ratings for neither past due nor impaired represent aggregated results of the scoring system used by 
the Group. Good credit standing category represents excellent quality loans with the best score, average credit 
standing category – medium quality with average score and below average credit standing category – loans 
potentially under surveillance. 
The primary factors that the Group considers in determining whether a loan has become impaired are ability of 
borrowers to service their debt, loans and interest overdue status and realisability of related collateral, if any. 
 
 
 
F-83

--- Page 378 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
43 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Economic sector risk concentrations within the loans and advances to customers were as follows: 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
In millions of US Dollars 
Amount 
% 
  
Amount 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Individuals 
 11 706 
 27 
 10 442 
 26 
Oil industry 
 5 563 
 13 
 
 4 975 
 12 
Food industry and agriculture 
 3 297 
 8 
 3 500 
 9 
Trade and commerce 
 2 786 
 7 
 
 2 810 
 7 
Real estate and construction 
 2 726 
 6 
 
 2 861 
 7 
Railway transport 
 2 050 
 5 
 939 
 2 
Ferrous metallurgy 
 2 206 
 5 
 
 1 823 
 5 
Finance and investment companies 
 2 001 
 5 
 2 839 
 7 
Chemistry and petrochemistry 
 1 975 
 5 
 
 1 847 
 5 
Mass media and telecommunications 
 1 722 
 4 
 1 851 
 5 
Non-ferrous metallurgy 
 1 152 
 3 
 1 317 
 3 
Nuclear industry 
 1 149 
 3 
 
 463 
 1 
Miscellaneous machinery and metal working 
 620 
 1 
 
 526 
 1 
Coal Industry 
 608 
 1 
 
 686 
 2 
Aviation transport 
 596 
 1 
 
 445 
 1 
Water transport 
 508 
 1 
 485 
 1 
Timber industry 
 424 
 1 
 
 452 
 1 
Power generation 
 397 
 1 
 
 696 
 2 
Diamond extraction and processing 
 217 
 1 
 
 233 
1 
Other 
 1 011 
 2 
 650 
 2 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Total gross loans and advances to customers  
42 714 
100 
39 840 
100 
  
 
 
  
As at 31 December 2020 aggregate loans and advances to the ten largest borrowers (or groups of related 
borrowers) amounted to USD 7 518 million (2019: USD 7 318 million) or 18% (2019: 18% of the gross loans and 
advances to customers, while aggregate loans and advances to the twenty largest borrowers (or groups of related 
borrowers) amounted to USD 11 919 million (2019: USD 11 487 million) or 28% (2019: 29%) of the gross loans 
and advances to customers. 
As at 31 December 2020 loans and advances to customers in the total amount of USD 103 million (2019: USD 145 
million) were pledged as collateral for the financing received from the CBRF (Note 15). 
The outstanding contractual amount of loans and advances to customers written off that are still subject to 
enforcement activity was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
Corporate customers 
36 
9 
Individuals 
261 
96 
  
 
  
 
Total loans and advances to customers 
297 
105 
  
 
  
The Group’s policy is to complete legal enforcement steps that were initiated even though the loans were written 
off as there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. 
 
F-84

--- Page 379 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
44 
10 
Loans and Advances to Customers (Continued) 
Maturities of gross and net investments in finance lease are analysed as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Within  
1 year 
Between  
1 and 5 years 
More than  
5 years 
Total 
  
Gross finance lease receivable as at 
31 December 2020 
626 
969 
230 
1 825 
Less future finance income on finance 
leases 
(175) 
(225) 
(34) 
(434) 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Net investment in finance leases as at 
31 December 2020 
451 
744 
196 
1 391 
    
Gross finance lease receivable as at 
31 December 2019 
593 
1 132 
304 
2 029 
Less future finance income on finance 
leases 
(195) 
(298) 
(38) 
(531) 
    
Net investment in finance leases as at 
31 December 2019 
398 
834 
266 
1 498 
  
The financial effect of collateral is presented by disclosing impact of collateral and other credit enhancements on 
credit loss allowance recognised at the end of the reporting period. Without holding collateral and other credit 
enhancements, the credit loss allowance would be higher by the following amounts: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Corporate borrowers 
385 
426 
Finance lease receivables 
59 
56 
Advances on lease operations 
- 
- 
Loans to individuals - Personal instalment loans (PILs) 
- 
- 
Loans to individuals - Credit cards 
- 
- 
Loans to individuals - Consumer (POS) loans 
- 
- 
  
  
Total difference on credit loss allowance 
444 
482 
  
Reverse sale and repurchase receivables and mortgage loans are not included in the above table since the Group 
would not originate these instruments without collateral. 
In the normal course of business the Group obtains collateral and/or guarantees and sureties for loans to legal 
entities. Acceptable collateral includes real estate, property, equipment, inventories, securities, contractual rights 
and certain other assets. Guarantees and sureties can be provided by controlling shareholders, government 
entities, banks and other solvent legal entities.  
As at 31 December 2020 corporate loans in the amount of USD 14 454 million (2019: USD 8 844 million) were 
not secured (or were secured by low quality collateral which does not allow to classify the loan as secured using 
criteria of the Group) and loans in the amount of USD 6 128 million (2019: USD 7 038 million) were secured only 
by third party guarantees where guarantors are considered to be related to the borrower itself. 
As at 31 December 2020 and 2019 most of the loans to small and medium size enterprises were secured by 
collateral or sureties. Finance lease receivables are secured by the leased equipment the title to which is normally 
retained by the Group for the duration of the lease.  
Reverse sale and repurchase agreements are effectively collateralised by securities purchased under those 
agreements. As at 31 December 2020 reverse sale and repurchase agreements were collateralised by securities 
purchased with estimated fair value of USD 874 million (2019: USD 1 407 million) all of which the Group had the 
right to sell or repledge.  
Credit cards, personal instalment and consumer (POS) loans to individuals are not secured. Mortgage loans to 
individuals are collateralised by respective property acquired. 
For the purposes of measurement the Group classified all balances included in loans and advances to customers 
as financial assets at AC. Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of loans and advances to customers are 
disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair value of loans and advances to customers is disclosed in Note 38. The 
information on related party balances is disclosed in Note 39. 
F-85

--- Page 380 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
45 
11 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Investments 
  
  
Debt investments at FVOCI 
3 283 
4 840 
Investments at AC 
1 991 
2 334 
Other investments 
3 
1 
Credit loss allowance for investments at AC 
(4) 
(4) 
  
 
  
 
Total investments 
5 273 
7 171 
  
 
  
 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments 
 
Investments at AC 
310 
58 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
88 
74 
  
 
  
 
Total repurchase receivables relating to investments 
398 
132 
  
 
 
 
 
Total investments and repurchase receivables relating to investments 
5 671 
7 303 
  
 
Investments at AC and repurchase receivables relating to investments at AC 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Investments at AC 
 
Corporate Eurobonds 
1 310 
1 368 
Corporate bonds 
648 
965 
Bonds of other states 
33 
1 
Credit loss allowance 
(4) 
(4) 
  
 
 
Total investments at AC 
1 987 
2 330 
  
 
 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments at AC 
 
Corporate Eurobonds 
190 
- 
Corporate bonds 
82 
- 
Bonds of other states 
38 
58 
  
 
 
Total repurchase receivables relating to investments at AC 
310 
58 
  
 
 
Total investments and repurchase receivables relating to investments 
at AC 
2 297 
2 388 
  
 
  
Corporate Eurobonds are interest-bearing securities issued mainly by large Russian, European companies and 
freely tradable internationally. Corporate bonds are interest-bearing securities issued by large Russian companies 
and freely tradable in the Russian Federation. 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Maturity 
Coupon 
rates 
Yields to 
maturity 
Maturity 
Coupon 
rates 
Yields to 
maturity 
Corporate Eurobonds 
Jan. 2021 - 
Oct. 2025 3.0% - 8.8% 
0.1% - 6.1% 
Apr. 2020 - 
Nov. 2024 
3.4% - 8.3% 
0.1% - 27.0% 
Corporate bonds 
Mar. 2021 - 
Dec. 2030 
6.6% - 
12.6% 
0.3% - 14.3% 
Apr. 2020 - 
Nov. 2024 7.7% - 13.1% 
0.4% - 12.7% 
F-86

--- Page 381 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
46 
11 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables (Continued) 
The following table contains an analysis of investments at AC by credit quality as at 31 December 2020 based on 
credit quality. Refer to Note 31 for the description of ratings system used by the Group and the approach to ECL 
measurement. The carrying amount of investments at AC also represents the Group's maximum exposure to 
credit risk on these assets. 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
Eurobonds 
Corporate bonds 
Bonds of other 
states 
Total 
First class 
1 196 
730 
71 
1 997 
Good and standard 
304 
- 
- 
304 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
(2) 
(2) 
- 
(4) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total investments at 
AC and repurchase 
receivables relating 
to investments at AC 
1 498 
728 
71 
2 297 
  
For the purpose of ECL measurement investments at AC balances are included in Stage 1. Refer to Note 31 for 
the ECL measurement approach. 
Analysis by credit quality of investments at AC outstanding as at 31 December 2019 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate 
Eurobonds 
Corporate bonds 
Bonds of other 
states 
Total 
 
 
 
 
First class 
633 
100 
59 
792 
Good and standard 
735 
551 
- 
1 286 
Acceptable 
- 
303 
- 
303 
Weak 
- 
11 
- 
11 
  
Credit loss allowance 
(3) 
(1) 
- 
(4) 
  
Total investments at 
AC and repurchase 
receivables relating 
to investments at AC 
1 365 
964 
59 
2 388 
  
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of investments at AC and repurchase receivables relating to 
investments at AC are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair value of investments at AC and repurchase 
receivables relating to investments at AC is disclosed in Note 38. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-87

--- Page 382 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
47 
11 
Investments and Repurchase Receivables (Continued) 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
 
Russian Federation bonds and Eurobonds 
3 164 
4 280 
Bonds of other states 
119 
560 
  
  
Total debt investments at FVOCI 
3 283 
4 840 
  
 
  
 
Repurchase receivables relating to investments at FVOCI 
 
  
 
Bonds of other states 
88 
74 
  
 
 
 
 
Total repurchase receivables relating to investments at FVOCI 
88 
74 
  
 
  
 
Total debt investments at FVOCI and repurchase receivables 
relating to investments at FVOCI 
3 371 
4 914 
  
 
Russian Federation bonds and Eurobonds are interest-bearing securities and are freely tradable in the Russian 
Federation and internationally. Bonds of other states are interest-bearing securities issued by government of the 
United States, Italy, Portugal and freely tradable internationally. 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Maturity 
Coupon 
rates 
Yields to 
maturity 
Maturity 
Coupon 
rates 
Yields to 
maturity 
Russian Federation bonds 
and Eurobonds 
Jan. 2021 – 
Sep. 2023 4.3% - 4.8% 
0.1% - 1.5% 
Jan. 2020 – 
Sep. 2023 3.6% - 7.0% 
0.3% - 7.0% 
Bonds of other states 
Oct. 2021 
1.6% 
0.3% 
Jan. 2020 – 
Nov. 2020 1.6% - 2.6% 
0.3% - 2.6% 
Analysis by credit quality of debt investments at FVOCI was as follows as at 31 December 2020: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Russian 
Federation bonds 
and Eurobonds 
Bonds of other 
states 
Total 
 
First class 
3 164 
207 
3 371 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total debt investments at FVOCI and repurchase 
receivables relating to investments at FVOCI 
3 164 
207 
3 371 
  
For the purpose of ECL measurement debt investments at FVOCI balances are included in Stage 1. The ECL for 
these balances represents an insignificant amount, therefore the Group did not recognise any credit loss 
allowance for debt investments at FVOCI. Refer to Note 31 for the ECL measurement approach. 
Analysis by credit quality of debt investments at FVOCI was as follows as at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Russian 
Federation bonds 
and Eurobonds 
Bonds of other 
states 
Total 
 
First class 
4 280 
634 
4 914 
  
Total debt investments at FVOCI and repurchase 
receivables relating to investments at FVOCI 
4 280 
634 
4 914 
  
Refer to Note 31 for the description of credit quality ratings. 
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of debt investments at FVOCI and repurchase receivables relating 
to debt investments at FVOCI are disclosed in Note 31. 
F-88

--- Page 383 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
48 
12 
Other Financial Assets 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
2020 
2019 
Other financial assets at AC 
Plastic card debtors 
 
 61 
59 
Other 
 69 
98 
  
  
Total other financial assets at AC 
130 
157 
  
  
Other financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
37 
552 
490 
Receivables on conversion operations 
  
 67 
 35 
Receivables on operations with securities and derivatives 
 
 60 
42 
  
  
Total other financial assets at FVTPL 
679 
567 
  
  
Total other financial assets 
809 
724 
  
As at 31 December 2020 and 2019 the Group held margin call deposits pledged by its counterparties as collateral 
under transactions with derivative financial instruments and operations with securities. Refer to Notes 15 and 16. 
As at 31 December 2020 derivative financial instruments included USD 350 million (2019: USD 475 million) 
related to instruments contracted with large international banks with investment grades. 
Analysis by credit quality of other financial assets at AC outstanding as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Receivables on 
conversion 
operations 
Plastic card 
debtors 
Receivables on 
operations with 
securities and 
derivatives 
Other 
Total 
 
 
Neither past due nor impaired 
with credit history 
67 
 61 
 33 
69 
230 
Neither past due nor impaired 
without credit history 
 - 
 - 
 27 
 - 
27 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total other financial assets 
 67 
 61 
 60 
 69 
 257 
  
 
 
Analysis by credit quality of other financial assets at AC outstanding as at 31 December 2019 was as follows:  
In millions of US Dollars 
Receivables on 
conversion 
operations 
Plastic card 
debtors 
Receivables on 
operations with 
securities and 
derivatives 
Other 
Total 
 
 
Neither past due nor impaired 
with credit history 
35 
59 
42 
79 
215 
Neither past due nor impaired 
without credit history 
- 
- 
- 
19 
19 
  
 
 
 
 
Total other financial assets 
35 
59 
42 
98 
234 
  
 
  
  
  
  
“Entities with credit history” are those entities of which the Group is aware of their credit history over more than 
one year. 
Currency and maturity analyses of other financial assets are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair value of 
other financial assets is disclosed in Note 38. The information on related party balances is disclosed in Note 39. 
 
 
F-89

--- Page 384 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
49 
13 
Other Assets 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Prepayments 
 125 
 130 
Computer software 
 110 
 170 
Prepayment of taxes, other than on income 
 46 
 56 
Investment properties 
 37 
 46 
Repossessed collateral 
 20 
 28 
Prepayment of current income tax 
 18 
 2 
Goodwill 
 10 
 21 
  
 
 
Loss allowance 
(13) 
(10) 
  
 
 
Total other assets  
353 
443 
  
Movements in intangible assets during 2020 were as follows: 
 
In millions of US Dollars 
Goodwill 
Computer 
software 
Total 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2020 
21 
170 
191 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost  
 
 
 
Opening balance  
21 
337 
358 
Additions 
- 
22 
22 
Amounts written-off 
(7) 
(23) 
(30) 
Translation movement  
(4) 
(53) 
(57) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance  
10 
283 
293 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation  
 
 
 
Opening balance  
- 
167 
167 
Amortisation (Note 28)  
- 
52 
52 
Amounts written-off 
- 
(19) 
(19) 
Translation movement  
- 
(27) 
(27) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance  
- 
173 
173 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2020 
10 
110 
120 
  
  
  
  
F-90

--- Page 385 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
50 
13 
Other Assets (Continued) 
Movements in intangible assets during 2019 were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Goodwill 
Computer 
software 
Total 
Carrying amount as at 1 January 2019 
28 
122 
150 
  
  
  
  
Cost  
Opening balance  
28 
245 
273 
Additions 
- 
92 
92 
Amounts written-off 
(10) 
(30) 
(40) 
Translation movement  
3 
30 
33 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance  
21 
337 
358 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation  
 
 
 
Opening balance  
- 
123 
123 
Amortisation (Note 28)  
- 
57 
57 
Amounts written-off 
- 
(30) 
(30) 
Translation movement  
- 
17 
17 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance  
- 
167 
167 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2019 
21 
170 
191 
  
  
  
  
The recoverable amount of goodwill for the purposes of impairment testing was estimated based on value in use 
calculation. 
14 
Premises and Equipment and Right-of-use Assets 
In millions of US Dollars 
Premises 
Office and 
computer 
equipment 
Construction 
in progress 
Right-of-use 
assets 
(offices) 
Total 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Carrying amount as at 1 January 
2020 
 362 
 165 
 109 
 180 
 816 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cost / revaluation 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance 
440 
450 
109 
219 
1 218 
Impairment 
(7) 
- 
- 
- 
(7) 
Transfers 
19 
58 
(77) 
- 
- 
Additions 
171 
71 
27 
15 
284 
Disposals 
- 
(15) 
- 
(39) 
(54) 
Translation movement 
(71) 
(73) 
(18) 
(35) 
(197) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance 
 552 
 491 
 41 
 160 
1 244 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance 
78 
285 
- 
39 
402 
Depreciation (Note 28) 
12 
45 
- 
42 
99 
Disposals  
- 
(14) 
- 
(34) 
(48) 
Translation movement 
(14) 
(48) 
- 
(6) 
(68) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance 
 76 
 268 
- 
 41 
 385 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amount as at 
31 December 2020 
 476 
 223 
 41 
 119 
 859 
  
F-91

--- Page 386 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
51 
14 
Premises and Equipment and Right-of-use Assets (Continued) 
Included in the above carrying amount is USD 64 million (2019: USD 56 million) representing revaluation surplus 
relating to premises of the Group. As at 31 December 2020 the carrying amount of premises would have been 
USD 412 million (2019: USD 306 million) had the assets been carried at cost less depreciation. 
In millions of US Dollars 
Premises 
Office and 
computer 
equipment 
Construction 
in progress 
Right-of-use 
assets 
(offices) 
Total 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Carrying amount as at 1 January 
2019 
279 
171 
30 
136 
616 
Cost / revaluation 
Opening balance 
341 
387 
30 
136 
894 
Revaluation 
(3) 
- 
- 
- 
(3) 
Transfer 
(2) 
- 
- 
- 
(2) 
Additions 
65 
33 
75 
73 
246 
Disposals 
(2) 
(20) 
- 
(7) 
(29) 
Translation movement 
41 
50 
4 
17 
112 
Closing balance 
440 
450 
109 
219 
1 218 
  
Accumulated depreciation 
Opening balance 
62 
216 
- 
- 
278 
Depreciation (Note 28) 
9 
49 
- 
37 
95 
Disposals  
(1) 
(12) 
- 
- 
(13) 
Translation movement 
8 
32 
- 
2 
42 
Closing balance 
78 
285 
- 
39 
402 
  
Carrying amount as at 
31 December 2019 
362 
165 
109 
180 
816 
  
15 
Due to Other Banks 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Correspondent accounts and overnight placements of other banks 
- Russian Federation  
 665 
458 
- Other countries 
 71 
62 
Term placements of other banks 
1 327 
1 647 
Sale and repurchase agreements with other banks 
 507 
138 
Placements with the CBRF 
 
- Term deposits 
 151 
4 
- Loans received under a secured lending programme 
 105 
139 
 
  
 
Total due to other banks 
2 826 
2 448 
  
 
As at 31 December 2020 the ten largest aggregate balances due to other banks amounted to USD 1 964 million 
(2019: USD 1 775 million) or 70% (2019: 73%) of total due to other banks.  
Loans received from the CBRF under a secured lending programme were secured by a pledge of loans and 
advances to customers in the carrying amount of USD 103 million (2019: USD 145 million) (Note 10).  
As at 31 December 2020 sale and repurchase agreements with other banks were effectively secured by trading 
securities and investments at AC and at FVOCI in the amount of USD 439 million (2019: USD 135 million) (Notes 
8 and 11) and securities purchased under reverse sale and repurchase agreements with a fair value of USD 113 
million (2019: USD 10 million).  
As at 31 December 2020 included within term placements of other banks are margin call deposits in the amount 
of USD 11 million (2019: USD 1 million) received by the Group as collateral under transactions with derivatives 
and operations with securities with other banks. 
F-92

--- Page 387 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
52 
15 
Due to Other Banks (Continued) 
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of due to other banks are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair 
value of due to other banks is disclosed in Note 38. The information on related party balances is disclosed in 
Note 39. 
16 
Customer Accounts 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Commercial organisations 
- Current/settlement accounts 
10 514 
8 530 
- Term deposits 
7 837 
8 722 
  
 
Individuals 
 
- Current/demand accounts 
17 707 
13 058 
- Term deposits 
4 028 
7 563 
 
State and public organisations 
 
- Current/settlement accounts 
411 
255 
- Term deposits 
3 211 
3 294 
  
 
 
Total customer accounts 
43 708 
41 422 
  
 
Economic sector concentrations within customer accounts were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Amount 
% 
Amount 
% 
Individuals 
21 735 
50 
20 621 
50 
Trade and commerce 
8 868 
20 
7 621 
18 
State and public organisations 
3 179 
7 
3 549 
9 
Energy and oil and gas 
2 246 
5 
1 863 
4 
Finance and investment companies 
2 177 
5 
2 145 
5 
Construction 
1 368 
3 
1 354 
3 
Manufacturing 
 727 
2 
 604 
1 
Transport 
 727 
2 
 940 
2 
Mass media and telecommunications 
 265 
1 
 237 
1 
Non-ferrous metallurgy 
 47 
- 
 861 
2 
Other 
2 369 
5 
1 627 
5 
 
 
 
 
Total customer accounts 
43 708 
100 
41 422 
100 
  
  
As at 31 December 2020 the aggregate balances of ten largest customers (or groups of related customers) 
amounted to USD 5 013 million (2019: USD 5 639 million) or 11% (2019: 14%) of the total customer accounts. 
Included in customer accounts are balances in the amount of USD 106 million (2019: USD 247 million) held as 
collateral for irrevocable commitments under import letters of credit. Refer to Note 33. 
As at 31 December 2020 included within customer accounts are margin call deposits in the amount of 
USD 64 million (2019: USD 83 million) received by the Group as collateral under transactions with derivatives and 
operations with securities with customers. 
As at 31 December 2020 sale and repurchase agreements in the amount of USD 23 million (2019: USD 32 million) 
were effectively secured by securities purchased under reverse sale and repurchase agreements with a fair value 
of USD 29 million (2019: USD 40 million). 
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of customer accounts are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair 
value of customer accounts is disclosed in Note 38. The information on related party balances is disclosed in 
Note 39. 
F-93

--- Page 388 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
53 
17 
Debt Securities Issued 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Notes 
1 766 
1 809 
Rouble denominated bonds 
1 594 
1 550 
Promissory notes 
 229 
 369 
Euro Commercial Paper Notes 
 49 
 126 
US Dollars denominated bonds 
 14 
 10 
Euro denominated bonds 
 12 
 12 
  
 
 
Total debt securities issued 
3 664 
3 876 
  
 
Notes  
The details of Notes outstanding as at 31 December 2020 are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest 
rate 
Curren-
cy 
Nominal in 
millions of 
currency 
in millions of US Dollars 
Nominal 
Issue 
proceeds 
net of 
costs 
Amortised 
cost 
Repur-
chased 
amount 
28 April 2011 
28 April 2021 
7.75% 
7.94% 
USD 
1 000 
1 000 
997 
585 
 (427) 
11 June 2020 
11 June 2023 
2.70% 
2.78% 
EUR 
 350 
397 
397 
401 
 (34) 
30 January 2020 
30 January 2025 
6.75% 
6.90% 
RUR 
15 000 
240 
240 
204 
 (5) 
9 November 2017 
9 November 2022 
2.88% 
2.99% 
CHF 
 165 
165 
164 
186 
 -  
20 July 2017 
20 July 2021 
8.90% 
9.16% 
RUR 
10 000 
169 
168 
141 
 -  
16 February 2017 
16 February 2022 
9.25% 
9.49% 
RUR 
10 000 
176 
176 
125 
 (15) 
6 February 2019 
6 August 2022 
9.35% 
9.68% 
RUR 
10 000 
153 
152 
124 
 (16) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 766 
 (497) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The details of Notes outstanding as at 31 December 2019 are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest 
rate 
Curren-
cy 
Nominal in 
millions of 
currency 
in millions of US Dollars 
Nominal 
Issue 
proceeds 
net of 
costs 
Amortised 
cost 
Repur-
chased 
amount 
28 April 2011 
28 April 2021 
7.75% 
7.94% 
USD 
1 000 
1 000 
997 
719 
(288) 
28 March 2017 
28 April 2020 
2.63% 
2.72% 
EUR 
400 
435 
434 
456 
- 
9 November 2017 
9 November 2022 
2.88% 
2.99% 
CHF 
165 
165 
164 
170 
- 
6 February 2019 
6 August 2022 
9.35% 
9.68% 
RUR 
10 000 
153 
152 
159 
(8) 
20 July 2017 
20 July 2021 
8.90% 
9.16% 
RUR 
10 000 
169 
168 
151 
(17) 
16 February 2017 
16 February 2022 
9.25% 
9.49% 
RUR 
10 000 
176 
176 
154 
(13) 
Total Notes 
1 809 
(326) 
F-94

--- Page 389 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
54 
17 
Debt Securities Issued (Continued) 
Rouble denominated bonds. The details of Rouble denominated bonds outstanding as at 31 December 2020 
are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Offer date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest rate 
in millions of US Dollars 
Amortised cost 
Repurchased 
amount 
31 July 2018 
2 August 2021 
- 
7.90% 
8.06% 
141 
- 
21 February 2018 
4 March 2033 
26 February 2021 
7.35% 
7.50% 
139 
- 
6 March 2018 
17 March 2033 
9 September 2021 
7.35% 
7.49% 
138 
- 
12 April 2019 
13 April 2021 
- 
8.55% 
8.75% 
138 
- 
30 October 2018 
1 November 2021 
- 
8.95% 
9.16% 
137 
- 
3 June 2020 
4 June 2021 
- 
5.75% 
5.86% 
136 
- 
9 August 2019 
11 August 2022 
- 
7.90% 
8.07% 
112 
- 
27 October 2020 
30 October 2023 
- 
5.90% 
6.00% 
109 
- 
21 December 2020 
24 December 2023 
- 
5.95% 
6.05% 
108 
- 
8 October 2020 
29 December 2021 
- 
5.30% 
5.41% 
81 
- 
4 October 2016 
16 September 2031 
30 September 2021 
9.50% 
9.73% 
69 
- 
21 December 2018 
24 June 2022 
- 
9.20% 
9.42% 
68 
- 
23 January 2017 
5 January 2032 
18 January 2023 
6.50% 
6.62% 
47 
- 
2 October 2017 
13 October 2032 
11 October 2023 
5.90% 
6.02% 
47 
- 
2 December 2014 
13 November 2029 
27 May 2021 
7.35% 
7.48% 
43 
- 
30 May 2017 
11 May 2032 
27 May 2021 
5.80% 
5.92% 
43 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
5.30% 
5.37% 
30 
- 
23 November 2017 
4 December 2032 
30 November 2023 
5.70% 
5.80% 
6 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
8.25% 
8.46% 
1 
- 
11 August 2016 
24 July 2031 
7 February 2022 
7.80% 
8.35% 
1 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Rouble denominated bonds 
1 594 
- 
The details of Rouble denominated bonds outstanding as at 31 December 2019 are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Offer date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest rate 
in millions of US Dollars 
Amortised cost 
Repurchased 
amount 
31 July 2018 
2 August 2021 
- 
7.90% 
8.06% 
168 
- 
21 February 2018 
4 March 2033 
26 February 2021 
7.35% 
7.50% 
166 
- 
6 March 2018 
17 March 2033 
9 September 2021 
7.35% 
7.49% 
165 
- 
12 April 2019 
13 April 2021 
- 
8.55% 
8.75% 
165 
- 
30 October 2018 
1 November 2021 
- 
8.95% 
9.16% 
164 
- 
9 August 2019 
11 August 2022 
- 
7.90% 
8.07% 
133 
- 
23 January 2017 
5 January 2032 
22 January 2020 
9.45% 
9.70% 
84 
- 
4 October 2016 
16 September 2031 
30 September 2021 
9.50% 
9.73% 
83 
- 
2 October 2017 
13 October 2032 
7 October 2020 
8.35% 
8.54% 
82 
- 
23 November 2017 
4 December 2032 
27 November 2020 
8.10% 
8.28% 
81 
- 
30 May 2017 
11 May 2032 
28 May 2020 
8.70% 
8.90% 
81 
- 
21 December 2018 
24 June 2022 
- 
9.20% 
9.42% 
81 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
14 September 2020 
7.25% 
7.54% 
37 
- 
2 December 2014 
13 November 2029 
27 May 2021 
7.35% 
7.48% 
51 
- 
12 May 2017 
8 May 2020 
- 
5.00% 
8.90% 
7 
- 
18 September 2014 
30 August 2029 
13 September 2021 
8.25% 
8.46% 
1 
- 
11 August 2016 
24 July 2031 
7 February 2022 
7.80% 
8.35% 
1 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Rouble denominated bonds 
1 550 
 
Promissory notes. Promissory notes comprise of securities in Russian Roubles, US Dollars and Euros issued 
by the Group with a discount to face value or with interest accrual. 
USD denominated Euro Commercial Paper Programme. On 2 February 2012 the Group established Euro 
Commercial Paper Programme (the “ECP Programme”) with a limit of the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding notes issued under the ECP Programme of USD 1 400 million. 
F-95

--- Page 390 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
55 
17 
Debt Securities Issued (Continued) 
The details of notes outstanding are disclosed below: 
Issue date 
Maturity date 
Effective 
interest rate 
Amortised cost in millions of US Dollars 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
24 July 2020 
23 July 2021 
2.75% 
49 
- 
17 July 2019 
15 July 2020 
3.83% 
- 
71 
16 May 2019 
14 May 2020 
3.84% 
- 
55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Euro Commercial Paper Notes 
49 
126 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of debt securities issued are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated 
fair value of debt securities issued is disclosed in Note 38. 
18 
Loan from the SDIA  
In September 2014 the SDIA provided Baltiyskiy Bank with a RR 57 400 million (equivalent of USD 1 537 million) 
loan carrying an interest rate of 0.51% p.a. and repayable on 3 September 2024 (except that earlier partial 
repayments are required in case of recovery of certain problem assets of Baltiyskiy Bank). The loan was recorded 
by the Group at the date of acquisition of Baltiyskiy Bank in 2014 at its fair value of RR 15 564 million (equivalent 
of USD 285 million) determined by discounting the future cash flows at interest rate of 15.65% p.a. 
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of loan from SDIA are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair value 
of loan from the SDIA is disclosed in Note 38. 
19 
Subordinated Debt 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Subordinated notes maturing in 2025 
 807 
847 
Subordinated loan from VEB maturing in 2020 
- 
462 
Subordinated notes maturing in 2020 
- 
217 
Subordinated loan maturing in 2023 
- 
40 
  
  
Total subordinated debt 
807 
1 566 
  
 
The details of subordinated debt outstanding as at 31 December 2020 are disclosed below: 
  
Receive/ issue 
date 
Maturity/ 
offer date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest 
rate 
Curren-
cy 
Nominal in 
millions of 
currency 
Repurchased 
amount in 
millions of US 
Dollars 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2025 
27 November 2019 
15 April 2025 
5.95% 
5.86% 
USD 
450 
- 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2025 
15 October 2019 
15 April 2025 
5.95% 
6.09% 
USD 
400 
54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-96

--- Page 391 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
56 
19 
Subordinated Debt (Continued) 
The details of subordinated debt outstanding as at 31 December 2019 are disclosed below: 
  
Receive/ issue 
date 
Maturity/ offer 
date 
Interest 
rate 
Effective 
interest 
rate 
Currency 
Nominal in 
millions of 
currency 
Repurchased 
amount in 
millions of 
US Dollars 
  
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2020 
27 November 2019 15 April 2025 
5.95% 
5.86% 
USD 
450 
- 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2025 
15 October 2019 
15 April 2025 
5.95% 
6.09% 
USD 
400 
12 
Subordinated loan 
from VEB maturing 
in 2020 
1 October 2009 
25 December 2020 
7.50% 
7.75% 
RUR 
29 181 
- 
Subordinated notes 
maturing in 2020 
18 November 2014 18 February 2020 
9.50% 
9.90% 
USD 
250 
42 
Subordinated loan 
maturing in 2023 
28 April 2016 
28 April 2023 
EURIBOR 
+ 4,50% 
EURIBOR 
+ 4,50% 
EUR 
35 
- 
  
Currency, maturity and interest rate analyses of subordinated debt are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair 
value of subordinated debt is disclosed in Note 38. 
20 
Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities 
The table below sets out movements in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities for each of the periods presented. 
The items of these liabilities are those that are reported as financing activities in the statement of cash flows. 
In millions of US Dollars 
Liabilities from financing activities 
Debt securities 
issued  
(Note 17) 
Loan from the 
SDIA (Note 18) 
Subordinated 
debt (Note 19) 
Lease 
liability  
(Note 21) 
Total 
 
Net debt as at 1 January 
2019 
3 259 
367 
1 195 
- 
4 821 
  
 
 
Transition to IFRS 16 
- 
- 
- 
136 
136 
Cash flows 
126 
(5) 
167 
(44) 
244 
- proceeds 
 794 
 - 
 829 
 - 
 1 623 
- repayment 
 (429) 
 - 
 (556) 
 (44) 
 (1 029) 
- interest paid 
 (239) 
 (5) 
 (106) 
 - 
 (350) 
Foreign exchange 
adjustments  
232 
44 
64 
17 
357 
Other non-cash movements  
259 
64 
140 
85 
548 
  
 
 
Net debt as at 
31 December 2019  
3 876 
470 
1 566 
194 
6 106 
  
 
 
Cash flows 
 (92) 
 (4) 
 (759) 
 (41) 
 (896) 
- proceeds 
 1 348 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1 348 
- repayment 
 (1 186) 
 - 
 (674) 
 (41) 
 (1 901) 
- interest paid 
 (254) 
 (4) 
 (85) 
 - 
 (343) 
Foreign exchange 
adjustments  
 (482) 
 (73) 
 (84) 
 (31) 
 (670) 
Other non-cash movements  
 362 
 59 
 84 
 (2) 
 503 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net debt as at 
31 December 2020 
3 664 
452 
807 
120 
5 043 
  
 
Other non-cash movements mainly include accrual of interest for the year and the effects of time value of money. 
 
F-97

--- Page 392 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
57 
21 
Other Financial Liabilities 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
2020 
2019 
 
Other financial liabilities at AC 
Trade creditors 
55 
58 
Provision for losses on credit related and other commitments 
33 
42 
39 
Loyalty programs liability and commissions deferral 
 
38 
39 
Accrued deposit insurance expenses 
 
25 
36 
Deferred commissions from guarantees  
9 
23 
Plastic card and other settlements with clients 
 
5 
5 
Other 
100 
60 
  
  
Total other financial liabilities at AC 
274 
260 
  
  
Lease liabilities 
 
120 
194 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
37 
657 
661 
Payables on operations with securities 
 
16 
11 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Total other financial liabilities at FVTPL 
 
673 
672 
 
 
 
 
 
Total other financial liabilities 
1 067 
1126 
  
Currency and maturity analyses of other financial liabilities are disclosed in Note 31. The estimated fair value of 
other financial liabilities is disclosed in Note 38. 
22 
Other Liabilities 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Accrued staff costs 
 266 
 246 
Taxation payable, other than on income 
 39 
 52 
Current income tax payable 
 3 
 11 
Government grant 
- 
 9 
Other 
 58 
 40 
  
 
 
Total other liabilities 
366 
358 
  
23 
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2020 and 2019 authorised, issued and fully paid share capital of ABH Financial Limited 
comprised 6 324 000 preference shares and 1 258 476 000 ordinary shares. All shares had a nominal value of 
USD 1 per share and rank equally except that the preference shares are entitled to distributions (1) in priority to 
ordinary shares and (2) on the basis of distributable profits determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
Each share carries one vote. 
In October 2020 the Company declared and paid dividends in kind on preference shares in the amount of USD 183 
million (approximately USD 28.98 per preference share). 
In March 2020 the Company declared and paid dividends on preference shares in the amount of USD 80 million 
(approximately USD 12.65 per preference share). 
In April 2019 the Company declared and paid dividends on preference shares in the amount of USD 28 million 
(approximately USD 4.39 per preference share). 
F-98

--- Page 393 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
58 
24 
Perpetual Instruments 
In January 2019 the CBRF has registered Alfa-Bank programme for the issuance of local perpetual subordinated 
bonds. The size of a single issue may vary, while the total amount of outstanding obligations under the programme 
should not exceed RR 21 000 million or its equivalent as at 31 December 2020. The bonds can be offered to 
qualified investors only. Alfa-Bank may use this instrument depending on its capital needs and market situation. 
On 27 June 2019 the Group issued RR 5 000 million (equivalent of USD 80 million) Perpetual subordinated bonds 
with no stated maturity and a right to repay the bonds at its discretion quarterly starting from 19 September 2024. 
The issue proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 79 million. The bonds bear a fixed interest rate of 
11.75% p.a. payable quarterly starting from 26 September 2019 Interest payments may be cancelled by the Group 
any time and are not accumulated. If the Group does not execute its right to repay the bonds on 19 September 
2024 then the bonds will bear fixed interest rate of 4.46% p.a. plus zero-coupon yield curve variance for the 
Russian government bond market for the five years period and it will be refixed every 5 years thereafter. 
On 30 January 2018 the Group issued Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes in the amount of USD 500 
million with no stated maturity and a right to repay the notes at its discretion quarterly starting from 30 April 2023. 
The issue proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 499 million. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of 
6.95% p.a. payable quarterly starting from 30 April 2018. Interest payments may be cancelled by the Group any 
time. If the Group does not execute its right to repay the notes on 30 April 2023 then the interest rate is re-set at 
the relevant US Treasury Rate plus 4.572% p.a. and it will be refixed every 5 years thereafter. 
On 3 November 2016 the Group issued Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes in the amount of USD 400 
million. The issue proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 400 million. On 23 December 2016 the 
Group issued further Perpetual subordinated loan participation notes in the amount of USD 300 million. The issue 
proceeds net of transaction cost were equal to USD 301 million. These two Perpetual subordinated loan 
participation notes issues formed a single issue in the total nominal amount of USD 700 million. The notes have 
no stated maturity and the Group has a right to repay the notes at its discretion quarterly starting from 3 February 
2022. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of 8.0% p.a. payable quarterly starting from 3 February 2017. Interest 
payments may be cancelled by the Group any time. If the Group does not execute its right to repay the notes on 
3 February 2022 then the interest rate is re-set at the relevant US Treasury Rate plus 6.659% p.a. and it will be 
refixed every 5 years thereafter.  
Since the notes have no stated maturity and the Group has no contractual obligation to repay the principal and it 
can cancel any interest payment, the Group has classified the notes as an equity instrument. Interest payments 
made are treated as a distribution and recorded directly in equity at the date of distribution. 
25 
Net Margin 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
Loans and advances to corporate customers 
1 638 
1 942 
Loans and advances to individuals 
1 406 
1 210 
Investments at AC and repurchase receivables 
144 
166 
Debt investments at FVOCI and repurchase receivables 
138 
206 
Due from other banks 
98 
171 
  
 
 
Total interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
3 424 
3 695 
  
 
 
Other similar income 
 
 
Finance lease receivables 
212 
221 
Debt securities and repurchase receivables at FVTPL 
50 
43 
Other 
5 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total other similar income 
267 
273 
  
 
F-99

--- Page 394 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
59 
25 
Net Margin (Continued) 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
 
Interest expense calculated using the effective interest method 
 
Term deposits of legal entities 
 407 
 550 
Current/settlement accounts 
 299 
 284 
Debt securities issued 
 243 
 248 
Term deposits of individuals 
 226 
 327 
Due to other banks 
 97 
 130 
Subordinated debt 
 80 
 103 
Loan from the SDIA 
 63 
 62 
  
 
 
Total interest expense calculated using the effective interest method 
1 415 
1 704 
  
  
 
Other similar expense 
 7 
14 
  
  
 
Deposit insurance expense 
 98 
133 
  
  
 
Net margin 
2 171 
2 117 
  
Deposit insurance expense includes regular contributions to the SDIA. 
Refer to Note 39 for details of related party transactions. 
26 
Fee and Commission Income and Expense 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Fee and commission income 
Commission on operations with plastic cards 
 638 
692 
Commission on settlement transactions 
 610 
539 
Agency commission on insurance operations 
 223 
166 
Commission on cash and foreign currency exchange transactions 
 98 
94 
Commission on guarantees issued 
 31 
28 
Other 
 85 
50 
  
 
 
Total fee and commission income 
1 685 
1 569 
  
 
 
Fee and commission expense 
 
Commission on operations with plastic cards 
 327 
390 
Commission for consulting services 
 27 
29 
Commission on settlement transactions 
 19 
21 
Commission on cash and foreign currency exchange transactions 
 7 
6 
Commission on transactions with securities 
 6 
4 
Other 
 58 
75 
  
 
 
Total fee and commission expense 
444 
525 
  
 
 
Net fee and commission income 
1 241 
1 044 
  
 
Refer to Note 39 for details of related party transactions. 
F-100

--- Page 395 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
60 
27 
Gains Less Losses Arising from Foreign Currencies 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Foreign exchange translation gains less losses 
1 122 
(452) 
Gains less losses arising from trading in foreign currencies 
(905) 
227 
  
 
 
Total gains less losses arising from foreign currencies 
217 
(225) 
  
  
  
Gains less losses arising from trading in foreign currencies include result from hedge of net investment in foreign 
operations (Note 37). 
Refer to Note 37 for the information on the total amount of the effective portion of the foreign currency exchange 
gains or losses recorded on hedging instruments the Group used to hedge net investment in foreign operations. 
28 
Operating Expenses 
In millions of US Dollars 
Note 
2020 
2019 
Staff costs 
 
 783 
 743 
Expenses related to premises and equipment 
 83 
 64 
Consulting and professional services 
 65 
 64 
Computer and telecommunications expenses 
 63 
 92 
Depreciation of premises and equipment 
14 
 57 
 58 
Advertising and marketing 
 
 57 
 79 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
13 
 52 
 57 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
14 
 42 
 37 
Maintenance 
 16 
 19 
Administrative expenses 
 14 
 15 
Taxes other than income tax 
 
 7 
 7 
Short-term and variable payments leases 
 6 
 18 
Travel expenses 
 2 
 5 
Other 
 
 35 
 60 
  
  
 
 
Total operating expenses 
1 282 
1 318 
  
  
Staff costs include contributions to the Russian state pension plan made by the Group for its personnel employed 
in Russia in the amount of USD 98 million (2019: USD 102 million). The state pension plan is classified as a 
defined contribution plan because the Group does not have any legal or constructive obligation to make further 
contributions if the state pension plan would not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to 
employees’ past service.  
Refer to Note 39 for details of related party transactions. 
F-101

--- Page 396 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
61 
29 
Income Taxes 
Income tax expense comprises the following: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
 
Current tax 
125 
385 
Deferred tax 
248 
(114) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense for the year 
373 
271 
 
The statutory income tax rate applicable to the majority of Alfa-Bank’s income is 20% (2019: 20%). 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
IFRS profit before tax 
1 720 
975 
  
 
 
Theoretical tax charge at the statutory rate (2020: 20%; 2019: 20%) 
 344 
195 
Tax effect of items which are not deductible or assessable for taxation purposes: 
 
- Non-deductible expenses 
 54 
45 
- Net result on activities taxed at different rates 
(4) 
3 
- Foreign exchange on perpetual instruments 
(31) 
 22 
- Interest expense on perpetual instruments 
(12) 
(15) 
- Other 
 22 
21 
  
 
 
Income tax expense for the year 
 373 
271 
  
Differences between IFRS and statutory taxation regulations in Russia and other countries give rise to certain 
temporary differences between the carrying amount of certain assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes 
and their tax bases. The tax effect of the movement of these temporary differences is detailed below and recorded 
mainly at the rate of 20% (2019: 20%), except for income on state securities that is taxed at 15% and dividend 
income that is taxed at 13%. 
F-102

--- Page 397 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
62 
29 
Income Taxes (Continued) 
The Group has not recorded a deferred tax liability in respect of temporary differences associated with investments 
in subsidiaries as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of those temporary differences and does 
not intend to reverse them in the foreseeable future. 
In millions of US Dollars 
31 December 
2019 
Translation 
movement 
recorded in 
other 
comprehen-
sive income 
Recorded in 
profit or loss 
Recorded in 
other 
comprehen-
sive income 
31 December 
2020 
Tax effect of deductible temporary 
differences 
 
 
 
 
Accruals 
167 
(28) 
- 
- 
139 
Financial assets at FVTPL and 
Investments 
23 
(4) 
(19) 
- 
- 
Tax loss carry forwards 
14 
(2) 
(3) 
- 
9 
Other impairment provisions 
13 
(2) 
4 
- 
15 
Derivative financial instruments 
24 
6 
(4) 
(4) 
22 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross deferred tax asset 
241 
(30) 
(22) 
(4) 
185 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax netted off within individual 
entities 
(241) 
30 
22 
4 
(185) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax asset 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tax effect of taxable temporary 
differences 
 
 
 
 
 
Loan from the SDIA 
(86) 
14 
12 
- 
(60) 
Premises and equipment 
(65) 
11 
(6) 
(2) 
(62) 
Financial assets at FVTPL and 
Investments 
- 
- 
(59) 
- 
(59) 
Credit loss allowance 
(100) 
16 
(163) 
- 
(247) 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Receivables on financial leasing 
(48) 
8 
(6) 
- 
(46) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross deferred tax liability 
 (299) 
49  
 (222) 
 (2) 
 (474) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax netted off within individual 
entities 
241 
(30) 
(22) 
(4) 
185 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax liability 
(58) 
19 
(244) 
(6) 
(289) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect of translation of deferred taxation at 
average rates 
- 
4 
(4) 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total net deferred tax liability 
(58) 
23 
(248) 
(6) 
(289) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-103

--- Page 398 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
63 
29 
Income Taxes (Continued) 
In millions of US Dollars 
31 December 
2018 
Translation 
movement 
recorded in 
other 
comprehen-
sive income 
Recorded in 
profit or loss 
Recorded in 
other 
comprehen-
sive income 
31 December 
2019 
Tax effect of deductible temporary 
differences 
 
 
 
 
Accruals 
161 
21 
(15) 
- 
167 
Financial assets at FVTPL and 
Investments 
- 
- 
23 
- 
23 
Tax loss carry forwards 
15 
2 
(3) 
- 
14 
Other impairment provisions 
7 
1 
5 
- 
13 
Derivative financial instruments 
- 
- 
(39) 
63 
24 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross deferred tax asset 
183 
24 
(29) 
63 
241 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax netted off within individual 
entities 
(183) 
(24) 
29 
(63) 
(241) 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax asset 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tax effect of taxable temporary 
differences 
 
 
 
 
Loan from the SDIA 
(87) 
(11) 
12 
- 
(86) 
Premises and equipment 
(61) 
(8) 
4 
- 
(65) 
Financial assets at FVTPL and 
Investments 
(25) 
(3) 
28 
- 
- 
Credit loss allowance 
(133) 
(15) 
48 
- 
(100) 
Derivative financial instruments 
(62) 
(8) 
70 
- 
- 
Receivables on financial leasing 
(30) 
(4) 
(14) 
- 
(48) 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross deferred tax liability 
(398) 
(49) 
148 
- 
(299) 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax netted off within individual 
entities 
183 
24 
(29) 
63 
241 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax liability 
(215) 
(25) 
119 
63 
(58) 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect of translation of deferred taxation at 
average rates 
- 
5 
(5) 
- 
- 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total net deferred tax liability 
(215) 
(20) 
114 
63 
(58) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the context of the Group’s current structure, tax losses and current tax assets of different companies may not 
be offset against current tax liabilities and taxable profits of other companies and, accordingly, taxes may accrue 
even where there is a net consolidated tax loss. Therefore, a deferred tax asset of one company of the Group 
may not be offset against a deferred tax liability of another company. 
F-104

--- Page 399 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
64 
30 
Segment Analysis 
The Group’s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services:  
• 
Corporate and investment banking - comprises corporate lending, leasing, corporate deposit services, trade 
finance operations and structured corporate lending, securities trading, debt and equity capital markets 
services, derivative products, corporate finance advisory services and merger and acquisition advice.  
• 
Medium, small and micro banking - comprises customer current accounts, savings, deposits, settlements, 
cash services and providing loans to individual entrepreneurs, small and medium businesses. 
• 
Retail banking - comprises retail demand and term deposit services, credit and debit card services, retail 
lending (including consumer (POS) loans and personal instalment loans, car loans and mortgages), money 
transfers and private banking services. 
• 
Treasury - comprises the Group’s wholesale funding, internal funding reallocation, liquidity and risk 
management activities. 
These segments are managed separately because each of them requires formulating a different strategy and 
uses different operational platforms. The Group evaluates segment performance on the basis of profit or loss 
before tax. Segment performance is regularly reviewed by the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). 
The CODM has been identified as the members of the Executive Board of Alfa-Bank.  
The accounting policies of the operating segments are materially the same as those described in the summary of 
significant accounting policies except for: (i) use of a transfer pricing system, (ii) different classification of certain 
lines of income and expenses including other comprehensive income items and (iii) some balances and operations 
are excluded from segment analysis since they are monitored separately and on a less regular basis (including 
situations when balance is not allocated and related income or expense are allocated for the segment analysis 
and vice versa). In accordance with the transfer pricing system used by the Group funds are generally reallocated 
at internal interest rates set by the Treasury Department of the Group, which are determined by reference to 
market interest rate benchmarks, contractual maturities for loans and observed actual maturities of customer 
accounts balances.  
F-105

--- Page 400 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
65 
30 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
Segment information for the reportable segments of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 is set out 
below: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate and 
Investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro banking 
Retail banking 
Treasury 
Total 
External revenues 
Interest income calculated 
using the effective interest 
method 
1 363 
430 
1 389 
195 
3 377 
Other similar income  
267 
- 
- 
- 
267 
Fee and commission income 
197 
660 
824 
6 
1 687 
Other operating income 
- 
1 
2 
1 
4 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Total external revenues 
1 827 
1 091 
2 215 
202 
5 335 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income from other 
segments 
387 
489 
770 
2 945 
4 591 
Fee and commission income 
from other segments 
- 
- 
- 
17 
17 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Total segment revenues  
2 214 
1 580 
2 985 
3 164 
9 943 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense to other 
segments 
(1 171) 
(242) 
(721) 
(2 502) 
(4 636) 
Interest expense calculated 
using the effective interest 
method 
(293) 
(184) 
(493) 
(534) 
(1 504) 
Net credit loss allowance 
charge 
(123) 
(48) 
(510) 
56 
(625) 
Fee and commission expense 
(79) 
(89) 
(251) 
(5) 
(424) 
Fee and commission expense 
to other segments 
(8) 
(6) 
1 
- 
(13) 
Gains less losses from 
investments 
40 
- 
- 
25 
65 
Gains less losses from foreign 
currencies 
105 
7 
64 
(179) 
(3) 
Other provisions 
(2) 
(4) 
(16) 
5 
(17) 
Operating expenses 
(122) 
(213) 
(304) 
(10) 
(649) 
Allocated operating expenses 
(83) 
(139) 
(278) 
(7) 
(507) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Segment result 
478 
662 
477 
13 
1 630 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets 
29 856 
7 189 
11 080 
9 087 
57 212 
Segment liabilities 
10 178 
10 946 
20 660 
9 781 
51 565 
  
 
F-106

--- Page 401 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
66 
30 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
Segment information for the reportable segments of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out 
below: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Corporate and 
Investment 
banking 
Medium, 
small and 
micro banking 
Retail banking 
Treasury 
Total 
External revenues 
Interest income calculated 
using the effective interest 
method 
1 738 
414 
1 185 
311 
3 648 
Other similar income  
273 
- 
- 
- 
273 
Fee and commission income 
221 
568 
789 
9 
1 587 
Other operating income 
1 
- 
2 
- 
3 
  
Total external revenues 
2 233 
982 
1 976 
320 
5 511 
  
Interest income from other 
segments 
469 
526 
956 
3 622 
5 573 
Fee and commission income 
from other segments 
- 
- 
- 
24 
24 
  
Total segment revenues  
2 702 
1 508 
2 932 
3 966 
11 108 
  
Interest expense to other 
segments 
(1 579) 
(273) 
(677) 
(3 067) 
(5 596) 
Interest expense calculated 
using the effective interest 
method 
(359) 
(246) 
(635) 
(632) 
(1 872) 
Net credit loss allowance 
charge 
(275) 
(44) 
(243) 
(37) 
(599) 
Fee and commission expense 
(87) 
(61) 
(330) 
(4) 
(482) 
Fee and commission expense 
to other segments 
(8) 
(16) 
- 
- 
(24) 
Gains less losses from 
investments 
53 
- 
- 
(3) 
50 
Gains less losses from foreign 
currencies 
80 
6 
71 
(216) 
(59) 
Other provisions 
(2) 
- 
(22) 
- 
(24) 
Operating expenses 
(101) 
(221) 
(409) 
(9) 
(740) 
Allocated operating expenses 
(99) 
(128) 
(193) 
(6) 
(426) 
  
Segment result 
325 
525 
494 
(8) 
1 336 
  
31 December 2020 
Segment assets 
30 287 
4 040 
9 971 
10 661 
54 959 
Segment liabilities 
9 508 
9 911 
19 798 
10 687 
49 904 
  
 
F-107

--- Page 402 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
67 
30 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
A reconciliation of the revenue for reportable segments to the Group’s total revenue for the year is as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segment revenues  
9 943 
11 108 
Interest income from other segments 
(4 591) 
(5 573) 
Fee and commission income from other segments 
(17) 
(24) 
Unallocated subsidiary banks' external revenues 
 44 
 61 
Other non-reportable segments' unallocated amounts 
 8 
(6) 
Differences in translation to presentation currency 
 3 
(16) 
  
  
  
 
 
Total Group's revenues 
5 390 
5 550 
  
  
  
 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
3 424 
3 695 
Other similar income  
 267 
 273 
Fee and commission income 
1 685 
1 569 
Other operating income 
 14 
 13 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Total Group's revenues 
5 390 
5 550 
  
A reconciliation of the segments’ result to the Group‘s total profit before tax for the year is as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments' result 
1 630 
1 336 
Credit loss allowance unallocated to segments (except related to subsidiary 
bank) 
(19) 
(55) 
Subsidiary banks' loss before tax 
(64) 
(21) 
Discretionary interest payments on perpetual instruments 
73 
77 
Effect of translation of the financial statements of foreign operations and 
related hedge 
208 
(172) 
Other non-reportable segments' unallocated results 
17 
(95) 
Interest expense on loan from the SDIA unallocated to segments 
(63) 
(62) 
Gains less losses on investments FVOCI 
- 
(1) 
Gains less losses from transactions with perpetual instruments 
(19) 
- 
Other 
(43) 
(32) 
  
 
 
 
Profit before tax 
1 720 
975 
  
Reportable segments’ assets are reconciled to total assets as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments' assets 
57 212 
54 959 
Items unallocated to segments: 
 
Unallocated assets of subsidiary bank 
1 470 
1 490 
Cash on hand 
1 455 
1 140 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks 
436 
422 
Loans and advances to customers unallocated to segments 
- 
96 
Other financial assets 
65 
100 
Other assets 
353 
443 
Premises and equipment 
859 
816 
  
 
 
Total Group's assets  
61 850 
59 466 
  
F-108

--- Page 403 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
68 
30 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
Reportable segments’ liabilities are reconciled to total liabilities as follows: 
 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments' liabilities 
51 565 
49 904 
Items unallocated to segments: 
 
Unallocated liabilities of subsidiary bank 
1 697 
1 778 
Other financial liabilities 
180 
 192 
Other liabilities 
366 
 358 
Deferred tax liability 
289 
 58 
Perpetual instruments 
(918) 
(966) 
  
 
 
Total Group's liabilities 
53 179 
51 324 
  
 
Reportable segments’ interest income is reconciled to total interest income as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments' interest income 
3 377 
3 648 
Unallocated interest income related to subsidiary bank 
 41 
59 
Other non-reportable segments' interest income 
 10 
6 
Differences in translation to presentation currency 
(2) 
(15) 
Other 
(2) 
(3) 
  
 
 
Total Group's interest income 
3 424 
3 695 
  
Reportable segments’ interest expense is reconciled to total interest expense as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments' interest expense 
(1 504) 
(1 872) 
Unallocated interest expense related to subsidiary bank 
(74) 
(92) 
Deposit insurance expense 
 98 
133 
Other non-reportable segments' interest expense 
 4 
4 
Discretionary interest payments on perpetual instruments 
 73 
77 
Reclassification of interest to fee expenses 
- 
30 
Differences in translation to presentation currency 
(2) 
7 
Other 
(10) 
9 
 
 
Total Group's interest expense 
(1 415) 
(1 704) 
  
 
Reportable segments’ credit loss allowance is reconciled to total credit loss allowance as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments’ credit loss allowance 
(625) 
(599) 
Unallocated credit loss allowance related to subsidiary bank 
(30) 
 2 
Credit loss allowance unallocated to segments 
(19) 
(55) 
 
 
Total Group’s credit loss allowance 
(674) 
(652) 
  
F-109

--- Page 404 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
69 
30 
Segment Analysis (Continued) 
Reportable segments’ operating expenses and allocated operating expenses are reconciled to total Group’s 
operating expenses as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Segments’ operating expenses and allocated operating expenses 
(1 155) 
(1 166) 
Unallocated operating expense related to subsidiary bank 
(41) 
(56) 
Other non-reportable segments' operating expense 
(71) 
(106) 
Differences in translation to presentation currency 
(15) 
10 
  
  
 
Total Group's operating expense 
(1 282) 
(1 318) 
  
The Group’s revenues from external customers are analysed by products and services in Notes 25 and 26.  
The vast majority of the Group’s revenues from external customers are attributed to customers domiciled in the 
Russian Federation. Revenues from external customers domiciled in other countries are below the threshold for 
separate disclosure in these consolidated financial statements. The vast majority of non-financial assets are also 
located in the Russian Federation. 
31 
Financial Risk Management 
The Group systematically exploits the opportunities available to it to achieve its growth targets without losing sight 
of the related risks. The Group applies across all product lines a unified risk management practice comprising 
credit risk, market risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and operational risk management. The primary 
objective of the Group’s risk management is to achieve an optimal level of risk-return for its operations. The Group 
continues to enhance its risk management.  
The financial risk management function establishes risk limits and ensures that exposure to risks stays within 
these limits. The operational risk management functions are intended to ensure proper functioning of internal 
processes and procedures to minimise the Group’s exposure to internal and external risk factors. 
The Group's approach to managing risks is composed of following elements: (i) risk governance, (ii) risk 
identification, (iii) risk assessment, management and control, and (iv) risk reporting. 
Subsidiaries of the Group have own unified risk management bodies depending on their size and risk profiles 
aimed at effective and efficient governance and decision making.  
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the implementation of the risk management framework, 
including, but not limited to review and approval of the Risk and capital management strategy, procedure of 
significant risks management, risk-appetite, internal ratings-based (“IRB”) models and validation reports. The 
Board of Directors also approves significant exposures, affiliated and related party transactions, which exceed the 
specific limits. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the internal control framework, assessing the adequacy of risk 
management and compliance policies and procedures. It convenes regularly and provides recommendations to 
the Board of Directors on development of the risk management framework as well as its views on the quality of 
risk management and compliance. 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for reviewing and developing the remuneration framework, including 
recommendations to the Board of Directors. 
The Risk Committee is responsible for preliminary consideration, analysis and proposals to the Board of Directors 
of the following key subjects: oversight the risk and capital management strategy, establishing risk appetite, 
monitoring the effectiveness of the risk management system, improvement of risk-culture and "Three lines of 
defence" model, IRB models and validation. 
F-110

--- Page 405 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
70 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The Executive Board is responsible for implementation and monitoring of risk mitigation measures. The Executive 
Board monitors that the Group operates within the established risk parameters. The Executive Board approves risks 
which exceed the individual authority of the relevant committees. The Executive Board is responsible for approval of 
procedures for risk and capital management and stress-testing based on the Risk and capital management strategy 
approved by the Board of Directors. It ensures internal capital adequacy assessment procedures (“ICAAP”) and 
maintains capital adequacy higher than minimum regulatory requirements, as well as considers ICAAP reporting. 
Risks are managed and controlled through a system of relevant committee (in order to facilitate efficient decision-
making, the Group has established a hierarchy of credit committees depending on the type and amount of the 
exposure): a) non-retail credit risk through the Non-Retail Credit Committees, b) retail credit risk through the Retail 
and Mass Risk Committee, c) Market, Liquidity and Interest rate risk through the Asset and Liability Management 
Committee (“ALCO”), d) operational risk through the Operational Risk Steering Committee.  
The Risk Management Department is responsible for the overall risk management functions, ensuring the 
implementation of common principles and methods for identifying, measuring, managing and reporting risks. The 
Risk Management Department deals with non-retail credit risk, counterparty credit risk, retail credit risks along 
with market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk (together with the Treasury Department). The 
department structure is geared to bring focus on proactive portfolio management and to perform an extensive 
program of risk management processes and models improvements with ultimate goal to satisfy Basel II and III 
standards for risk management.  
Corporate bad debts are managed through the Problem Loans Department that is independent from the Risk 
Management Department. Corporate problem loans are approved by the Main Credit Committee. The Non-Retail 
Default Committee is responsible for approval defaults and recovery period of borrowers (group of borrowers). 
In relation to retail business, the Bad Debt Management Department executes the bad debt management strategy 
developed by the Retail Credit Risk Management Division and the Bad Debt Management Department. Default 
process is mainly automated, methodology is approved by the Chairman of the Executive Board. 
Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V. has its own Risk Management and Treasury departments, operating in a way similar 
to Alfa-Bank. 
Risk identification. Both external and internal risk factors are identified and managed throughout the Group's 
organisational structure. Particular attention is given to developing risk overviews that are used to identify the full 
range of risk factors and serve as a basis for determining the level of assurance over the current risk mitigation 
procedures. An overview of the key risks is regularly reported to the CRO, members of the risk management 
committees, the Executive Board and the Board of Directors.  
Risk assessment, management and control. The Group's risk assessment, reporting and control procedures 
vary by type of risk, but share a common methodology developed and updated by the Risk Management 
Department. Compliance with the Group’s standards is supported by periodic reviews undertaken by the Internal 
Audit Department. The results of Internal Audit reviews are discussed with the management of the business units 
to which they relate and presented to the Audit Committee and the senior management of the Group. 
Risk Reporting. Risk reporting represents a comprehensive reporting system that provides the senior management 
with the summary information about significant risks, risk-appetite and consequences of changes of the operating 
environment. Regular risk reporting includes results on risk identification and analysis of significant risks through the 
set of indicators, analysis of the available capital and capital adequacy estimation, stress-testing results. 
Risk-appetite and significant risks. The Group indicates significant risks and defines risk-appetite for each 
significant risk disclosed below: 
• 
Non-retail credit risk 
• 
Counterparty credit risk 
• 
Retail credit risk 
• 
Market risk  
• 
Interest rate risk 
• 
Operational risk 
• 
Liquidity risk 
• 
Concentration risk 
F-111

--- Page 406 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
71 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Credit risk. The Group exposes itself to credit risk, which is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will 
cause a financial loss for the other party by failing to meet an obligation.  
Exposure to credit risk arises as a result of the Group’s lending and other transactions with counterparties, giving 
rise to financial assets and off-balance sheet credit-related commitments.  
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk is reflected in the carrying amounts of financial assets in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. For financial guarantees issued, commitments to extend credit, 
undrawn credit lines and export/import letters of credit, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the amount of the 
commitment.  
Credit risk management. Credit risk is the single largest risk for the Group's business; management therefore 
carefully manages its exposure to credit risk.  
The estimation of credit risk for risk management purposes is complex and involves the use of models, as the risk 
varies depending on market conditions, expected cash flows and the passage of time. The assessment of credit 
risk for a portfolio of assets entails further estimations of the likelihood of defaults occurring, the associated loss 
ratios and credit conversion factors. 
Limits. The Group structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount of risk accepted 
in relation to one borrower, or groups of borrowers, and to geographical and industry segments. Limits on the 
level of credit risk by product and industry sector are approved regularly by management. Such risks are monitored 
on a revolving basis and are subject to an annual, or more frequent, review.  
The Group established a number of credit committees that are responsible for approving credit limits for individual 
borrowers. Depending on the magnitude of credit risk, the decisions on transactions with corporate clients are 
approved either by the Main Credit Committee or the Small Credit Committee. These committees convene weekly. 
In certain circumstances (for example, based on tenor or size) loans are approved by the Executive Board or the 
Board of Directors. Authority to approve deals with insignificant credit limits are delegated by the Executive Board 
to the special groups within Corporate and Investment Bank and the Risk Management Department under the 
“4 eyes” principle. 
Loan applications originated by the relevant client relationship managers are passed on to the relevant credit 
committee for the approval of the credit limit. Exposure to credit risk is also managed, in part, by obtaining 
collateral as well as corporate and personal guarantees. In order to monitor exposure to credit risk, regular reports 
are produced by the officers based on a structured analysis focusing on the customer’s business and financial 
performance. Any significant interaction with customers with deteriorating creditworthiness are reported to and 
reviewed by the Executive Board or the Board of Directors.  
Credit risk grading system. For measuring credit risk and grading financial instruments by the amount of credit 
risk, the Group applies two approaches – an Internal Rating-Based (IRB) system or risk grades estimated by 
external international rating agencies (S&P, Fitch, Moody’s). 
In accordance with the internal rating loans and advances to customers and investments at AC assigned in one 
of the following rating categories: 
• 
First class – strong credit quality with low expected credit risk 
• 
Good and standard – adequate credit quality with a moderate credit risk 
• 
Acceptable – moderate credit quality with a satisfactory credit risk 
• 
Weak – facilities that require closer monitoring and remedial management 
• 
Impaired – facilities in which a default has occurred.  
The IRB system is designed internally and ratings are estimated by the Group itself. Various credit-risk estimating 
techniques are used by the Group depending on the class of the asset. There are three commonly used types of 
such systems: 
• 
Model-based – In this system, credit risk ratings are assigned by internally developed statistical models 
with the limited involvement of credit officers. Statistical models include qualitative and quantitative 
information that shows the best predictive power based on historical data on defaults. 
F-112

--- Page 407 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
72 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
• 
Expert judgement-based – In this system, credit risk ratings are assigned subjectively by experienced credit 
officers based on internally developed methodology and different qualitative and quantitative factors. This 
approach is based on expert methodology and judgements rather than on sophisticated statistical models. 
• 
Hybrid – This rating system is a combination of the two systems above. It is developed by using historical 
data combined with expert input. 
The Group applies IRB systems for measurement of credit risk for the following financial assets: interbank loans 
with Russian counterparties, corporate and retail loans, corporate bonds. 
The rating models are regularly reviewed by the Risk Management Department, backtested on actual default data 
and updated if necessary. Despite the method used, the Group regularly validates the accuracy of ratings 
estimates and appraises the predictive power of the models. 
Assessment of the credit quality of cash and cash equivalents, debt trading securities, due from other banks and 
debt investments at FVOCI are based on the counterparties' long-term credit ratings assigned by international 
rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Services and Fitch Ratings and in accordance with 
the internal rating methodology:  
• 
First class - banks and companies with minimal probability of default and with ratings above BB+ by 
Standard & Poor's and FitchRaings, Ba1 by Moody's Investors Services and BB+ in accordance with the 
internal rating methodology. 
• 
Good and standard - banks and companies with long-term credit rating from BB- to BB by Standard & 
Poor's and FitchRaings, Ba3 to Ba2 by Moody's Investors Services and from BB- to BB in accordance with 
the internal rating methodology. 
• 
Acceptable - banks and companies with long-term credit rating from B- to B+ by Standard & Poor's and 
FitchRaings, B3 to B1 by Moody's Investors Services and from B- to B+ in accordance with the internal 
rating methodology. 
• 
Weak - banks and companies with long-term credit rating from CCC+ to C by Standard & Poor's and 
FitchRaings, Caa1 and Ca by Moody's Investors Services and CCC in accordance with the internal rating 
methodology. 
• 
Impaired - banks and companies with long-term credit rating below C by Standard & Poor's and 
FitchRaings, Ca by Moody's Investors Services and below CCC in accordance with the internal rating 
methodology. 
External ratings are assigned to counterparties by independent international rating agencies, such as S&P, 
Moody’s and Fitch. These ratings are publicly available. Such ratings and the corresponding range of PDs are 
applied for the following financial instruments if these instruments are not covered by IRB rating systems: 
interbank placements to foreign counterparties, loans to sovereigns, and investments in debt securities 
(government, corporate and municipal bonds, and Eurobonds and promissory notes purchased). 
Alfa-Bank submitted an application to the CBRF for transition on IRB models for corporate loans. 
Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement – definitions 
ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of the present value of future cash shortfalls (i.e., the weighted average of 
credit losses, with the respective risks of default occurring in a given time period used as weights). An ECL 
measurement is unbiased and determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes. ECL measurement is 
based on four components used by the Group: Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”), Loss 
Given Default (“LGD”) and Discount Rate. 
Exposure at Default (EAD) – an estimate of exposure at a future default date, taking into account expected 
changes in exposure after the reporting date, including repayments of principal and interest, and expected 
drawdowns on committed facilities. 
Probability of Default (PD) – an estimate of the likelihood of default to occur over a given time period. 
Loss Given Default (LGD) – an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the 
contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, including from any collateral. It is 
expressed as a percentage of the EAD. 
F-113

--- Page 408 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
73 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Discount Rate – a tool to discount an expected loss to the present value at the reporting date. The discount rate 
represents the effective interest rate (EIR) for the financial instrument or an approximation thereof. 
Lifetime period – the maximum period over which ECL should be measured. For loans with fixed maturity, the 
lifetime period is equal to the remaining contractual period. For loan commitments and financial guarantee 
contracts, this is the maximum contractual period over which an entity has a present contractual obligation to 
extend credit. For credit cards issued to individuals, it is the period that is based on internal statistics, and it is 
equal to 3 years. 
Lifetime ECL – losses that result from all possible default events over the remaining lifetime period of the financial 
instrument. 
12-month ECL – the portion of lifetime ECLs that represent the ECLs resulting from default events on a financial 
instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date that are limited by the remaining contractual 
life of the financial instrument. For those instruments without contractual life - 12 months are used. 
Forward looking information – the information that includes the key macroeconomic variables impacting credit risk 
and expected credit losses for each portfolio segment. Among other factors the Group analyses: 
• 
oil and natural gas price dynamics; 
• 
Russian stock market index MOEX dynamics; 
• 
dynamics of the money supply, which includes changes in volumes of currency in circulation, demand and 
saving deposits and liquid securities. 
Credit Conversion Factor (CCF) – a coefficient that shows the probability of conversion of an off-balance sheet 
amounts to exposure on the balance within a defined period. It can be calculated for a 12-month or lifetime period. 
Based on the analysis performed, the Group considers that 12-month and lifetime CCFs are the same.  
Purchased or originated credit impaired (POCI) financial assets – financial assets that are credit-impaired upon 
initial recognition. 
Low credit risk financial assets – assets that have an investment grade defined by external rating agencies or 
corresponding internal rating, debt instruments issued by Russian Federation and denominated in RUR, loans to 
companies owned by the Russian Federation and denominated in RUR. The presumption, being that there have 
been significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition when financial assets are more than 30 days past 
due, has not been rebutted. 
Default and credit-impaired asset – a loan is in default, meaning fully aligned with the definition of credit-impaired, 
when it meets one or more of the following criteria: 
• 
the borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments; 
• 
the Group consider to sell the borrower’s debt with significant losses (more than 5% of the debt principal 
balance and accrued interest); 
• 
the Default Committee recognized restructured debt as default; 
• 
the loan was originated to consolidate all the borrower’s current debts to the Group into one (refinanced 
retail loans) 
• 
the Group has classified the borrower in the default rating class according to the master scale together with 
the fact that the Main Credit Committee recognised the borrower as credit-impaired one. The Main Credit 
Committee decides on recognition of the borrower as credit-impaired one based on the unlikeliness-to-pay 
criteria listed below: 
− 
the borrower is insolvent; 
− 
it is becoming likely that the borrower will enter bankruptcy; 
− 
other criteria reflecting difficulties with successful fulfilling of obligations by the borrower. 
An instrument is considered no longer to be in default (i.e. have cured), when it does not meet any more a default 
criteria into the consecutive period of six months for non-retail loans and three months for retail loans, except for 
a default refinanced retail loan, for which cure period is twelve months. 
F-114

--- Page 409 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
74 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Significant increase in credit risk (SICR) – the SICR assessment is performed on an individual basis and on a 
portfolio basis. For loans issued to legal entities and individuals, interbank loans and debt securities accounted 
for at AC or at FVOCI, SICR is assessed on an individual basis by monitoring the triggers stated below. The 
criteria used to identify a SICR are monitored and reviewed periodically for appropriateness by the Group’s Risk 
Management Department. 
The Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a SICR when one or more of the following 
quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met. 
For loans issued to legal entities and bonds issued by the legal entities, interbank operations and bonds issued 
by the banks: 
• 
30 days past due; 
• 
increase of PD by 2,7 times (that is close to decrease of rating by 3 notches) compared to PD on the date 
of initial recognition (the relative threshold); 
• 
loan for which internal rating cannot be calculated (excluding loans rated by international rating agencies); 
• 
inclusion of loan into a watch list zone “Red” according to the internal credit risk monitoring process. 
For loans to Individuals:  
• 
30 days past due; 
• 
increase of odds PD by 4 times compared to odds PD on the date of initial recognition (the relative 
threshold); 
• 
fraud lists. 
If there is evidence that the SICR criteria are no longer met, the instrument will be transferred back to Stage 1. If 
an exposure has been transferred to Stage 2 based on a qualitative indicator, the Group monitors whether that 
indicator continues to exist or has changed.  
ECL measurement – description of estimation techniques 
General principle 
For non-POCI financial assets, ECLs are generally measured based on the risk of default over one of two different 
time periods, depending on whether the credit risk of the borrower has increased significantly since initial 
recognition. This approach can be summarised in a three-stage model for ECL measurement:  
• 
Stage 1: a financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition and its credit risk has not 
increased significantly since initial recognition, loss allowance is based on 12-month ECL. 
• 
Stage 2: if a SICR since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument is moved to Stage 2 but not 
yet deemed to be credit-impaired, loss allowance is based on lifetime ECL. 
• 
Stage 3: if the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved to Stage 3 and 
loss allowance is based on lifetime ECL. 
ECL for POCI financial assets is always measured on a lifetime basis (Stage 3), so at the reporting date, the 
Group only recognises the cumulative changes in lifetime expected credit losses.  
The Group can carry out three separate approaches for ECL measurement: 
• 
assessment on an individual basis; 
• 
assessment on a portfolio basis: internal ratings are estimated on an individual basis but the same credit 
risk parameters (e.g. PD, LGD) will be applied during the process of ECL calculations for the same credit 
risk ratings and homogeneous segments of the loan portfolio; 
• 
assessment based on external ratings. 
The Group performs an assessment on an individual basis for the following types of loans issued to legal entities: 
loans with unique credit risk characteristics, individually significant loans and credit-impaired loans.  
F-115

--- Page 410 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
75 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The Group performs an assessment on a portfolio basis for the following types of assets: loans and credit-related 
commitments issued to legal entities (standard lending, specialised lending, loans to leasing companies, etc.), 
interbank loans, retail loans and loans issued to SMEs. This approach incorporates aggregating the portfolio into 
homogeneous segments based on borrower-specific information. 
The Group performs assessments on external ratings for the following types of loans: interbank loans, debt 
securities issued by the banks and legal entities, and loans issued to sovereigns. 
Principles of assessment on individual basis – ECL assessments on an individual basis are done by weighting 
the estimates of credit losses for different possible outcomes against the probabilities of each outcome. The Group 
defines at least two possible outcomes for each loan, one of which leads to credit loss in spite of the probability 
of such a scenario. Individual assessment is mainly based on the expert judgement of the Problem Loans 
Collection Department. Expert judgements are regularly tested in order to decrease the difference between 
estimates and actual losses. 
Principles of assessment on portfolio basis – to assess the staging of exposure and to measure a loss allowance 
on a collective basis, the Group combines its exposures into segments on the basis of shared credit risk 
characteristics, such as that exposures to risk within a group are homogeneous. 
Examples of shared characteristics include type of customer (such as income producing real estate or leasing 
companies), product type (such as credit cards or cash loans), credit risk rating and date of initial recognition. 
The different segments reflect differences in credit risk parameters such as PD and LGD. The appropriateness of 
groupings is monitored and reviewed on a periodic basis by the Risk Management Department. 
In general, ECL is the multiplication of the following credit risk parameters: EAD, PD and LGD (definitions of the 
parameters are provided above). The general approach used for ECL calculation is stated below. It could be 
applied for products assessed on a portfolio basis and for products for which the bank has credit risk ratings 
assessment based on borrower-specific information. 
𝐸𝐶𝐿= ∑(𝑃𝐷𝑡𝑖,𝑡𝑖+1
𝐸𝐴𝐷𝑡𝑖
(1 + 𝐸𝐼𝑅)𝑡𝑖𝐿𝐺𝐷𝑡𝑖) 
𝑁−1
𝑖=0
 
where: 
𝐿𝐺𝐷𝑡𝑖 – loss given default in moment 𝑡𝑖 
𝐸𝐴𝐷𝑡𝑖– exposure at default in moment 𝑡𝑖 
𝑃𝐷𝑡𝑖,𝑡𝑖+1 – probability of default between 𝑡𝑖 and  𝑡𝑖+1 (cannot be higher than 100%) 
𝑡𝑖 – number of months in the loan’s lifetime 
𝐸𝐼𝑅 – effective interest rate 
𝑁 – remaining amount of payments.  
The ECL is determined by predicting credit risk parameters (EAD, PD and LGD) for each future month during the 
lifetime period for each individual exposure or collective segment. These three components are multiplied together 
and adjusted for the likelihood of survival (i.e. the exposure has been repaid or defaulted in an earlier month). 
This effectively calculates an ECL for each future month, which is then discounted back to the reporting date and 
summed up. The discount rate used in the ECL calculation is the original effective interest rate or an approximation 
thereof. 
The brief principles of calculating the credit risk parameters are as following. 
The EADs are determined based on the expected payment profile, which varies by product type: 
• 
for amortising products and bullet repayment loans, EAD is based on the contractual repayments owed by 
the borrower over a 12-month or lifetime basis.  
• 
for revolving products, the EAD is predicted by taking the current drawn balance and adding a credit 
conversion factor that accounts for the expected drawdown of the remaining limit by the time of default.  
F-116

--- Page 411 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
76 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Two types of PDs are used for calculating ECLs: 12-month and lifetime PD: 
• 
12-month PDs – the estimated probability of a default occurring within the next 12 months (or over the 
remaining life of the financial instrument if less than 12 months). This parameter is used to calculate  
12-month ECLs. An assessment of a 12-month PD is based on the latest available historic default data and 
adjusted for forward-looking information when appropriate. 
• 
Lifetime PDs – the estimated probability of a default occurring over the remaining life of the financial 
instrument. This parameter is used to calculate lifetime ECLs for Stage 2 exposures. An assessment of a 
Lifetime PD is based on the latest available historic default data and adjusted for forward looking information 
when appropriate. 
To calculate Lifetime PD, the Group uses different statistical approaches depending on the segment and product 
type, such as the extrapolation of 12-month PDs based on migration matrixes and developing lifetime PD curves 
based on the historical default data. For lifetime PD calculations, the Group uses historical default data and the 
extrapolation of trends for longer periods during which default data was not available. 
LGD represents the Group's expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. LGD varies by the product, 
stage and the availability of collateral or other credit support. 
The 12-month and lifetime LGDs are determined based on the factors that impact the expected recoveries after 
a default event. 
The approach to LGD measurement can be divided into three possible approaches: 
• 
measurement of LGD based on the specific characteristics of the collateral; 
• 
calculation of LGD on a portfolio basis based on recovery statistics; 
• 
individually defined LGD depending on different factors and scenarios. 
For loans secured by real estate the Group calculates LGD based on specific characteristics of the collateral, 
such as projected collateral values, historical discounts on sales and other factors.  
For particular segments of the corporate, retail, interbank loan portfolio and corporate bonds LGD is calculated 
on a collective basis based on the latest available recovery statistics. 
ECL measurement for off-balance sheet financial instruments (financial guarantees, loan commitments) 
The ECL measurement of off-balance sheet accounts consists of the same steps described above for the balance 
sheet exposures and differs with respect to EAD calculation. EAD with respect to off-balance sheet exposures 
should be calculated in the following way: 
𝐸𝐴𝐷= 𝐸𝑥𝑂𝑓𝑓∗𝐶𝐶𝐹 
where: 
𝐶𝐶𝐹 – credit conversion factor 
𝐸𝑥𝑂𝑓𝑓 – amount of credit-related commitments 
CCF for undrawn credit lines of legal entities, credit cards issued to individuals and financial guarantees is defined 
based on statistical analysis of exposure at default 
CCF for overdrafts is defined as 100% since the limits can be used by the clients at any time. 
Principles of assessment based on external ratings – the principles of ECL calculations based on external ratings 
are the same as for their assessment on a portfolio basis. Since the clients have defined the external credit rating, 
credit risk parameters (PD) could be taken from the default and recovery statistics published by international rating 
agencies. 
Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL models. The assessment of the SICR and the calculation of 
ECLs both incorporate forward-looking information. The Group has performed historical analyses and identified 
the key economic variables impacting credit risk and ECLs for each portfolio. 
F-117

--- Page 412 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
77 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
These economic variables and their associated impact on the PD, EAD and LGD vary by financial instrument. 
These economic variables, such as consumer price index, natural gas price, Russian CDS, have been determined 
by performing statistical regression analysis to understand the impact of changes in these variables has 
historically had on default rates. 
Based on them the Group's Risk Management Department makes the forecast of future macroeconomic 
conditions, which is considered by the management of the Group to define the next coming stage of economic 
cycle using not only statistical approach but also expert judgement of the management. 
The assessment of SICR is performed using the Lifetime PD for retail borrowers and 12-month PD for other 
financial assets, along with qualitative and backstop indicators. This determines whether the whole financial 
instrument is in Stage 1, Stage 2, or Stage 3 and hence whether a 12-month or lifetime ECL should be recorded. 
Following this assessment, the Group measures ECL as either a probability-weighted 12 month ECL (Stage 1), 
or a probability weighted lifetime ECL (Stages 2 and 3). These probability-weighted ECLs are determined by 
running the relevant ECL model. 
As with any economic forecast, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are subject to a high degree of 
inherent uncertainty, and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different to those projected. The 
Group considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes and has analysed the 
non-linearities and asymmetries within the Group's different portfolios to establish that the chosen scenarios are 
appropriately representative of the range of possible scenarios. 
Validation – the Group regularly reviews its methodology and assumptions to reduce any difference between the 
estimates and the actual loss of credit. Such validation is performed at least once a year. The results of validation 
the ECL measurement methodology are communicated to the Group management and further steps for tuning 
models and assumptions are defined after discussions between authorised persons.  
Market risk. The Group takes on exposure to market risks. Market risks arise from open positions in equity, 
currency and interest rate products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements.  
The Group manages its market risk through notional-based and risk-based limits for the Group’s sub-positions. 
Overall Group's position is split between (i) Corporate and Retail Banking positions, (ii) Investment Banking 
position and (iii) Treasury position. Corporate and Retail Banking exposures to market risks are managed through 
the system of limits monitored by the Treasury Department. Investment Banking exposures to market risk are 
managed through open position limits, value at risk (“VaR”) limits and extreme loss limits which are set for both 
aggregated position in equities, fixed income, foreign currency and derivative instruments (treated as separate 
“trading desks”) and for individual trading desks. In addition, sub-limits are set for exposures to various types of 
securities (including both equity and debt securities) and markets and position limits for issuers and individual 
instruments. Limits on securities positions are approved by ALCO. An issuer limits on debt securities are approved 
separately by a relevant Credit Committee. The major part of the Group’s proprietary and flow trading portfolios 
consists of liquid securities quoted on active market (Note 8). The Group’s derivative operations are driven by two 
major factors: (i) the necessity to hedge own risks by foreign currency, securities and interest rate derivatives and 
(ii) customer’s demand for foreign currency, securities, commodities and other derivatives.  
Risk-based limits are monitored on a daily basis by the Risk Management Department with respect to individual 
(foreign currency, equity, fixed income, derivatives) trading desks. The overall VaR of Investment Banking is 
monitored on a weekly basis. 
The limit for the overall 1-day, 99% confidence level VaR of trading position is USD 40 million. 
Certain structured credit positions either with or without a component of financing from third parties were controlled 
according to their notional amount under the credit risk policy of the Group. 
F-118

--- Page 413 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
78 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The daily VaR measure is an estimate, with a confidence level set at 99%, of the potential loss that might arise 
under normal market conditions if the current positions of the Group were to be held unchanged for one business 
day. Although VaR is a valuable tool in measuring market risk exposures, it has a number of limitations, especially 
in less liquid markets: 
• 
The use of historical data as a basis for determining future events may not encompass all possible 
scenarios, particularly those which are of an extreme nature; 
• 
One business day holding period assumes that all positions can be liquidated or hedged within that period. 
This is considered to be a realistic assumption in almost all cases but may not be the case in situations in 
which there is severe market illiquidity for a prolonged period; 
• 
The use of a 99% confidence level does not take into account losses that may occur beyond this level. 
There is a one percent probability that the loss could exceed the VaR; 
• 
As VaR is only calculated on the end-of-day basis, it does not necessarily reflect exposures that may arise 
on positions during the trading day; and 
• 
The VaR measure is dependent upon the Group's position and the volatility of market prices. The VaR of 
an unchanged position reduces if market volatility declines and vice versa. 
The effectiveness of the VaR model is subject to back-test assessment. Back-testing compares the frequency of 
bigger-than-VaR loss occurrence and compares it to the set confidence level. 
The major advantage of VaR risk assessment, its reliance on the empirical data, is at the same time its major 
drawback. Extreme market moves that may cause substantial deterioration of the Group’s position have to be 
assessed by putting a stress on the number of standard deviations of market returns. Historical stress scenario 
can be also used. The resulting figures serve as a rough indicator of magnitude of a likely loss under the 
corresponding scenario. The Group uses stress tests to model the financial impact of a variety of exceptional 
market scenarios on individual trading portfolios and the Group's overall position. Stress tests provide an 
indication of the potential size of losses that could arise in extreme conditions.  
Equity price risk. As noted above, for the purpose of quantifying the Group’s equity price risks which is attributed 
to Investment Banking trading position only, the Group uses a VaR model.  
As at 31 December 2020 the Group’s equity price risk VaR was limited at USD 8 million (2019: USD 8 million) 
(limit set by ALCO).  
Currency risk. Currency risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in the 
foreign exchange rates. The Treasury Department is responsible for the centralised management of the foreign 
exchange risk of the banking book (strategic position). The Corporate and Investment Bank is responsible for the 
currency risk management of trading position. ALCO sets separate limits on the open currency position. The Risk 
Management Department controls limits of trading position. The Treasury Department of the Group ensures 
compliance limits on open foreign exchange position of the banking book and general limits on the open currency 
position. 
The Group uses derivatives to manage current and forecast exposures resulting from foreign currencies. 
F-119

--- Page 414 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
79 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The table below summarises the Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as monitored by 
management as at 31 December 2020:  
In millions of US Dollars 
USD 
RR 
EUR 
Other 
currencies 
Non-
monetary 
Total 
Assets  
Cash and cash equivalents 
2 513 
2 772 
983 
326 
- 
6 594 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks 
- 
427 
9 
- 
- 
436 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
1 076 
245 
225 
62 
145 
1 753 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at FVTPL 
5 
12 
- 
- 
24 
41 
Due from other banks 
2 779 
1 212 
85 
- 
 
4 076 
Loans and advances to customers 
6 429 
29 591 
5 231 
7 
- 
41 258 
Investments 
1 332 
3 593 
345 
- 
3 
5 273 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
190 
82 
126 
- 
- 
398 
Other financial assets  
449 
322 
19 
19 
- 
809 
Other assets 
- 
164 
11 
2 
176 
353 
Premises and equipment  
- 
- 
- 
- 
859 
859 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  
14 773 
38 420 
7 034 
416 
1 207 
61 850 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks  
239 
2 311 
253 
23 
- 
2 826 
Customer accounts  
8 350 
30 843 
4 161 
354 
- 
43 708 
Debt securities issued 
695 
2 370 
413 
186 
- 
3 664 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
452 
- 
- 
- 
452 
Subordinated debt 
807 
- 
- 
- 
- 
807 
Other financial liabilities 
261 
644 
154 
8 
- 
1 067 
Other liabilities 
135 
212 
19 
- 
- 
366 
Deferred tax liability  
- 
- 
- 
- 
289 
289 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities  
 10 487 
36 832 
5 000 
 571 
 289 
53 179 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net balance sheet position  
4 286 
1 588 
2 034 
(155) 
 918 
8 671 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net balance sheet position less fair 
value of foreign exchange 
derivatives 
4 203 
1 666 
2 151 
(163) 
 918 
8 775 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange derivatives (fair 
value of currencies receivable or 
payable) (Note 37) 
4 272 
(2 414) 
(2 149) 
 187 
- 
(104) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net balance sheet and derivatives 
position 
8 475 
(748) 
2 
24 
918 
8 671 
  
Almost all non-monetary items are attributable to the Russian Federation. 
F-120

--- Page 415 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
80 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The table below summarises the Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as monitored by 
management as at 31 December 2019:  
In millions of US Dollars 
USD 
RR 
EUR 
Other 
currencies 
Non-
monetary 
Total 
Assets  
Cash and cash equivalents 
1 919 
3 265 
1 010 
256 
- 
6 450 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks 
- 
412 
10 
- 
- 
422 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
823 
169 
2 
- 
126 
1 120 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at FVTPL 
3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3 
Due from other banks 
2 377 
805 
359 
1 
- 
3 542 
Loans and advances to customers 
7 396 
28 723 
2 524 
- 
- 
38 643 
Investments 
1 931 
4 904 
336 
- 
- 
7 171 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
- 
- 
132 
- 
- 
132 
Other financial assets  
119 
555 
16 
34 
- 
724 
Other assets 
16 
161 
- 
1 
265 
443 
Premises and equipment  
- 
- 
- 
- 
816 
816 
  
Total assets  
14 584 
38 994 
4 389 
292 
1 207 
59 466 
  
Liabilities  
Due to other banks  
406 
1 768 
263 
11 
- 
2 448 
Customer accounts  
7 332 
30 294 
3 582 
214 
- 
41 422 
Debt securities issued 
977 
2 263 
468 
168 
- 
3 876 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
470 
- 
- 
- 
470 
Subordinated debt 
1 064 
462 
40 
- 
- 
1 566 
Other financial liabilities 
52 
1 042 
21 
11 
- 
1 126 
Other liabilities 
149 
198 
11 
- 
- 
358 
Deferred tax liability  
- 
- 
- 
- 
58 
58 
  
Total liabilities  
9 980 
36 497 
4 385 
404 
58 
51 324 
  
Net balance sheet position  
4 604 
2 497 
4 
(112) 
1 149 
8 142 
  
Net balance sheet position less fair 
value of foreign exchange 
derivatives 
4 609 
2 658 
8 
(117) 
1 150 
8 308 
  
Foreign exchange derivatives (fair 
value of currencies receivable or 
payable) (Note 37) 
3 719 
(3 900) 
(123) 
138 
- 
(166) 
  
Net balance sheet and derivatives 
position 
8 328 
(1 242) 
(115) 
21 
1 150 
8 142 
  
Derivatives represent the fair value, as at the end of the reporting period, of the respective currency that the Group 
agreed to buy (positive amount) or sell (negative amount) before netting of positions and payments with the 
counterparty. The amounts by currency are presented gross as stated in Note 37. 
F-121

--- Page 416 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
81 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Different entities within the Group have different functional currencies, based on the underlying economic 
conditions of their operations (Note 4). For the purpose of currency risk sensitivity analysis the Group splits its 
assets, liabilities and notional amounts of foreign currency receivable and payable at the reporting dates into three 
currency zones depending on the functional currencies of the entities included in the zone: 
• 
Russian Rouble zone (includes all Russian Federation subsidiaries); 
• 
Euro zone (includes Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V.); 
• 
US Dollar zone (includes all other foreign subsidiaries operating internationally). 
Sensitivity analysis presented below indicates the potential effect of the change in foreign exchange market 
conditions on the profit or loss for the year and risk arising out of translation of the financial statements of 
subsidiaries into the presentation currency of the Group. 
As the Group exposure to currencies other than US Dollar, Euro and Russian Rouble is not considerable in 
comparison to other exposures, in performing sensitivity analysis the Group includes its net position in other 
currencies into the net position in US Dollars. As at 31 December 2020 the Group’s net currency position including 
foreign currency derivatives was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
USD/RR 
USD/EUR 
EUR/RR 
Russian Rouble zone 
8 704 
- 
220 
Euro zone 
- 
135 
1 
US Dollar zone 
59 
433 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exposure with effect on profit or loss 
8 763 
 568 
 221 
Exposure with effect on other comprehensive income 
(7 607) 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Net exposure 
1 156 
568 
221 
  
As at 31 December 2020 if either of USD/RR, USD/EUR and EUR/RR rate changed by +/-10% respectively, this 
would have affected profit or loss for the year (pre-tax) of the Group and equity in the following way: 
In millions of US Dollars 
USD/RR 
USD/EUR 
EUR/RR 
+ 10% change in all foreign exchange rates 
116 
57 
22 
- 10% change in all foreign exchange rates 
(116) 
(57) 
(22) 
  
As at 31 December 2019 the Group’s net currency position including foreign currency derivatives was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
USD/RR 
USD/EUR 
EUR/RR 
Russian Rouble zone 
8 321 
- 
151 
Euro zone 
- 
14 
(1) 
US Dollar zone 
35 
451 
- 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
Exposure with effect on profit or loss 
8 356 
465 
150 
Exposure with effect on other comprehensive income 
(8 277) 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Net exposure 
79 
465 
150 
  
At 31 December 2019 if USD/RR, USD/EUR and EUR/RR rate changed by +/-10% respectively, this would have 
affected profit or loss for the year (pre-tax) of the Group and equity in the following way: 
In millions of US Dollars 
USD/RR 
USD/EUR 
EUR/RR 
+ 10% change in all foreign exchange rates 
8 
47 
15 
- 10% change in all foreign exchange rates 
(8) 
(47) 
(15) 
  
F-122

--- Page 417 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
82 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Interest rate risk. Interest rate risk of the banking book (IRRBB) is the current or prospective risk to both the 
earnings and economic value arising from adverse movements in interest rates that affect interest rate sensitive 
instruments. IRRBB is assessed in two perspectives: sensitivity of net interest margin (NIM perspective), 
sensitivity of economic value of equity (EVE perspective). Thus, there are two classes of IRRBB metrics employed. 
Shocks of interest rates for IRRBB metrics calculations are: 1) standardised by Basel committee and 2) developed 
by the Treasury and the Risk Management Department. 
While IRRBB arises from interest rates fluctuations, there are risks, reflecting in both mentioned perspectives of 
IRRBB, that come from movements in market rates (referring as “market risk”) and from Group’s credit spreads 
oscillations (referring as “spread risk”). Both market and spread IRRBB are measured in terms of NIM’s and EVE's 
sensitivities. 
To control for IRRBB volume ALCO sets limits for all interest rate risk metrics. Limits for IRRBB metrics are set 
for significant currencies (these are currencies for each those total outstanding volume is not less than 5% of the 
total banking book balance). These are Russian Rouble, US Dollar and Euro. The Group’s IRRBB is managed by 
the Treasury Department within the limits set by ALCO. Such limits are monitored on a weekly basis by the Assets 
Liabilities Management Unit of the Treasury Department.  
To remain within the limits set by ALCO, the Treasury Department has a mandate to hedge IRRBB. Hedge is 
achieved both 1) with derivatives and 2) by altering balance sheet structure. 
In addition, risks of changes in prices of individual debt instruments related to trading positions of investment 
business (i.e. interest rate risk of the trading book) are covered by the limit on the size of the open position and 
the limit for VaR. 
The table below summarises the Group’s exposure to interest rate risks as monitored by management. The table 
presents the aggregated amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities at carrying amounts, categorised 
by the earlier of contractual interest repricing or maturity dates. 
In millions of US Dollars 
Demand 
and less 
than 
1 month 
From 1 to 
6 months 
From 6 to 
12 months 
More than 
1 year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
31 December 2020 
Total financial assets 
19 004 
10 481 
5 460 
25 688 
 5 
60 638 
Total financial liabilities 
(16 329) 
(5 014) 
(1 326) 
(29 855) 
- 
(52 524) 
Effect of interest-based derivatives 
(1 000) 
- 
1 000 
- 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest sensitivity gap as at 
31 December 2020 
1 675 
5 467 
5 134 
(4 167) 
 5 
8 114 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2019 
Total financial assets 
17 118 
12 256 
3 322 
25 508 
 3 
58 207 
Total financial liabilities 
(13 203) 
(8 845) 
(3 778) 
(25 082) 
- 
(50 908) 
Effect of interest-based derivatives 
(1 000) 
15 
(15) 
1 000 
- 
- 
  
Net interest sensitivity gap as at 
31 December 2019 
2 915 
3 426 
(471) 
1 426 
 3 
7 299 
  
Refer to Note 37 for the information on interest rate derivatives used to manage the Group’s interest rate exposure. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, if interest rates at that date had been 100 basis points 
higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, pre-tax profit would have been USD 40 million higher/lower 
(2019: USD 22 million higher/lower), mainly as a result of higher interest income on loans and advances to 
customers. Other components of equity (also pre-tax) would have been USD 33 million lower/higher 
(2019: USD 47 million lower/higher), as a result of change in the fair value of fixed interest rate debt investments 
classified as FVOCI. 
F-123

--- Page 418 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
83 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The Group monitors interest rates for its financial instruments. The table below summarises interest rates based 
on reports reviewed by key management personnel:  
In % per annum 
2020 
  
2019 
USD 
RR 
EUR 
Other 
  
USD 
RR 
EUR 
Other 
Assets 
Cash balances with central banks 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
Correspondent accounts and overnight 
placements with other banks 
0.0 
4.4 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
5.8 
0.0 
0.2 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
4.3 
7.8 
1.9 
0.0 
 
5.2 
8.7 
3.6 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at FVTPL 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
- 
 
0.3 
- 
- 
- 
Due from other banks 
0.6 
4.3 
2.0 
- 
1.8 
6.0 
2.1 
7.1 
Loans and advances to customers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- corporate borrowers 
3.3 
7.2 
2.8 
5.8 
 
4.5 
8.8 
3.0 
5.7 
- individuals 
18.2 
17.2 
24.4 
- 
 
18.2 
19.0 
24.3 
- 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
4.6 
4.2 
0.9 
- 
3.5 
6.3 
3.6 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments at FVOCI 
- 
- 
0.1 
- 
 
- 
- 
0.4 
- 
Investments at AC 
5.3 
8.9 
2.7 
- 
5.4 
9.2 
3.0 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments at AC 
0.0 
0.0 
0.5 
- 
- 
- 
0.4 
- 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks 
0.2 
3.9 
(0.1) 
0.8 
2.3 
5.1 
0.0 
1.0 
Customer accounts 
 
 
 
 
Individuals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- current and settlement accounts 
0.1 
2.2 
0.0 
0.0 
0.2 
3.2 
0.0 
0.0 
- term deposits  
1.1 
4.8 
- 
- 
1.9 
6.5 
0.9 
0.0 
Legal entities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- current and settlement accounts 
0.1 
1.5 
0.0 
0.0 
 
0.3 
0.9 
0.0 
0.0 
- term deposits  
1.1 
4.3 
0.5 
- 
 
1.1 
5.7 
8.3 
0.0 
Debt securities issued 
7.1 
7.2 
2.8 
3.0 
6.8 
7.7 
2.7 
3.0 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
15.7 
- 
- 
- 
15.7 
- 
- 
Subordinated debt 
6.0 
- 
- 
- 
6.8 
7.8 
4.5 
- 
  
The sign “-” in the table above means that the Group does not have the assets or liabilities in corresponding 
currency. 
Geographical risk concentrations.  
As at 31 December 2020 and 2019 majority of assets, liabilities and credit related commitments of the Group are 
concentrated in the Russian Federation. Also, the Group has certain balances (mainly cash and cash equivalents, 
loans and advances to customers and debt securities) in Europe, USA and CIS. CIS represents the countries of 
the Commonwealth of Independent States, of which the Group’s primary exposure is to the Ukraine, Kazakhstan 
and Belarus.  
The majority of the Group’s revenues are generated from counterparties domiciled in the Russian Federation as 
well as substantially all of capital expenditure of the Group relates to operations of the Group in the Russian 
Federation. 
Liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is a risk of incapacity of the credit institution to finance its activities, i.e., support the 
growth of assets and fulfil the obligations at maturity without incurring losses in amounts endangering the financial 
stability of the credit institution. The Group is exposed to daily calls on its available cash resources from overnight 
deposits, current accounts, maturing deposits, loan draw downs and from margin and other calls on derivative 
instruments. The Group does not maintain cash resources to meet all of these needs as experience shows that a 
minimum level of reinvestment of maturing funds can be predicted with a high level of certainty. Liquidity risk is 
managed by the Treasury Department and is monitored by ALCO. 
F-124

--- Page 419 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
84 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The Group seeks to maintain a stable funding base comprising primarily amounts due to corporate and retail 
customer deposits, debt securities in issue and due to other banks and maintain an adequate diversified portfolios 
of liquid assets in order to be able to respond quickly and smoothly to unforeseen liquidity requirements. 
The liquidity management of the Group requires considering the level of liquid assets necessary to settle 
obligations as they fall due; maintaining access to a range of funding sources; maintaining funding contingency 
plans, monitoring liquidity ratios and liquidity factors against regulatory or Group risk-appetite requirements. Alfa-
Bank calculates liquidity ratios on a daily basis in accordance with the requirement of the CBRF. These ratios are:  
(i) 
instant liquidity ratio (N2), which is calculated as the ratio of highly-liquid assets to liabilities payable on 
demand;  
(ii) 
current liquidity ratio (N3), which is calculated as the ratio of liquid assets to liabilities maturing within 
30 calendar days; 
(iii) 
long-term liquidity ratio (N4), which is calculated as the ratio of assets maturing after one year to regulatory 
capital and liabilities maturing after one year; 
(iv) 
liquidity coverage ratio (PKL, N26), which is calculated as the ratio of highly liquid assets that will be 
received during the next calendar day without substantial loss in value to the amount of net expected outflow 
of funds on the operations of the bank for the next 30 calendar days; 
(v) 
net stable funding ratio (NSFR, N29) in accordance with the internal and the CBRF requirements, different 
ratios of concentration of liabilities by groups of clients, covenants, deposits with rights of cancellation, etc. 
The Treasury Department prepares the liquidity profile of the financial assets and liabilities. The Treasury 
Department then builds up an adequate portfolio of short-term liquid assets, largely made up of short-term liquid 
trading securities, deposits with banks (including the CBRF and Federal Treasury for Russian Roubles and central 
banks for other currencies) and other inter-bank facilities, to ensure that sufficient liquidity is maintained within the 
Group as a whole.  
For regular stress-test purposes, the Treasury Department runs liquidity forecast models for different financial 
instruments on a daily basis. Different scenarios are tracked: including or disregarding projected new lending. 
Information on the level of delinquencies that result in late payments is regularly updated for the liquidity forecast. 
These liquidity forecast models are aggregated into liquidity position under the Crisis Scenario. The Crisis 
Scenario’s liquidity position is calculated on a daily basis and additionally covers severe market conditions: crisis 
customer’s outflows, defaults of loans, the CBRF facilities, etc. ALCO sets the limits as Survival Horizon 
(continuous number of days of positive liquidity under the Crisis Scenario) separately for local currency, foreign 
currency and total. 
Liquidity risk-appetite ratios are reported on regular basis to the Management, ALCO and the Board of Directors. 
The tables below show liabilities by their remaining contractual maturity. The amounts disclosed in the maturity 
table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows, including gross finance lease obligations (before deducting 
future finance charges), prices specified in deliverable forward agreements to purchase financial assets for cash, 
contractual amounts to be exchanged under a gross settled currency swaps, and gross loan commitments. Such 
undiscounted cash flows differ from the amounts included in the consolidated statement of financial position 
because the amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position are based on discounted cash flows. Net 
settled derivatives are included at the net amounts expected to be paid. 
When the amount payable is not fixed, the amounts are determined by reference to the conditions existing at the 
reporting date. Foreign currency payments are translated using the spot exchange rate at the end of the reporting 
period. 
F-125

--- Page 420 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
85 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The maturity analysis of undiscounted financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Demand 
and less 
than 
1 month 
From 
 1 to 6  
months 
From 
 6 to 12 
months 
More than  
1 year 
Total 
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
1 589 
1 010 
 91 
 148 
2 838 
Customer accounts - individuals 
21 436 
 182 
 131 
 230 
21 979 
Customer accounts - other 
18 817 
2 355 
 190 
 718 
22 080 
Debt securities issued 
 66 
1 266 
 922 
1 694 
3 948 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
 1 
 1 
 752 
 754 
Subordinated debt 
- 
 24 
 24 
1 005 
1 053 
Other non-derivative financial liabilities 
 161 
 10 
 6 
 115 
 292 
Lease liabilities 
 4 
 18 
 20 
 94 
 136 
Gross settled swaps and forwards: 
 
 
 
 
 
- inflows 
(1 043) 
(565) 
(224) 
(1 785) 
(3 617) 
- outflows 
1 040 
 573 
 222 
1 771 
3 606 
Net settled derivatives 
 109 
 225 
 133 
 15 
 482 
Unused credit cards limits 
6 940 
- 
- 
- 
6 940 
Import letters of credit 
 855 
- 
- 
- 
 855 
Corporate overdrafts 
 672 
- 
- 
- 
 672 
Financial guarantees 
 246 
- 
- 
- 
 246 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total potential future payments for 
financial obligations 
50 892 
5 099 
1 516 
4 757 
62 264 
  
Payments in respect of gross settled forwards will be accompanied by related cash inflows as disclosed above. 
Customer accounts are classified in the above analysis based on contractual maturities. However, in accordance 
with Russian Civil Code, individuals have a right to withdraw their deposits prior to maturity if they forfeit their right 
to accrued interest. 
The maturity analysis of undiscounted financial liabilities as at 31 December 2019 was as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Demand 
and less 
than 
1 month 
From 
 1 to 6  
months 
From 
 6 to 12 
months 
More than  
1 year 
Total 
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
1 187 
939 
204 
144 
2 474 
Customer accounts - individuals 
15 104 
3 166 
2 489 
1 190 
21 949 
Customer accounts - other 
17 119 
3 577 
232 
165 
21 093 
Debt securities issued 
7 
643 
253 
3 890 
4 793 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
1 
1 
898 
900 
Subordinated debt 
- 
246 
522 
1 103 
1 871 
Other non-derivative financial liabilities 
 186 
 18 
 4 
 68 
 276 
Lease liabilities 
 5 
 20 
 22 
 173 
 220 
Gross settled swaps and forwards: 
- inflows 
(639) 
(626) 
(2 622) 
(1 050) 
(4 937) 
- outflows 
647 
630 
2 642 
1 047 
4 966 
Net settled derivatives 
87 
254 
238 
3 
582 
Unused credit cards limits 
6 523 
- 
- 
- 
6 523 
Import letters of credit 
551 
- 
- 
- 
551 
Corporate overdrafts 
1 063 
- 
- 
- 
1 063 
Financial guarantees 
157 
- 
- 
- 
157 
  
Total potential future payments for 
financial obligations 
41 997 
8 868 
3 985 
7 631 
62 481 
  
F-126

--- Page 421 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
86 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The Group does not use the above undiscounted maturity analysis to manage liquidity. Instead, the Treasury 
Department monitors expected maturities.  
The following table represents analysis of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 by their expected 
maturities as determined by the management. This analysis was prepared on the basis of contractual maturities 
except for adjustments in relation to (i) trading securities and (ii) part of customer accounts. The entire portfolio of 
trading securities was classified within “demand and less than 1 month” based on the Management’s assessment 
of the portfolio’s realisability. Part of current/settlement/demand accounts was reallocated from “demand and less 
than 1 month” category to baskets with later maturities. On the basis of past experience Management believes 
that (i) diversification of these accounts by number and type of customers and (ii) constant inflow of new deposits 
indicate that at least part of these current/demand/settlement accounts would provide a long-term and stable 
source of funding for the Group. 
In millions of US Dollars 
Demand 
and less 
than 
1 month 
From  
1 to 6 
 months 
From  
6 to 12 
 months 
More than 
1 year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
6 594 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 594 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks 
 436 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 436 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
1 558 
- 
- 
 190 
 5 
1 753 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at FVTPL 
 41 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 41 
Due from other banks  
3 490 
 63 
- 
 523 
- 
4 076 
Loans and advances to customers 
2 099 
7 681 
5 265 
26 213 
- 
41 258 
Investments 
2 347 
 623 
 87 
2 216 
- 
5 273 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
 190 
 82 
 38 
 88 
- 
 398 
Other financial assets  
 337 
 143 
 154 
 175 
- 
 809 
Other assets 
 113 
 53 
 5 
 6 
 176 
 353 
Premises and equipment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 859 
 859 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
17 205 
8 645 
5 549 
29 411 
1 040 
61 850 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks 
1 588 
1 001 
 90 
 147 
- 
2 826 
Customer accounts 
13 507 
2 757 
 422 
27 022 
- 
43 708 
Debt securities issued 
 64 
1 216 
 830 
1 554 
- 
3 664 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
- 
- 
 452 
- 
 452 
Subordinated debt 
- 
 10 
- 
 797 
- 
 807 
Other financial liabilities 
 274 
 237 
 144 
 412 
- 
1 067 
Other liabilities 
 113 
 144 
- 
 109 
- 
 366 
Deferred tax liability 
 
 
 
 
 289 
 289 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities 
15 546 
5 365 
1 486 
30 493 
 289 
53 179 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net expected liquidity gap 
1 659 
3 280 
4 063 
(1 082) 
 751 
8 671 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative expected liquidity gap 
1 659 
4 939 
9 002 
7 920 
8 671 
 
  
 
F-127

--- Page 422 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
87 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
The following table represents analysis of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 by their expected 
maturities as determined by the Group. 
In millions of US Dollars 
Demand and 
less than 
1 month 
From 
 1 to 6  
months 
From  
6 to 12 
 months 
More than 
1 year 
No stated 
maturity 
Total 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
6 450 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 450 
Mandatory cash balances with central 
banks 
422 
- 
- 
- 
- 
422 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
932 
- 
- 
185 
3 
1 120 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
financial assets at FVTPL 
3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3 
Due from other banks  
3 100 
13 
81 
348 
- 
3 542 
Loans and advances to customers 
2 927 
7 265 
2 628 
25 823 
- 
38 643 
Investments 
1 169 
3 425 
510 
2 067 
- 
7 171 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
11 
- 
59 
62 
- 
132 
Other financial assets  
307 
226 
166 
25 
- 
724 
Other assets 
137 
36 
2 
3 
265 
443 
Premises and equipment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
816 
816 
  
  
Total assets 
15 458 
10 965 
3 446 
28 513 
1 084 
59 466 
  
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
1 186 
930 
199 
133 
- 
2 448 
Customer accounts 
11 711 
6 768 
2 695 
20 248 
- 
41 422 
Debt securities issued 
9 
643 
149 
3 075 
- 
3 876 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
- 
- 
470 
- 
470 
Subordinated debt 
- 
224 
462 
880 
- 
1 566 
Other financial liabilities 
296 
280 
273 
277 
- 
1 126 
Other liabilities 
87 
34 
30 
207 
- 
358 
Deferred tax liability 
- 
- 
- 
- 
58 
58 
  
Total liabilities 
13 289 
8 879 
3 808 
25 290 
58 
51 324 
  
Net expected liquidity gap 
2 169 
2 086 
(362) 
3 223 
1 026 
8 142 
  
Cumulative expected liquidity gap 
2 169 
4 255 
3 893 
7 116 
8 142 
  
Assets and liabilities disclosed as “no stated maturity” are expected to be recovered or settled after twelve months 
after the reporting period. 
Liquidity requirements to support calls under guarantees and standby letters of credit are considerably less than 
the amount of the commitments because the Group does not generally expect the third party to draw funds under 
the agreement. The total outstanding contractual amount of commitments to extend credit does not necessarily 
represent future cash requirements, since many of these commitments will expire or terminate without being 
funded. 
The matching and/or controlled mismatching of the maturities and interest rates of assets and liabilities is 
fundamental to the management of the Group. It is unusual for banks ever to be completely matched since 
business transacted is often of an uncertain term and of different types. An unmatched position potentially 
enhances profitability but can also increase the risk of losses. The maturities of assets and liabilities and the ability 
to replace, at an acceptable cost, interest-bearing liabilities as they mature, are important factors in assessing the 
liquidity of the Group and its exposure to changes in interest and exchange rates. 
F-128

--- Page 423 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
88 
31 
Financial Risk Management (Continued) 
Operational risk. Operational risk is defined as risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk but excludes strategic and 
reputational risk. The events that are included under this definition of operational risk are, mainly, losses from 
fraud, computer system failures, settlement errors, model errors or natural disasters.  
The Group monitors its operational risk profile and material exposures to operational losses on a regular basis. 
The Group’s system of regular reporting of information to senior management supports the proactive management 
of operational risk.  
Activities of the Group’s operational risk management includes identification, assessment, monitoring and 
reporting, control and/or minimization of the Group’s exposure to operational risk as well as the distribution of 
responsibilities and authorities to manage operational risk. Information on realised operational risks and losses 
are collected in the Group’s own loss database system.  
In order to identify and assess operational risks, the Group uses the following operational risk management tools: 
• 
analysis of processes; 
• 
internal loss data collection and analysis; 
• 
external loss data collection and analysis; 
• 
risk and control self-assessment (RCSA); 
• 
key risk indicators (KRI); 
• 
scenario analysis (stress-testing). 
The main principles and instruments of operational risk minimisation are defined by the Group’s Operational Risk 
Management Policy.  
The Group regards active participation of its business divisions as a cornerstone for effective risk management. 
Each business division is primarily responsible for the identification and assessment of operational risk arising 
from its business operations. In circumstances where a business division considers it appropriate, operational risk 
is insured.  
The Operational Risk Steering Committee (“ORSC”), which meets monthly, monitors the level of operational risk, 
coordinates the operational risk management across the departments and approves procedures for operational 
risk identification. ORSC takes part in carrying out operational risk analysis of new products and complex 
transactions, approval of internal documents regarding operational risk.  
Each year, the Group obtains an international comprehensive banking risk insurance policy, also known as a 
“banker’s blanket bond”, which covers its professional activities world-wide and insures it against, among other 
things, forgery, electronic and computer crimes and employees’ unlawful actions. 
32 
Management of Capital 
The Group’s main objectives when managing capital are: (i) to comply with the capital requirements set by the 
respective central banks and debt covenants, (ii) to safeguard the companies’ ability to continue as a going 
concern, and (iii) to maintain a sufficient capital base to achieve a capital adequacy ratio of the Group based on 
Basel (International Convergence of Capital Management and Capital Standards dated July 1988 (as 
subsequently amended and updated)) of at least 8%. 
The Group's policy of capital management is designated to maintain the capital base sufficient to comply with the 
regulatory requirements and to keep the confidence of investors, creditors, other market participants and to secure 
the future development of the Group. The CBRF establishes and monitors capital adequacy limits for Alfa-Bank. 
Capital adequacy limits for Amsterdam Trade Bank N.V. are established and monitored by the Dutch National 
Bank. Capital adequacy limits of Alfa Capital Markets Ltd are monitored by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange 
Commission. 
 
F-129

--- Page 424 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
89 
32 
Management of Capital (Continued) 
The Group plans its capital needs to be able to comply with both the regulators’ requirements and Basel with a 
one-year horizon. The Group performs medium- and long-term planning of growth in the asset side considering 
sufficiency of capital. When necessary, the Group develops and implements measures to increase its capital 
base. 
The amount of the Group’s total capital calculated in accordance with Basel III as at 31 December 2020 was 
USD 9 235 million (2019: USD 8 910 million), the amount of Tier 1 capital as at 31 December 2020 was USD 8 542 
million (2019: USD 7 939 million). According to information provided internally to key management personnel, 
total capital adequacy ratio and Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio were 17.8% and 16.4%, respectively (2019: 18.3% 
and 16.3%) and the relevant Group entities complied with external capital adequacy requirements during 2020 
and 2019. 
33 
Contingencies and Commitments 
Legal proceedings. From time to time and in the normal course of business, claims against the Group are 
received. On the basis of its own estimates and both internal and external professional advice, management is of 
the opinion that no material losses exceeding provision of USD 2 million (2019: USD 2 million) recorded in these 
consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2020 will be incurred in respect of claims against the Group.  
Tax contingencies. A significant part of operations of the Group is undertaken in the Russian Federation. Russian 
tax legislation (including changes enacted at the end of the reporting period), is subject to varying interpretations 
when being applied to the transactions and activities of the Group. Consequently, tax positions taken by 
management and the formal documentation supporting the tax positions may be challenged by relevant 
authorities. Russian tax administration is gradually strengthening, including the fact that there is a higher risk of 
tax review of transactions without a clear business purpose or with tax incompliant counterparties. Fiscal periods 
remain open to review by the authorities in respect of taxes for three calendar years preceding the year of review. 
Under certain circumstances reviews may cover longer periods.  
The Russian transfer pricing legislation is to a large extent aligned with the international transfer pricing principles 
developed by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. This legislation provides the 
possibility for tax authorities to make transfer pricing adjustments and impose additional tax liabilities in respect 
of controlled transactions (transactions with related parties and some types of transactions with unrelated parties), 
provided that the transaction price is not on an arm’s length basis. 
The Russian legislation contains special rules for adjustment of transaction prices for tax purposes which includes 
transfer pricing rules as well as rules for securities and derivatives. The Group believes that no transactions 
performed in 2020 or earlier required tax adjustments, except for certain transactions (mainly related to securities 
and derivatives). It is possible, with the evolution of the interpretation of the transfer pricing rules, that such transfer 
prices could be challenged. The impact of any such challenge cannot be reliably estimated. 
The Group includes companies incorporated outside of Russia. The tax liabilities of the Group are determined on 
the assumption that these companies are not subject to Russian profits tax, because they do not have a 
permanent establishment in Russia. This interpretation of relevant legislation may be challenged but the impact 
of any such challenge cannot be reliably estimated currently; however, it may impact the financial position and/or 
some operations of the Group. 
The Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) legislation introduced Russian taxation of profits of foreign companies 
and non-corporate structures (including trusts) controlled by Russian tax residents (controlling parties). CFC 
income is subject to a 20% tax rate if the CFC is controlled by a legal entity and a rate of 13% if it is controlled by 
an individual. As a result, management reassessed the Group’s tax positions and concluded that this legislation 
does not result in additional material deferred taxes for temporary differences that arose from the expected taxable 
manner of recovery of the relevant Group’s operations to which the CFC legislation applies to.  
As the Russian tax legislation does not provide definitive guidance in certain areas, the tax authorities may 
challenge the Group’s interpretations of some uncertain areas. While management currently estimates that the 
tax positions and interpretations that it has taken can probably be sustained, there is a possible risk that an outflow 
of resources will be required should such tax positions and interpretations be challenged by the relevant 
authorities. The impact of any such challenge cannot be reliably estimated; however, it may be significant to the 
financial position and/or the overall operations of the Group. 
F-130

--- Page 425 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
90 
33 
Contingencies and Commitments (Continued) 
In addition to the aforementioned risks, the Group estimates that as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 it had no 
other material probable or possible tax exposures. Management will vigorously defend the Group's positions and 
interpretations that were applied in determining taxes recognised in these consolidated financial statements if 
these are challenged by the authorities. 
Regulatory compliance. The Group provides financial services through financial institutions registered in the 
Russian Federation, the Netherlands, Cyprus and other jurisdictions. Financial services are subject to regulation 
by authorities in connection with obtaining and renewing various licences and permits, as well as with ongoing 
compliance with existing laws and regulations and with the terms and conditions of the respective licences and 
permits. The failure to comply with the regulatory requirements may result in the imposition of fines or penalties 
or more severe sanctions including the suspension, amendment or termination of licences and permits or in 
requirements to limit certain business activities. 
In the normal course of business, the Group must interpret and apply existing regulatory requirements to its 
activities. From time to time matters of actual or potential non-compliance with existing regulatory requirements 
may be identified. The Management is focused on the rectification of such matters as a matter of priority and 
believes that such matters will not result in significant operating restrictions or material financial losses.  
Capital commitments. As at 31 December 2020 the Group had capital commitments of USD 109 million 
(2019: USD 95 million), of which USD 94 million (2019: USD 88 million) related to construction expenditure and 
modernisation of premises and USD 5 million (2019: USD 7 million) related to purchase and installation of new 
computer systems. Management has already allocated the necessary resources in respect of these commitments. 
Management believes that future income and funding will be sufficient to cover these and any similar 
commitments.  
Credit related commitments and performance guarantees. The primary purpose of these instruments is to 
ensure that funds are available to a customer as required. Financial guarantees and standby letters of credit, 
which represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that a customer cannot 
meet its obligations to third parties, carry the same credit risk as loans. Documentary and commercial letters of 
credit, which are written undertakings by the Group on behalf of a customer authorising a third party to draw drafts 
on the Group up to a stipulated amount under specific terms and conditions, are collateralised by the underlying 
shipments of goods to which they relate or cash deposits and therefore carry less risk than a direct borrowing. 
In addition to credit related commitments, the Group issues performance guarantees. Performance guarantees 
are insurance contracts that provide compensation if another party fails to perform a contractual obligation. Such 
contracts transfer non-financial performance risk in addition to credit risk. The risk under performance guarantee 
contracts is the possibility that the insured event (i.e. the failure to perform the contractual obligation by another 
party) occurs. The key risks the Group faces are significant fluctuations in the frequency and severity of payments 
incurred on such contracts relative to expectations. The Group uses historical data and statistical techniques to 
predict levels of such payments. Claims must be made before the contract matures and most claims are settled 
within short term. This allows the Group to achieve a high degree of certainty about the estimated payments and 
therefore future cash flows. The Group manages such risks by constantly monitoring the level of payments for 
such products and has the ability to adjust its fees in the future to reflect any change in claim payments experience. 
The Group has a claim payment requests handling process which includes the right to review the claim and reject 
fraudulent or non-compliant requests. 
Outstanding credit related commitments and performance guarantees were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Unused credit cards limits 
6 940 
6 523 
Import letters of credit 
 855 
551 
Corporate overdrafts 
 672 
1 063 
Financial guarantees 
 246 
157 
Export letters of credit 
 11 
17 
  
  
Total credit related commitments  
8 724 
8 311 
  
  
Performance guarantees 
2 619 
1 636 
  
  
Total credit related commitments and performance guarantees 
11 343 
9 947 
  
 
 
 
 
Credit loss allowance 
(40) 
(36) 
 
 
 
F-131

--- Page 426 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
91 
33 
Contingencies and Commitments (Continued) 
As at 31 December 2020 the Group had USD 14 333 million (2019: USD 13 200 million) revocable commitments 
on credit lines. As at 31 December 2020 the Group had USD 7 118 million (2019: USD 6 957 million) commitments 
to provide financial and performance guarantees. 
The total outstanding contractual amount of credit related commitments and performance guarantees does not 
necessarily represent future cash requirements, as these instruments may expire or terminate without being 
funded. The fair value of credit related commitments and performance guarantees was USD 40 million as at 
31 December 2020 (2019: USD 35 million). 
Movements in the credit loss allowance on credit related commitments and performance guarantees were as 
follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Credit loss allowance as at 1 January 
 35 
24 
Credit loss allowance 
(4) 
12 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
 9 
(1) 
  
 
 
Credit loss allowance as at 31 December 
 40 
35 
Compliance with covenants. In accordance with agreements for attracting financing the Group should comply 
with financial and non-financial covenants. The most significant covenants are: 
• 
to comply with the ratios and requirements of the CBRF; 
• 
to maintain a minimum ratio of capital to risk-weighted assets calculated in accordance with Basel; 
• 
to maintain a minimum level of net assets; and 
• 
to ensure that all related party transactions are on an arm’s length basis. 
The Group was in compliance with these covenants during 2020 and 2019.  
Assets pledged and restricted. The Group had the following assets pledged as collateral: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Notes 
2020 
2019 
Asset 
pledged 
Related 
liability 
 
Asset 
pledged 
Related 
liability 
Trading securities classified as repurchase 
receivables 
8, 15 
 41 
29 
3 
3 
Loans and advances to customers pledged to the 
CBRF 
10, 15 
 103 
 105 
145 
139 
Margin call deposits 
9, 33 
 403 
 571 
310 
629 
Investments at FVOCI classified as repurchase 
receivables 
11, 15 
 88 
 88 
74 
74 
Investments at AC classified as repurchase 
receivables 
11, 15 
310 
297 
58 
58 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Total  
 945 
 1 090 
590 
903 
  
  
  
As at 31 December 2020 the estimated fair value of securities purchased under reverse sale and repurchase 
agreements (Notes 9 and 10), which the Group has the right to sell or re-pledge in the absence of default of the 
counterparty was USD 3 589 million (2019: USD 3 813 million). As at 31 December 2020 the fair value of such 
securities sold under sale and repurchase agreements with other banks and customers amounted to USD 142 
million (2019: USD 42 million) (Notes 15 and 16). 
Mandatory cash balances with central banks represent mandatory reserve deposits, which are not available to 
finance the Group’s day-to-day operations. 
F-132

--- Page 427 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
92 
34 
Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
Financial instruments subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting and similar arrangements include 
(1) amounts receivable under reverse repurchase agreements effectively collateralised by securities which are 
not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position, (2) amounts payable under repurchase 
agreements which are collateralised by repurchase receivables relating to trading securities and investments, 
(3) derivative financial instruments which are collateralised by margin deposits, and (4) customer accounts, debt 
securities issued and other financial liabilities which are netted against loans and advances to customers and 
other financial assets with companies constituting a group . 
The table below summarises assets and liabilities subject to offsetting as at 31 December 2020: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Gross 
amounts 
before 
offsetting 
in the 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
Gross 
amounts 
set off in 
the 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
Net 
amount 
after 
offsetting 
in the 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
Amounts subject to 
master netting and 
similar 
arrangements not 
set off in the 
statement of 
financial position 
Net 
amount 
of 
exposure 
Financial 
instru-
ments 
Cash 
collateral 
received 
 (a) 
  (b) 
(c) = (a) - 
(b) 
(d) 
(e) 
(c) - (d) - 
(e) 
Assets 
Trading securities classified as 
repurchase receivables 
 41 
- 
 41 
 29 
- 
12 
Due from other banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Reverse sale and repurchase agreements 
with other banks 
2 633 
- 
2 633 
2 633 
- 
-  
- Term placements 
 403 
- 
 403 
 225 
- 
 178 
Loans and advances to customers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Corporate loans 
 717 
 - 
 717 
 103 
614 
- 
- Reverse sale and repurchase agreements 
 670 
- 
 670 
 670 
- 
- 
Investments at AC classified as 
repurchase receivables 
 310 
- 
 310 
 310 
- 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
 88 
- 
 88 
 88 
- 
- 
Other financial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Derivative financial instruments 
 366 
- 
 366 
 331 
 32 
 3 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets subject to offsetting, master 
netting and similar arrangement  
5 228 
- 
5 228 
4 389 
 646 
193 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to other banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Term placements 
 11 
- 
 11 
 11 
- 
- 
- Sale and repurchase agreements  
 507 
- 
 507 
 439 
- 
 68 
- Loans received under a secured lending 
programme  
 105 
- 
 105 
 103 
- 
 2 
Customer accounts 
 678 
- 
 678 
 64 
614 
- 
Other financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Derivative financial instruments 
 571 
- 
 571 
 331 
 225 
 15 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities subject to offsetting, 
master netting and similar arrangement  
1 872 
- 
1 872 
948 
 839 
 85 
  
 
F-133

--- Page 428 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
93 
34 
Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Continued) 
The table below summarises assets and liabilities subject to offsetting as at 31 December 2019: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Gross 
amounts 
before 
offsetting 
in the 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
Gross 
amounts 
set off in 
the 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
Net 
amount 
after 
offsetting 
in the 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
Amounts subject to 
master netting and 
similar 
arrangements not 
set off in the 
statement of 
financial position 
Net 
amount 
of 
exposure 
Financial 
instru-
ments 
Cash 
collateral 
received 
 (a) 
  (b) 
(c) = (a) - 
(b) 
(d) 
(e) 
(c) - (d) - 
(e) 
Assets 
Trading securities classified as 
repurchase receivables 
3 
- 
3 
3 
- 
- 
Due from other banks 
- Reverse sale and repurchase agreements 
with other banks 
2 334 
- 
2 334 
2 334 
- 
- 
- Term placements 
310 
- 
310 
162 
- 
148 
Loans and advances to customers 
- Corporate loans 
145 
- 
145 
139 
- 
6 
- Reverse sale and repurchase agreements 
1 271 
- 
1 271 
1 271 
- 
- 
Investments at AC classified as 
repurchase receivables 
58 
- 
58 
58 
- 
- 
Repurchase receivables relating to 
investments 
74 
- 
74 
74 
- 
- 
Other financial assets 
- Derivative financial instruments 
455 
- 
455 
454 
1 
- 
  
Total assets subject to offsetting, master 
netting and similar arrangement  
4 650 
- 
4 650 
4 495 
1 
154 
  
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
- Term placements 
1 
- 
1 
1 
- 
- 
- Sale and repurchase agreements  
138 
- 
138 
135 
- 
3 
- Loans received under a secured lending 
programme  
139 
- 
139 
139 
- 
- 
Customer accounts 
83 
- 
83 
83 
- 
- 
Other financial liabilities 
- Derivative financial instruments 
629 
- 
629 
454 
162 
13 
  
Total liabilities subject to offsetting, 
master netting and similar arrangement  
990 
- 
990 
812 
162 
16 
  
The amount set off in the statement of financial position reported in column (b) is the lower of (i) the gross amount 
before offsetting reported in column (a) and (ii) the amount of the related instrument that is eligible for offsetting. 
Similarly, the amounts in columns (d) and (e) are limited to the exposure reported in column (c) for each individual 
instrument in order not to understate the ultimate net exposure. 
As at 31 December 2020 the Group placed margin call deposits in the amount of USD 404 million (2019: USD 310 
million) and held margin call deposits in the amount of USD 75 million (2019: USD 84 million) as collateral under 
transactions with derivatives and operations with securities. Refer to Notes 9, 15 and 16. Margin call deposits are 
subject to potential offsetting. 
F-134

--- Page 429 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
94 
35 
Transfers of Financial Assets 
Investment in JSC SB Alfa-Bank Kazakhstan. Alfa Bank legally owns 100% interest in JSC SB Alfa-Bank 
Kazakhstan. On 29 June 2009 the Group signed a call option agreement (with amendments) with ABHH (Note 1), 
whereby in exchange for an option premium of USD 63 million ABHH received a right to acquire for a fixed 
consideration, and at any time until 31 December 2024, shares representing a 100% interest in JSC SB Alfa-Bank 
Kazakhstan. This agreement effectively transferred to ABHH all potential voting rights and economic benefits 
relating to JSC SB Alfa-Bank Kazakhstan. The Group recorded disposal of its interest in JSC SB Alfa-Bank 
Kazakhstan on 29 June 2009. In 2009 ABHH transferred its rights relating to the call option agreement to its 
subsidiary. 
The Group transferred financial assets in transactions that did not qualify for derecognition in the current and prior 
periods: 
Sale and repurchase transactions. At 31 December 2020 the Group had trading securities and investments in 
the amount of USD 439 million (2019: USD 135 million) (Notes 8 and 11) that are subject to obligation to 
repurchase the securities for a fixed pre-determined price. As at 31 December 2020 the carrying value of the 
liabilities associated with these sale and repurchase transactions was USD 414 million (2019: USD 135 million) 
(Note 15). The estimated fair value of associated liabilities is approximately equal to their carrying value. 
36 
Interests in Structured Entities 
The Group issued bonds through consolidated structured entities incorporated in European countries. These 
entities were consolidated as they were specifically set up for the purposes of the Group, and the Group has 
exposure to substantially all of their risks and rewards. These entities have debt securities issued with a nominal 
value of USD 3 075 million outstanding as at 31 December 2020 (2019: USD 3 181 million). 
37 
Derivative Financial Instruments 
Derivative financial instruments are generally traded in an over-the-counter market with professional market 
counterparties on standardised or specific contractual terms and conditions. 
The principal or agreed amounts of certain types of financial instruments provide a basis for comparison with 
instruments recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the 
amounts of future cash flows involved or the current fair value of the instruments and, therefore, do not indicate 
the Group’s exposure to credit or price risks. The derivative instruments become favourable (assets) or 
unfavourable (liabilities) as a result of fluctuations in market interest rates, foreign exchange rates or other 
variables relative to their terms. The aggregate contractual or principal amount of derivative financial instruments 
held and the aggregate fair values of derivative financial assets and liabilities can fluctuate significantly from time 
to time. 
The principal or agreed amounts and fair values of derivative instruments other than foreign exchange forward 
and swap contracts are set out in the following table. This table reflects gross positions before the netting of any 
counterparty positions by type of instrument and covers the contracts with a maturity date subsequent to 
respective reporting period. 
F-135

--- Page 430 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
95 
37 
Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued) 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
 
2019 
Principal or 
agreed 
amount 
Assets 
Liabilities 
 
Principal or 
agreed 
amount 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Positive 
fair value 
Negative 
fair value 
  
Positive 
fair value 
Negative 
fair value 
Deliverable forwards 
 
Securities 
- sale of securities 
 1 
- 
- 
 
13 
- 
(1) 
- purchase of securities 
 1 
- 
- 
 
4 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Non-deliverable forwards 
 
 
 
 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- sale of securities 
 205 
 4 
(14) 
 
177 
2 
(8) 
- purchase of securities 
 11 
 1 
- 
 
33 
2 
- 
Precious metals 
 
 
 
 
- sale of precious metals 
 67 
- 
- 
 
11 
- 
- 
- purchase of precious metals 
 66 
- 
(2) 
 
11 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Call options 
 
 
 
 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-written call options 
 2 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
-purchased call options 
 2 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign currency 
 
 
 
 
- written call options 
 30 
- 
(2) 
 
83 
- 
- 
- purchased call options 
 24 
 5 
- 
 
130 
1 
- 
Index 
 
 
 
 
- written call options 
 56 
- 
(3) 
 
59 
- 
- 
- purchased call options 
 92 
 3 
- 
 
91 
2 
- 
Other base assets 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
- written call options 
 41 
- 
(5) 
 
- 
- 
- 
- purchased call options 
 18 
 6 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Put options 
 
 
 
 
Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- written put options 
 - 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- purchased put options 
 10 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign currency 
 
 
 
 
- written put options 
 53 
- 
- 
 
233 
- 
(5) 
- purchased put options 
 446 
 1 
- 
 
106 
4 
- 
 
 
 
 
Swaps 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps - pay fixed 
interest, receive floating 
interest 
 9 
- 
- 
 
9 
- 
- 
Interest rate swaps - receive 
fixed interest, pay floating 
interest 
1 000 
 15 
- 
 
1 016 
1 
(1) 
Total return swaps on securities 
- pay fixed interest, receive total 
return on securities 
 417 
 2 
(9) 
 
417 
3 
(3) 
Credit default swaps  
 52 
- 
(3) 
 
190 
- 
(2) 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
Total 
 
37 
(38) 
 
15 
(20) 
  
  
 
 
 
 
F-136

--- Page 431 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
96 
37 
Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued) 
The table below sets out fair values, as at the end of the reporting period, of currencies receivable or payable 
under foreign exchange contracts and precious metals based contracts (excluding options) entered into by the 
Group. The table reflects gross positions before the netting of any counterparty positions (and payments) and 
covers the contracts with settlement dates after the respective reporting dates. 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Contracts with 
positive fair 
value 
Contracts with 
negative fair 
value 
  
Contracts 
with positive 
fair value 
Contracts 
with negative 
fair value 
Deliverable forwards 
 
 
- USD receivable on settlement 
 467 
 675 
56 
494 
- USD payable on settlement  
(461) 
(298) 
(528) 
(304) 
- EUR receivable on settlement  
 254 
 203 
334 
237 
- EUR payable on settlement  
(47) 
(18) 
(37) 
(14) 
- RR receivable on settlement  
 194 
 123 
158 
68 
- RR payable on settlement  
(391) 
(654) 
(23) 
(460) 
- Other currencies receivable on 
settlement  
 28 
 17 
76 
- 
- Other currencies payable on settlement  
(30) 
(64) 
(20) 
(56) 
 
 
Non-deliverable forwards 
 
 
- USD receivable on settlement  
6 978 
11 616 
1 149 
14 671 
- USD payable on settlement  
(8 177) 
(6 374) 
(10 396) 
(1 431) 
- EUR receivable on settlement  
 448 
2 298 
2 183 
904 
- EUR payable on settlement  
(2 599) 
(3 052) 
(834) 
(2 896) 
- RR receivable on settlement  
7 861 
4 091 
8 494 
1 276 
- RR payable on settlement  
(4 580) 
(8 862) 
(1 304) 
(11 918) 
- Other currencies receivable on 
settlement  
1 122 
 699 
1 296 
147 
- Other currencies payable on settlement  
(702) 
(883) 
(157) 
(1 337) 
 
 
Deliverable swaps 
 
 
- USD receivable on settlement  
 908 
 45 
297 
251 
- USD payable on settlement  
(202) 
(905) 
(534) 
(6) 
- EUR receivable on settlement 
 246 
- 
 
- 
- 
- EUR payable on settlement 
(36) 
(42) 
 
- 
- 
- RR receivable on settlement  
 84 
 829 
367 
- 
- RR payable on settlement  
(866) 
(47) 
(291) 
(267) 
- Other currencies receivable on 
settlement  
- 
- 
189 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foreign currency options 
 
 
 
 
 
- EUR receivable on settlement 
196 
- 
 
- 
- 
- RR payable on settlement 
(196) 
- 
 
- 
- 
- Other currencies payable on settlement 
16 
(16) 
- 
- 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Net fair value of foreign exchange 
derivatives 
 515 
(619) 
475 
(641) 
  
  
As at 31 December 2020 derivative financial instruments included currency forwards with a contractual amount 
of USD 7 607 million (2019: USD 8 277 million) which were designated and qualified as a hedge of the Group’s 
net investment in subsidiaries of the Group that have Russian Rouble as a functional currency. The total amount 
of the effective portion of the foreign currency exchange gains or losses recorded during 2020 on these hedging 
instruments amounted to gain of USD 1 210 million (2019: loss of USD 773 million). No ineffectiveness was 
recorded in the profit or loss for 2020 and 2019 in respect of the hedge. As at 31 December 2020 the positive fair 
value of these hedging instruments amounted to USD 22 million (2019: negative USD 337 million). No amounts 
were reclassified from other comprehensive income during 2020 and 2019, as there were no disposals of hedge 
subsidiaries, which the hedge relate to. 
 
F-137

--- Page 432 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
97 
37 
Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued) 
Forward positions in securities are summarised below. As at 31 December 2020 and 2019 the respective 
securities’ long balance sheet positions, partially reduced risks related to the securities’ short forward positions. 
Refer to Note 8. 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Principal or agreed amount 
 
Principal or agreed amount 
Sale 
Purchase 
  
Sale 
Purchase 
 
Corporate Eurobonds 
 42 
 1 
36 
1 
ADRs and GDRs 
 81 
 5 
99 
- 
Corporate shares 
 77 
 6 
50 
36 
Eurobonds and bonds of other states  
 4 
- 
4 
- 
Corporate bonds 
 1 
- 
2 
- 
Russian Federation Eurobonds 
 1 
- 
- 
- 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Total 
 206 
 12 
191 
37 
  
  
38 
Fair Value Disclosures 
Fair value measurements are analysed by level in the fair value hierarchy as follows: (1) level one are 
measurements at quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, (2) level two 
measurements are valuations techniques with all material inputs observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices), and (3) level three measurements are valuations not 
based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs). Management applies judgement in categorising 
financial instruments using the fair value hierarchy. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require 
significant adjustment, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. The significance of a valuation input is 
assessed against the fair value measurement in its entirety.  
Recurring fair value measurements 
Recurring fair value measurements are those that the accounting standards require or permit in the consolidated 
statement of financial position at the end of each reporting period. The levels in the fair value hierarchy into which 
the recurring fair value measurements are categorised are as follows:  
 
 
F-138

--- Page 433 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
98 
38 
Fair Value Disclosures (Continued) 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
 
2019 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
  
Assets at fair value 
 
Financial assets 
Trading securities 
1 363 
 132 
- 
790 
133 
- 
- Corporate Eurobonds 
 669 
 132 
- 
564 
27 
- 
- Eurobonds and bonds of other 
states 
 299 
- 
- 
 
53 
1 
- 
- Corporate bonds 
 177 
- 
- 
145 
10 
- 
- Russian Federation bonds and 
Eurobonds 
 78 
 - 
- 
 
1 
2 
- 
- ADRs and GDRs 
 81 
- 
- 
 
12 
88 
- 
- Corporate shares 
 59 
- 
- 
 
15 
5 
- 
Repurchase receivables 
relating to trading securities 
41 
- 
- 
3 
- 
- 
- Corporate shares 
 24 
- 
- 
 
3 
- 
- 
- Corporate bonds 
 13 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
- Corporate Eurobonds 
 4 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL 
62 
- 
 196 
- 
- 
197 
Debt investments at FVOCI 
3 283 
- 
- 
4 840 
- 
- 
- Russian Federation bonds and 
Eurobonds 
3 164 
- 
- 
4 280 
- 
- 
- Bonds of other states 
 119 
- 
- 
560 
- 
- 
Repurchase receivables 
relating to investments at 
FVOCI 
 88 
- 
- 
74 
- 
- 
- Bonds of other states 
88 
- 
- 
 
74 
- 
- 
Equity investments at FVOCI 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Other financial assets  
- 
 679 
- 
- 
567 
- 
- Foreign exchange derivatives 
- 
 515 
- 
- 
475 
- 
 - Receivables on conversion 
operations 
- 
67 
- 
- 
35 
- 
 - Receivables on operation with 
securities and derivatives 
- 
 60 
- 
  
- 
 42 
- 
- Other financial derivatives 
- 
37 
- 
- 
15 
- 
Non-financial assets 
- 
- 
 513 
- 
- 
408 
- Premises 
- 
- 
 476 
- 
- 
362 
- Investment properties 
- 
- 
 37 
- 
- 
46 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
Total assets recurring fair 
value measurements 
4 837 
811 
 709 
5 707 
700 
605 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities at fair value 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities  
- 
 673 
- 
5 
667 
- 
- Foreign exchange derivatives 
- 
 619 
- 
- 
641 
- 
- Other derivative financial 
instruments 
- 
 38 
- 
5 
15 
- 
- Payables on operations with 
securities 
- 
 16 
- 
- 
11 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
Total liabilities recurring fair 
value measurements 
- 
673 
- 
5 
667 
- 
  
  
F-139

--- Page 434 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
99 
38 
Fair Value Disclosures (Continued) 
Methods and assumptions for valuation of financial assets included in Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair 
valuation hierarchy 
Level 2. The fair value of financial derivatives allocated to Level 2 was determined based on the discounted cash 
flows (DCF) models with all significant inputs observable in the market (LIBOR, EURIBOR, Mosprime, the CBRF 
rates for foreign currencies). The fair value of securities with insignificant trading volumes was based on quotes 
provided by reputable brokerage houses. 
Level 3. Equity investments at FVOCI allocated to Level 3 represent investments in funds and have been valued 
using the fair value of net assets reported to the Group. The fair value of financial instruments mandatorily 
measured at FVTPL was based on the discounted cash flows (DCF) models and credit value adjustment which 
reflects the probability of default of counterparty and debit value adjustment which reflects the possibility of the 
Group’s default. 
A reconciliation of movements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy by class of financial instruments for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 was as follows:  
In millions of US Dollars 
Financial instruments 
mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL 
  
  
Fair value at 1 January 2020 
197 
  
 
Acquisition 
69 
Disposals 
(8) 
  
 
  
 
Fair value at 31 December 2020 
258 
  
 
  
 
Revaluation gains less losses recognised in profit or loss for the year for assets held 
at 31 December 2020 
- 
  
 
  
 
Revaluation gains less losses recognised in other comprehensive income for the 
year for assets held at 31 December 2020 
- 
  
  
A reconciliation of movements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy by class of financial instruments for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 was as follows:  
In millions of US Dollars 
Equity investments 
FVOCI 
Financial instruments 
mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL 
  
  
  
Fair value at 1 January 2019 
10 
248 
  
  
  
Disposals 
(10) 
(39) 
Effect of translation to presentation currency 
- 
(12) 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Fair value at 31 December 2019 
- 
197 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Revaluation gains less losses recognised in profit or loss 
for the year for assets held at 31 December 2019 
- 
- 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Revaluation gains less losses recognised in other 
comprehensive income for the year for assets held at 
31 December 2019 
- 
- 
  
  
  
 
F-140

--- Page 435 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
100 
38 
Fair Value Disclosures (Continued) 
Fair values analysed by level in the fair value hierarchy and carrying value of assets and liabilities not measured 
at fair value were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Carrying 
value 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Carrying 
value 
Assets  
Cash and cash equivalents 
1 455 
5 139 
- 
6 594 
1 140 
5 310 
- 
6 450 
- Cash on hand  
1 455 
- 
- 
1 455 
1 140 
- 
- 
1 140 
- Cash balances with central banks 
(other than mandatory cash 
balances) 
- 
1 667 
- 
1 667 
- 
2 147 
- 
2 147 
- Correspondent and settlement 
accounts with banks and financial 
institutions 
- 
2 468 
- 
2 468 
- 
2 586 
- 
2 586 
- Overnight placements with other 
banks 
- 
1 004 
- 
1 004 
- 
577 
- 
577 
 
 
 
 
Mandatory cash balances with 
central banks 
 - 
436 
- 
 436 
- 
422 
- 
422 
 
 
 
 
Due from other banks  
- 
4 076 
- 
4 076 
- 
3 542 
- 
3 542 
- Reverse sale and repurchase 
agreements with other banks 
- 
2 633 
- 
2 633 
- 
2 334 
- 
2 334 
- Term placements with other 
banks 
- 
1 443 
- 
1 443 
- 
1 208 
- 
1 208 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to 
customers 
- 
- 
41 846 
41 258 
- 
- 
39 276 
38 643 
- Corporate borrowers 
 - 
 - 
28 462 
28 221 
- 
- 
26 500 
25 957 
- Finance lease receivables 
 - 
 - 
1 426 
1 372 
- 
- 
1 452 
1 483 
- Reverse sale and repurchase 
receivables 
 - 
 - 
 590 
 590 
- 
- 
1 213 
1 213 
- Advances on lease operations 
 - 
 - 
 38 
 38 
- 
- 
48 
48 
- Personal instalment loans 
 - 
 - 
5 746 
5 392 
- 
- 
5 351 
5 327 
- Credit cards 
 - 
 - 
2 362 
2 400 
- 
- 
2 817 
2 711 
- Mortgage loans 
 - 
 - 
3 053 
3 076 
- 
- 
1 792 
1 800 
- Consumer (POS) loans 
 - 
 - 
 89 
 89 
- 
- 
45 
46 
- Reverse sale and repurchase 
receivables (individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 80 
 80 
- 
- 
58 
58 
 
 
 
 
Investment securities at AC 
1 549 
 461 
 - 
1 987 
1 719 
642 
- 
2 330 
- Corporate Eurobonds 
1 180 
162 
- 
1 308 
1 236 
160 
- 
1 368 
- Corporate bonds 
342 
299 
 - 
646 
482 
482 
- 
961 
- Bonds of other states 
 27 
 - 
 - 
33 
1 
- 
- 
1 
Repurchase receivables relating 
to investments at AC 
 318 
- 
- 
 310 
58 
- 
- 
58 
- Corporate Eurobonds 
197 
- 
- 
 190 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Corporate bonds 
83 
- 
- 
 82 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Bonds of other states 
38 
- 
- 
 38 
58 
- 
- 
58 
 
 
 
 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
 130 
 130 
- 
- 
157 
157 
- Plastic card debtors 
- 
- 
61  
61 
- 
- 
59 
59 
- Other 
- 
- 
69 
69 
- 
- 
98 
98 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total  
3 322 
10 112 
41 976 
54 791 
2 917 
9 916 
39 433 
51 602 
  
F-141

--- Page 436 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
101 
38 
Fair Value Disclosures (Continued) 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Carrying 
value 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Carrying 
value 
Liabilities 
Due to other banks 
- 
2 826 
- 
2 826 
- 
2 448 
- 
2 448 
- Correspondent accounts and 
overnight placements of other 
banks 
- 
736 
- 
 736 
- 
520 
- 
520 
- Term placements of other banks 
- 
1 327 
- 
1 327 
- 
1 647 
- 
1 647 
- Sale and repurchase agreements 
with other banks 
- 
507 
- 
 507 
- 
138 
- 
138 
- Loans received under a secured 
lending programme 
- 
105 
- 
 105 
- 
139 
- 
139 
- Term deposits with the CBRF 
- 
151 
- 
 151 
- 
4 
- 
4 
 
 
 
 
Customer accounts 
- 
43 731 
- 
43 708 
- 
41 574 
- 
41 422 
Commercial organisations 
 
 
 
 
- Current/settlement accounts 
 - 
10 514 
 - 
10 514 
- 
8 530 
- 
8 530 
- Term deposits 
 - 
7 851 
 - 
7 837 
- 
8 735 
- 
8 722 
  
 
 
 
 
Individuals 
  
 
 
 
- Current/demand accounts 
 - 
17 707 
 - 
17 707 
- 
13 058 
- 
13 058 
- Term deposits 
 - 
4 028 
 - 
4 028 
- 
7 689 
- 
7 563 
 
 
 
 
State and public organisations 
  
 
  
 
- Current/settlement accounts 
 - 
411 
 - 
 411 
- 
255 
- 
255 
- Term deposits 
 - 
3 220 
 - 
3 211 
- 
3 307 
- 
3 294 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities issued 
3 387 
 231 
 62 
3 664 
3 409 
355 
138 
3 876 
- Notes 
1 776 
- 
- 
1 766 
1 836 
- 
- 
1 809 
- Rouble denominated bonds 
 1 597 
- 
- 
1 594 
1 563 
- 
- 
1 550 
- Promissory notes 
- 
 231 
- 
 229 
- 
355 
- 
369 
- Euro Commercial Paper Notes 
- 
- 
 50 
 49 
- 
- 
126 
126 
- Euro denominated bonds 
- 
- 
 12 
 12 
- 
- 
12 
12 
- US Dollars denominated bonds 
 14 
- 
- 
 14 
10 
- 
- 
10 
 
 
 
 
Loan from the SDIA 
- 
 620 
- 
452 
- 
568 
- 
470 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated debt 
 812 
- 
- 
 807 
1 063 
462 
40 
1 566 
- Subordinated notes maturing in 
2025 
 812 
- 
- 
 807 
857 
- 
- 
847 
- Subordinated loan from VEB 
maturing in 2020 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
462 
- 
462 
- Subordinated notes maturing in 
2020 
- 
- 
- 
- 
206 
- 
- 
217 
- Subordinated loan maturing in 
2023 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
40 
40 
 
 
 
 
Other financial liabilities 
- 
- 
 274 
 274 
- 
- 
260 
260 
- Trade creditors 
- 
- 
 55 
 55 
- 
- 
58 
58 
- Provision on credit related and 
other commitments 
- 
- 
 42 
 42 
- 
- 
39 
39 
- Loyalty programs liability and 
commissions deferral 
- 
- 
 38 
 38 
- 
- 
39 
39 
- Accrued deposit insurance 
expenses 
 - 
- 
 25 
 25 
- 
- 
 36 
 36 
- Commissions on guaranties 
- 
- 
9 
9 
- 
- 
23 
23 
- Plastic card and other settlements 
- 
- 
 5 
 5 
- 
- 
5 
5 
- Other 
- 
- 
 100 
 100 
- 
- 
60 
60 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total  
4 199 
47 408 
 336 
51 731 
4 472 
45 407 
438 
50 042 
  
Cash and cash equivalents are carried at AC which approximates current fair value. 
Loans and receivables carried at AC. The fair value of floating rate instruments is normally their carrying 
amount. The estimated fair value of fixed interest rate instruments is based on estimated future cash flows 
expected to be received discounted at current interest rates for new similar instruments with similar credit risk and 
remaining maturity.  
Investments at AC. The fair value of investments at AC has been determined by reference to published price 
quotations. 
F-142

--- Page 437 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
102 
38 
Fair Value Disclosures (Continued) 
Due to banks and customer accounts carried at AC. The estimated fair value of fixed interest rate instruments 
with stated maturity, for which a quoted market price is not available, was estimated based on expected cash 
flows discounted at current interest rates for new instruments with similar credit risk and remaining maturity. 
Discount rates used were consistent with the credit risk of the individual entities depending on currency and 
maturity of the instrument. 
Debt securities issued. The fair value of traded securities has been determined by reference to published price 
quotations. The fair value of the rest of the debt was estimated on the basis of discounted cash flows using interest 
rates for similar instruments. 
Subordinated debt. The fair value of traded subordinated debt has been determined by reference to published 
price quotations. The fair value of the rest of the debt was estimated on the basis of discounted cash flows using 
interest rates for similar instruments. 
39 
Related Party Transactions 
For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are generally considered to be related if one 
party has the ability to control the other party, is under common control, or can exercise significant influence over 
the other party in making financial or operational decisions as defined by IAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”. In 
considering each possible related party relationship, attention is directed to the substance of the relationship, not 
merely the legal form. 
Banking transactions are entered into in the normal course of business with related parties. These transactions 
include settlements, loans, deposit taking, guarantees, trade finance, corporate finance, foreign currency 
exchange and other transactions. 
In the tables below amounts related to the caption “other related parties” are represented by associates and joint 
ventures of the Group. 
As at 31 December 2020 the outstanding balances with related parties were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
31 December 2020 
The 
Sharehol-
ders 
ABHH Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
manage-
ment 
Other 
related 
parties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
- 
- 
2 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
50 
- 
- 
4 
- 
RUR, effective contractual rate of 6.3% 
- 
- 
- 
2 
- 
USD, effective contractual rate of 6.7% 
50 
- 
- 
- 
- 
EUR, effective contractual rate of 1.6% 
- 
- 
- 
2 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Receivables 
- 
- 
13 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
- 
- 
12 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer accounts 
67 
236 
194 
20 
1 
Current/settlement accounts 
39 
236 
21 
18 
1 
RUR, effective contractual rate of 0.0% - 4.0% 
5 
- 
21 
2 
1 
USD, effective contractual rate of 0.0% - 0.4% 
24 
236 
- 
11 
- 
EUR, effective contractual rate of 0.0% 
10 
- 
- 
5 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Term deposits 
28 
- 
173 
2 
- 
RUR, effective contractual rate of 2.7% - 8.5% 
7 
- 
173 
1 
- 
USD, effective contractual rate of 0.01% - 1.4% 
15 
- 
- 
1 
- 
EUR, effective contractual rate of 0.1% 
6 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Payables 
- 
- 
4 
66 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
F-143

--- Page 438 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
103 
39 
Related Party Transactions (Continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 income and expense items with related parties were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
The 
Sharehol-
ders 
ABHH Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
manage-
ment 
Other 
related 
parties 
Interest income 
3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
(1) 
- 
(9) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
- 
- 
226 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission eхрense 
- 
- 
(6) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gains less losses arising from trading in foreign 
currencies for the year 
- 
- 
4 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Other expenses 
- 
- 
- 
(48) 
(6) 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 the outstanding balances with related parties were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
31 December 2019 
The 
Sharehol-
ders 
ABHH Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
manage-
ment 
Other 
related 
parties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
- 
- 
9 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
50 
- 
7 
5 
- 
RUR, effective contractual rate of 8.4% - 9.0% 
- 
- 
- 
3 
- 
USD, effective contractual rate of 2.8% - 6.7% 
50 
- 
7 
1 
- 
EUR, effective contractual rate of 2.8% - 5.0% 
- 
- 
- 
1 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Receivables 
- 
- 
12 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
- 
- 
12 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer accounts 
106 
18 
180 
13 
5 
Current/settlement accounts 
63 
18 
16 
5 
1 
RUR, effective contractual rate of 0.0% - 5.5% 
5 
- 
15 
1 
1 
USD, effective contractual rate of 0.0% - 0.2% 
42 
18 
1 
2 
- 
EUR, effective contractual rate of 0.0% 
16 
- 
- 
2 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Term deposits 
43 
- 
164 
8 
4 
RUR, effective contractual rate of 3.9% - 8.5% 
- 
- 
164 
2 
4 
USD, effective contractual rate of 0.4% - 3.2% 
16 
- 
- 
6 
- 
EUR, effective contractual rate of 0.1% - 5.5% 
27 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated loan 
- 
40 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Payables 
- 
- 
1 
36 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantees issued 
- 
- 
8 
- 
- 
  
F-144

--- Page 439 ---
ABH Financial Limited 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 31 December 2020 
 
104 
39 
Related Party Transactions (Continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 income and expense items with related parties were as follows: 
In millions of US Dollars 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
The 
Sharehol-
ders 
ABHH Subsidiaries 
of ABHH 
Key 
manage-
ment 
Other 
related 
parties 
Interest income 
3 
- 
2 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
(2) 
(2) 
(9) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
- 
- 
167 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission eхрense 
- 
- 
(4) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Other expenses 
- 
- 
(1) 
(37) 
(8) 
  
Key management of the Group represents members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board of Alfa-
Bank and the Board of Directors the Company. Key management compensation is presented below: 
In millions of US Dollars 
2020 
2019 
Key management compensation accrued as at the reporting date 
66 
36 
 
- short-term bonuses 
14 
8 
- long-term bonuses 
52 
28 
 
  
 
Key management compensation expense for the year 
48 
37 
 
- salaries 
8 
9 
- short-term bonuses 
13 
10 
- long-term bonuses 
27 
18 
  
 
The long-term bonuses are settled within three years period following date of granting. Refer to Note 23 for the 
information on distributions made by the Company. 
 
 
 
 
F-145

--- Page 440 ---
1 
1 
] 
FBK 
Grant Thornton 
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" 
Consolidated Financial Information with 
Independent Auditor's Report 
as of 01 .01.2021 
Moscow I 2021 
F-146

--- Page 441 ---
] 
] 
] 
J 
] 
l 
l 
J 
] 
J 
FBK 
@ Grant Thornton 
An instinct for growth"' 
Independent Auditor's Report 
To the Shareholders of JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK'' 
Opinion 
We have audited the consolidated financial information of JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" and its 
subsidiaries (hereinafter - Group), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2021 
(Form 0409802), the consolidated statement of financial results for 2020 (Form 0409803) and information on 
the composition of participants of the banking (consolidated) group, the level of sufficiency of own funds and 
the amount of provisions for doubtful loans and other assets as of January 1, 2021 (Form 0409812) 
(hereinafter - financial information). Financial information was prepared by the management of JOINT-
STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" in accordance with the rules contained in the instruction of October 08, 
2018 N 4927-U "About the list, forms and procedures for the preparation and presentation of reporting forms 
of credit institutions to the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (hereinafter - instruction of the Central 
Bank of the Russian Federation). 
In our opinion, attached financial information has been prepared in all material respects in accordance with 
the rules contained in the instructions of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, and present fairly the 
financial position of the Group as of January 1, 2021 , as well as the results of its activities during 2020. 
Basis of Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Rules of 
Independence of the Auditors and Audit Organizations and The Code of Professional Ethics of the Auditors, 
which are in accordance with International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including international standards of independence), and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for 
the Financial Information 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance 
with Russian accounting standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to 
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error. 
In preparing the financial information, management is responsible for assessing the entity's ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the entity or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so. 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing thftAt~'6 financial r~,i:twi· ~lliGli.a&Sit 
001 
F-147

--- Page 442 ---
J 
J 
I • 
J 
J 
J 
FBK 
@ Grant Thornton 
An instinct for growth
"' 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Information 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial information as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial information. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
a) identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial information, whether due to fraud or
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
b) obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
entity's internal control.
c) evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by the directors.
d) conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the
financial information or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions
may cause the entity to cease to continue as a going concern.
e) evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial information, and whether the
financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those in charge of corporate governance with a statement that we have complied with all 
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and informed them about all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be considered to influence our independence as auditors, and, if necessary, 
about appropriate safeguards. 
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" 
Independent Auditor's Report 
TRANSLATION NOTE: Our report has been prepared in Russian and in English. I 
of infonnation, views or opinions, the Russian version of our report takes preceden
Um11N'I 1i,t1iti1 com 
FBK 
Auditor's repert 
002 
2 
F-148

--- Page 443 ---
1 
J 
J 
.. 
J 
l 
"' 
] 
I 
I 
I 
I 
l 
FBK 
@ Grant Thornton 
An instinct for growth"' 
President of FBK, LLC 
zov 
1 ation certificate 
~ation number 21606043397) 
ina 
Head of the audit 
,cation certificate as of 14.05.2014 
0653, registration number 21806021441) 
Date of the auditor's report: 
15 March 2021 
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" 
Independent Auditor's Report 
TRANSLATION NOTE: Our report has been prepared in Russian and in Englis . 
of infonnation. views or opinions, the Russian version of our report takes prece 
FBK 
Auditor's report 
003 
3 
F-149

--- Page 444 ---
J 
J 
• 
l 
I 
I 
I 
l 
l 
J 
J 
I 
FBK 
@ Grant Thornton 
An instinct for growth"' 
Audit entity 
Name: 
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" 
Place of business: 
107078, Moscow, Kalanchevskaya St , 27. 
Official registration: 
Auditor 
Name: 
FBK, LLC 
Place of business: 
44/1, 2AB, Myasnitskaya St, Moscow, 101990, 
Russian Federation. 
Official registration: 
State Registration Certificate No 1326 issued on 
State 
Registration 
Certificate 
series 
l03 
3 
16.01.2015. 
No. 484.583 pn issued by Moscow Registration 
Chamber on 15 November 1993. 
The registration entry was made in the Unified State 
Register of Legal Entities on 26.06.2002 under 
primary 
state 
registration 
number 
(OGRN) 
1027700067328. 
The registration entry was made in the Unified State 
Register of Legal Entities on 24 July 2002 under 
primary 
state 
registration 
number 
(OGRN) 
1027700058286. 
Membership In a self-regulatory auditor 
organization: 
Self-regulatory organization of auditors Association 
"Sodruzhestvo". 
Number in the register of audit organizations 
registered with the self-regulatory audit 
organization: 
Certificate of membership in the Self-regulatory 
organization of auditors Association "Sodruzhestvo" 
No. 7198, principal number of registration entry 
(ORNZ)-11506030481. 
FBK 
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" 
Auditor's report 
Independent Auditor's Report 
. 
. 
TRANSLATION NOTE: O~r _report has be~n prepared in Russian and in Englisht1:II matters of interoreta~1-~~-~-
of information, views or opinions, the Russian version of our report takes preced 
bit•" · 
· 
4 
F-150

--- Page 445 ---
J 
J 
J 
l 
l 
J 
] 
] 
J 
Bank Financial StatQment:s 
Credit institution code 
OKATO 
Territory code 
Main State 
Registriltion number 
OKPO 
Re9istre.tion 
(/Serial nWllb<i>rJ 
BIC 
Number 
45286565000 
09610444 
1027700067328 
1326 
044525593 
consolidated Balance Sheet 
as of 01.01.2021 
Abbreviated name of the Parent Credit Institution: AO ALE'A .. BANK 
Maiilinq Address: 27 K41,lanchevskaya Str., Moscow, 107078 
No 
Items 
l 
2 
I 
ASSETS 
1 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2 
Accounts with central banks 
2.1 
Accounts with the ce.nt.ral Bank of the Russian Federation 
2 .1.1 
Statutory reserves 
3 
Amounts due from credit institutions 
4 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost, including: 
4 .1 
loans and accounts receivables, incl\Jdinü: 
4. 1.1 
loans to credit institutions 
4. l.2 
loans to legal entiti4s (not credit institutions) and individuals 
4. 2 
debt securities 
5 
Financial ass.ets at fair value through other comprehensive income, 
including: 
5, l 
debt securities 
5.1.1 
bills of exchange 
5.2 
equity securities 
5.3 
loans 
6 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, including: 
6.1 
dabt securities, including: 
6.1.l 
de.bt securities, transferred without derecognition 
6.2 
equity securities, including: 
6.2.1 
equity securititu;, transferred without derecognition 
6.3 
loans 
7 
Investments in dependent and other organizations - participants of the 
bankinq group 
8 
Investments Accounted by the Equity Method 
9 
Fixed aasets and inventories 
9.1 
investment property 
10 
Goodwill and Intangible assets, including: 
10 .1 
goodwill 
10.2 
intangible assets (except for rights for servicing mortgage loans) 
10.3 
rights for servicin9 mortgage loans 
11 
Tax assets, including: 
11. l 
deferred tax assets, including: 
11.1.1 
deferred t&x assets for deductible temporary differenQes 
11.l.2 
deferred tax asset for cielerreid losS9$ 
12 
Other assets 
13 
Assets and groups of clssets held tor sale 
14 
Total 
a$sets 
OI<UO code o 4 09802 
Quarterly 
In RUB'000 
At the comparative 
At the reporting date 
date of the previou$ 
year 
3 
4 
394010293 
291963413 
176277544 
162493808 
130875733 
144436875 
31525121 
25509332 
272773660 
232734772 
3249342092 
2525508837 
3057908526 
2365109048 
0 
0 
3057908526 
2365109048 
191433566 
160399789 
2'9697842 
333189115 
264518848 
320853273 
0 
0 
15178994 
12335842 
0 
0 
145995409 
81556324 
103314323 
50928685 
1609083 
0 
1351231 
529833 
0 
11665 
1171717 
1004451 
10467408 
4316482 
0 
0 
49595514 
34648716 
1016576 
719481 
12637364 
7373087 
0 
0 
12637364 
7373087 
0 
0 
23846709 
22409732 
14164256 
20243217 
14164256 
20003722 
0 
239495 
101090572 
57933992 
336713 
291137 
4716071120 
3754419415 
Limited klob,1;,,. •--" 
FBK 
Auditor's report 
•· 
005 
OOHN lt1217tJOOsgýþb Mo,cow 
.......... _n, 
J 
. I 
I 
' 
. 
. 
.. 
. .. 
. 
t 
-
-
~ 
. 
F-151

--- Page 446 ---
11 
LIABILITIES 
15 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, including: 
3969004511 
3211263186 
15. l 
loans, deposits and other funds of central ban.ks 
0 
0 
J 
15.2 
lOilOS, depo.si ts and other funds of the Central Bank of the Russicln 
18477532 
8599781 
Federation 
15.3 
amounts due 
to credit institutions 
177072439 
175228042 
15 . 4 
amounts due to cus tomers (non-credit institutions) 
1749477103 
1340973182 
l 
15.5 
amounts of individuals 
1669109377 
1361465125 
15. 6 
debt securities issued 
354868060 
324997056 
1 6 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or losa, including: 
45856952 
39072630 
l 
16 . l 
amounts due to customers (non-credit institutions) 
0 
0 
16 . 2 
amounts of individuals 
0 
0 
16.3 
amoun ts due to credit 1.nstitutions 
0 
0 
16 . C 
debt $GCUri ties issutad 
0 
0 
17 
Tax liabi liti es, i ncluding-: 
30564372 
14082537 
17 .1 
deferred tax liabilities 
24908918 
13394781 
J 
17.2 
deferred tax liabilities, related to goodwill. 
0 
0 
17 .3 
det erred tax liabilities, related t o recognition of intangible asse ts 
0 
(except for r ights for servicing mortgage loans) 
0 
J 
17. 4 
deferred tax l iabilities, -related to recognition of rights f or servicinq 
0 
0 
mortgage loans 
18 
Liabilities included in the disposal group held for eale 
0 
0 
19 
Other liabi lities, including: 
70728498 
61195070 
19.1 
l iabilities on pension provision 
0 
0 
l 
20 
Provisions for possible losses on credit-related contingent l iabilit ies, 
3554691 
5068696 
other possible losses and residents of offshore zones 
21 
Total liabilities 
4119709024 
3330682119 
l 
III 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
22 
Shareholders' (members') equi ty, i ncluding; 
59587623 
59587623 
22.1 
core ca.pi tal 
59587623 
59587623 
22.2 
add-on cap,i tal 
0 
0 
l 
23 
Share premium 
1810961 
1810961 
24 
Treasury shares (participatory interests) 
0 
0 
25 
Revaluation of financial aeeet s a;t f a i -r value through other comprehensi ve 
6346811 
4267946 
income 
l 
2 6 
Revalua t .ion of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
0 
0 
27 
Reva luation of fi xed assets and i ntangible assets 
5263041 
5174157 
J 
28 
Revaluati on of assets and liabili.ti e s of the 
non-resident mellbers of the 
6735730 
2103983 
group 
29 
Reval uati on of a;v:,.ilable-for-sale securities financi al assets at their 
0 
0 
fair value 
30 
Reval uation of the fair value of a financial l iability due to changes in 
0 
0 
credit risk 
31 
Revaluation of cash flow hedgi ng instrume.nts 
0 
0 
32 
Other components in equity, i ncluding: 
0 
0 
J 
32.l 
allowance for expected credit losses 
0 
0 
32.2 
fi.nancial instruments included in equity components 
0 
0 
33 
Profit (loss) 
514489193 
348497677 
l 
33. 1 
profit (loss) for the re.porting period 
165892505 
54574242 
34 
Interest ot minority shareholders (members) 
21~8737 
I 
2294949 
35 
Total shareholders' equity 
596/ )2096/i 
423737296 
l 
f I 
o'<>\ll~_f:Jso 
Oepu ty Chairman of the Executive Board, 
. 
'/ 
Chief Fim1ncial Officer, Member of the Execu 
~ oard 
4-? 
A.£. Tebo 
lov 
~ 
d 
~ 
A 
0 
., 
.,. 
:r 
~I 
O'I 
-
M. p ,. 
::I" 
:r 
HK 
.,. 
Deputy Chief Accountant, Head ot reporting 
006 
F-152

--- Page 447 ---
-, 
,J 
J 
Ill 
Bank Financial Stat ... nts 
Cr-.ht inaUtution codtl 
OKATO 
Territory code 
~- ltate 
Req.iatr•Uon noaber 
OICPO 
ktagistraU.on 
C/Seriu nuabu) 
BlC 
-· 
•5216565000 
opuo•u 
1027700067328 
1326 
0U5255P3 
Conaoli dated ltat~t ot financi al r•su1ta 
for 2020 
Al>bnviated n ... ot the ••rent Credl.t. Ina U.tuti on: AO ALFA-BAIOC 
Mailing AddNas : 27 Kalanchevat.aya $tr. , Moacow, 107078 
SKtlon I . Prati t and loas 
llo 
1.1 
1.2 
1 . 2.1 
1 2.2 
1.2.3 
1. 3 
1.4 
1. 4 .1 
1 . 4. 2 
1. 5 
2.1 
2.2 
2.3 
2.3. l 
2.3.2 
2' 4 
3 
5 
6 
6.1 
7 
7 .1 
8.1 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
ltU1e 
Total intereat incoae, including: 
place-.nta with credit i11ab.tutiona 
financial ••••t..a aeaaured at aaort1sed coat, includin9: 
loan a and accounts due (except tor financial l••••> to credit inau. tution1 
loan• and account• due Ce.x.cept tor financial lease) to cuatoaera (non-
cr.dit 1-n..at.ituUona) 
investment• in debt aecuritiea 
financial l•••• service• 
inveatae.nt• 1.n debt a.curiti•• 
••••ur.ct at fa.ir value throu9h profit or loaa 
meaaured at fur value through other comprehenai.ve inoaae 
AdjustJlie.DU that inc.re••• 1-ntereat incoae on the d1ffer•nce between 
prov1aiona tor poaaibl• lossea and allowuce for expected credit losses 
pl•cetMnta troa credit lnaUtution• 
cuato,ner accounts (non ... credi t inau tut.ion•) 
debt ••curi tlea issued 
aea.-ured at fair value 
.. asured at aaorti■ed cost 
adJuabMnta th•t 1ncreaae intereat expenae on the difference between 
allowance tor expected credit 1011•• and proviaiona tor poaail>l• lo•••• 
IHt -1-ntereat 1-ncoae (net u,te..reat -.xpe.AM■) 
Total change 1n provia1ona tor losses on loan• and account. receivable in 
credit inaUtut.iona 
Net inteNat income (net inter-eat eapenaea) after prov1a1on tor poaa1ble 
10 .... 
H•t 1-nccae Cnet expen•••> trca tinanci•l aaaet.s a t fair value through 
prot1t or lo•• 
net income (net erpen1e1) frOlft financial ••••ta held tor tradino 
Met expe.n••• (net 1-ncoe,e) troa tinanCl.al liabilitiea at fur value throug·h 
profit or lo•• 
net ex:penae (net inc01r1e) trom financi-1 liabili ti•• held tor trading 
Net 1ncoae (net e.xpenaea) troa t.ranaaction■ with financaal ••••t• at fair 
value through other ccapreben■lw incaae 
net 1nooae Cnet e.xpen•••> f'roa tranaact.J.ona v1th financial ••••t• at fair 
value through other ooaprehenaive incoae reclassified trom equity to profit 
or loss for th• rePOrUnq date 
)let 1nC011.• (net upe.tt,Ma) troa inveataenu ... sured at U10ruaN cost 
Met lncoae Cnet expeneea) trom trans1-at.1on of foreign currency 
Net incorne (net expen•••> trOII dealing in foreign currency 
Ineoae in th• form of dividend.a 
t'N and coa111ea1on inooee 
1-.pairment 101 ■ on financial a•••t• at fa.ir value th.rough other 
ooaprehe.na1-ve 1ncoae 
Chano• in provision for poeaible loaae.a on inveatmenta ••••ured at 
Ntiortieed coat 
Change in provision for poaaibl• loaaes on investaente --••u..red at t'air 
va.lue through other coaprebenaive 1-ncom.e 
Cbanoe ian proviaion tor other lo•••• 
At th• reportJn9 date 
3 
491553372 
7517124 
2UPU010 
0 
23.097468 
108?5542 
0 
11859273 
6118451 
12740822 
220183965 
253810669 
8689322 
18214929 
9188428 
0 
9188429 
147717990 
237742703 
-133877131 
103165572 
15768262 
0 
0 
0 
U1588 
0 
2251 
11908089 
87066502 
128930 
UH21869 
3'054263 
0 
48323 
OKUD code 0 409103 
Quuterly 
In IWII' 000 
At t.he coapa.rative 
date o t the previoua 
Y-• 
11241032 
2331656'1 
0 
221931636 
11234015 
416 
191710'6 
392'886 
15951210 
163211212 
231372911 
11756201 
96282U6 
8821642 
0 
8121642 
12151202 
18913042' 
- 50317087 
138813339 
- 37872828 
-37172121 
0 
-1114051 
-1114051 
UU03 
6557101 
-24019214 
90375 
113979884 
30450442 
0 
83792 
I 
414&9697 
ill Ul86 
. 
• 
,I 
, . 
Lvd to ... s report 
_ ! Q O / 
{)(,l(f'I.I , nJ -t•,r • , ,-, 
fl,, iu.•- -
-••-~•.,. '"' -~•--•-, 
F-153

--- Page 448 ---
19 
Other operating income 
8140586 
9074411 
20 
Net income (expenses) 
374877U3 
163142790 
21 
Administrative and other operating expenses, ineludinq: 
167835507 
89039801 
21.l 
impairtnent of fixed assets 
0 
33973 
21.2 
impairment of investment property 
0 
0 
21.3 
impairment of goodwill 
0 
0 
21.4 
revaluation of loans oranted and other funds placed at tair value th.rouoh 
0 
0 
profit or loss 
21.5 
revaluation ot funds r•ised at fair value through profit or loss that is 
0 
0 
not related to chilnges in credit risk 
21. 6 
expenses for hedging trimsaotions 
0 
0 
21.7 
additional accrual of allowance for expected credit losses 
38744613 
13348310 
22 
Income from bargain 
0 
0 
23 
Profit (loss) on assets and groups of assets available-for-sale 
0 
0 
24 
Profit (loss) be.fore tax 
207041906 
74102989 
25 
Tax.es accrued (paid) 
41708867 
19815953 
26 
Profit (loss) of banking group members accounted by the Equity M<!thod 
0 
0 
27 
Profit (loss) for the reporting period, including: 
165333039 
54287036 
27 .1 
unused profit (loss) for the reporting period, attributable to the group 
165892505 
54574242 
27 . 2 
unused profit (loss) for the roporting period, attributable to minority 
-559466 
-287206 
shareholders (members) 
J 
Section II Other comprehensive income 
A.t the comparative 
No 
Items 
At the report ing- date 
&lte of the previous 
year 
1 
2 
3 
4 
1 
Profit. (loss) for the reporting- period 
165333039 
54287036 
2 
other comprehensive income (loss) 
X 
X 
3 
Items reclassified in profit or loss, total, including: 
8 493 
936543 
3 . 1 
change in provision on tixed as.sets revaluation 
8493 
936543 
3.2 
change in provision of revaluation ot liabilities (claims) on pensions of 
0 
0 
empl oyees according to the programe with eet.ilbliehed paymQnts 
] 
3.3 
changQ in fair va.luo of financial assets at fair value through other 
0 
0 
comprehensive income 
change in other compr-ehensi ve income due to changes in credit risk of 
3.4 
financial liabilities measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
0 
0 
income 
3 . 5 
ch•nges in allowance for expect ed credit losses on financial asset& a.t fair 
0 
0 
value through other comprehensive income 
changes i n def err ed tax liabiliti es and (or) deferred tax assets in respect 
3.6 
of balances on active (passive) ba lance accounts, the chan9e in the amount 
0 
0 
of which is reflected in the accoun t.s ot additional capital 
4 
I ncome tax r e l ating to items which can not be reclassified in profit or loss 
2077 
188131 
5 
Other comprehensive income (loss) which can not be reclaas:itied in profit or 
6416 
748412 
l oss, les s income t ax 
6 
Items which can be reclassified in profit or loss, total, including: 
2724749 
5992271 
] 
6. 1 
change i n revaluation tor financia l assets at tair value through other 
2724749 
5992271 
comprehensive income 
6 . 2 
change in val ue of hedging instruments 
0 
fl 
0 
7 
Income tax on i te.m.s which can be reclassified in profit or loss 
5634} 6 
I I 
1158070 
8 
Fi nancial result for the reporting period 
1615oo/f88 
I I 
59869649 
b I j Tchoukhlov 
Deputy Chairman of the Executi ve Boar d, 
'i>\ll.~_EJs 0 
Chief Financial Officer, M'QJllber of the Ex,ec 
" 
ard 
. 
'I-? 
0 
~ 
~ 
6 
(l 
A 
0 
,., 
.,, 
"' 
~I -
M f. 
:r 
Deputy Chief Account-nt, He.-d of reportin 
M. v. Sheiko 
limt~ 11,..,,,11~· ... on, ... 'h' 
'l 
FBI< 
> i 
Auditor's re~ ort 
~ 
()r.!ltl\ ilt] 1-i,:::_11;\fi'f(1, MnKn... 
·-•--!.AJ""ij!IU'IIIIW"'I 008 
F-154

--- Page 449 ---
... 
Sank Financial Statements 
d 
J 
credit institution code 
OKATO 
Territory code 
Main state 
Registration number 
OKPO 
Registration 
(/Seri•l number) 
BIC 
Number 
45286565000 
09610444 
1027700067328 
1326 
044525593 
Disclosure of Members of the Banking (Consolidated) group, Capital Adequacy and Provisions for: Ooubtful Loans and Other Assets 
as of 01.01.2021 
Abbreviated name of tha Parent Credit Institution: AO ALFA-SANK 
Mailing Address: 27 Kalanchevskaya str., Moscow, 107078 
No 
I t@mS 
1 
2 
1 
MQffl.bers of the banking group 
1 . 1 
Joi nt Stock Compilny 
ALFA- BANK 
(Open Joint Stock company) 
1 . 2 
s·ubsidiary Bank Alta- Bank, Joint-Stock Compilny 
1.3 
AMSTERDAM TRADE BANK N.V. 
1. 4 
sosny, Limi ted Liability Company 
(Boarding House for Rest and Treatment Sosny, Limited Liability Company) 
1. 5 
Zalesye, l,imited Liability company 
1.6 
BSK- Rea.l Estate, Limi ted Liability Comp~ny 
1. 7 
Sentinel Credit Management 1 Limited Liabi lity Company 
1. 8 
The main 
company 
Information and Computer Center of Moscow , Open Joint-stock 
1.9 
Amsterdam Trade capital Administration Corporation B.V. 
1. 10 
Fund of assistance to entrepreneurship SOZIDANIE 
(Noneomrnercial organization Fund SOZIDANIE) 
1 .11 
Fund ot support of inter-national economic training and cultural dialoque 
Employee Social security Fund JSC ALFA-BANK 
1. 12 
(Nonconuner:ciAl organization 
Employee social security FUnd support OJSC 
Alfa- Bank) 
1.13 
supporting !und of axhlbition pavil ion a t Venetian biennale 
1.14 
charity Foun.dation for Support of Scholarshi p and Social Chari table Prog r ams 
Alfa Chance 
1.15 
Al fa Bond Issuance public limited company 
1.16 
Alfa Future People, Limited Liability Company 
1.17 
Alfa Leasing, Limited Liability Company 
1. 18 
Goldline, Limited Liability Company 
1.19 
lnterqroup, Limited Liability company 
1. 20 
Alfa Mobi le, Limited Liabi lity Company 
1. 21 
LK AL, Limited Liability Company 
(Alta Leasing (Leasing co·mpany), Limi t e d Liabil ity Company) 
1. 22 
AL Service, Limited Liability company 
1.23 
Alfa Forex, Limit ed Liability Company 
1 . 24 
Shop Pashkov, Limited Liabi lity Company 
1.25 
Alfa Direct servi ce, Limited Liability Cofftpany 
1.26 
Po t ot.Digita l, Limi t ed Li ability Company 
1. 27 
ATB ESPP B. V, 
1 , 28 
ALFA CAPITAL HARJ<ETS LTD 
At the comparative 
At the reporting date 
date ot the previous 
year 
3 
4 
100. 000 
100. 000 
77 . 790 
74. 726 
100.000 
100. 000 
100 .000 
100 .000 
100 .000 
100 .000 
100.000 
100 . 000 
100 .000 
100 .ooo 
77,790 
74 . 726 
0 .000 
0.000 
0 , 000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0 .ooo 
0.000 
100. 000 
100.000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
1 00. 000 
100 , 000 
100 . 000 
100.000 
10 0. 000 
100 . 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100. 000 
100 . 000 
21. 000 
60 .000 
60. 000 
3 0. 644 
22. 065 
100.000 
100. 000 
-
.M'll1t,c.1u,.t,,,,,1 '-"'f':•e.t••h 
. 
FBK 
f 
Auditor's report 
.. 009 
(',( 
tii ~ 10:', }•.::_1:1)IC''.~b Mu\ec,rr. 
~",..,....,,..,. 
I 
F-155

--- Page 450 ---
J 
J 
I I 
• I 
• I 
• I 
' I 
• I 
I 
I 
2 
2.1 
2.2 
2.3 
2. 4 
Capital adequacy and prov:isiona ~or doubtf'ul lo.n1 and other asaeta cNated 
by th• Group 
Sha.reholders' equity, RUB' 000 
Req-ulatory c;.,pital adequacy ratio, % 
~tually .accrued pr0V1 ■ions for poaslble losses, RU'B-'000 
Deputy Chai~ of the Executive Board, 
Chief Financial Officer, Heaber of th• Execut1,....C/I\J;,.~.,..----.:; 
Deputy Chie.t Accountant, He.ad of reporting 
592'71'61 
497958126 
8.0 
8.0 
13.03 
12 . • 
FBK 
Auditor's reoor1 
010 
F-156

--- Page 451 ---
I I 
• I 
~1 
J 
J 
~j 
:J 
'J 
:J 
I 
FBK 
~L 
Limtt«l h1hth '°"' . 
~1-~·1 
Auditor's rep()rt 
-
1 i O 11 
-
F-157

--- Page 452 ---
I 
I 
l 
[ 
I 
[ 
[ 
F-158

--- Page 453 ---
Ф Б К
О Грант Торнтон
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK"
Consolidated Financial Information with 
Independent Auditor’s Report
as of 01.01.2020
Moscow I 2020
F-159

--- Page 454 ---
FBK
GrantThornton
An instinct for growth
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK"
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial information of JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" and its 
subsidiaries (hereinafter -  Group,), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2020 
(Form 0409802), the consolidated statement of financial results for 2019 (Form 0409803) and information on 
the composition of participants of the banking (consolidated) group, the level of sufficiency of own funds and 
the amount of provisions for doubtful loans and other assets as of January 1, 2020 (Form 0409812) 
(hereinafter -  financial information). Financial information was prepared by the management of JOINT- 
STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" in accordance with the rules contained in the instruction of October 08, 
2018 N 4927-U "About the list, forms and procedures for the preparation and presentation of reporting forms 
of credit institutions to the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (hereinafter -  instruction of the Central 
Bank of the Russian Federation).
In our opinion, attached financial information has been prepared in all material respects in accordance with 
the rules contained in the instructions of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, and present fairly the 
financial position of the Group as of January 1,2020, as well as the results of its activities during 2019.
Basis of Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Rules of 
Independence of the Auditors and Audit Organizations and The Code of Professional Ethics of the Auditors, 
which are in accordance with International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including international standards of independence), and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for 
the Financial Information
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance 
with Russian accounting standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to 
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error.
In preparing the financial information, management is responsible for assessing the entity’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the entity or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK"
Independent Auditor’s Report
TRANSLATION NOTE: Our report has been prepared in Russian and in English. In all matters of interpretation of 
information, views or opinions, the Russian version of our report takes precedence over the English version.
001
1 из 3
F-160

--- Page 455 ---
FBK
Grant Thornton
An instinct for growth-
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the entity’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Information
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial information as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial information.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
a) identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial information, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
b) obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
entity’s internal control.
c) evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the directors.
d) conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may 
cast significant doubt on the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
financial information or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the entity to cease to continue as a going concern.
e) evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial information, and whether the 
financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those in charge of corporate governance with a statement that we have complied with all 
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and informed them about all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be considered to influence our independence as auditors, and, if necessary, 
about appropriate safeguards.
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK"
Independent Auditor’s Report
TRANSLATION NOTE: Our report has been prepared in Russian and in English. In all matters of interpretation 
of information, views or opinions, the Russian version of our report takes precedence over the English version.
2 из 3
F-161

--- Page 456 ---
FBK
GrantThornton
An instinct for growth-
President of FBK, LLC
Head of the audit
Date of the auditor’s report: 
27 March 2020
v4 EHHO*7
.CfjvrepC(
hapiguzov
cation certificate
00123d; registration number 21606043397) 
A.A. Terekhina
(audit qualification certificate as of 14.05.2014 
No. 03-000653, registration number 21806021441)
Audit entity
Name:
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK”
Place of business:
107078, Moscow, Kalanchevskaya St., 27.
Official registration:
State Registration Certificate No 1326 issued on 
16.01.2015.
The registration entry was made in the Unified State 
Register of Legal Entities on 26.06.2002 under 
primary 
state 
registration 
number 
(OGRN) 
1027700067328.
Auditor
Name:
FBK, LLC
Place of business:
44/1, 2AB, Myasnitskaya St, Moscow, 101990, 
Russian Federation.
Official registration:
State 
Registration 
Certificate 
series 
ЮЗ 
3 
No. 484.583 РП issued by Moscow Registration 
Chamber on 15 November 1993.
The registration entry was made in the Unified State 
Register of Legal Entities on 24 July 2002 under 
primary 
state 
registration 
number 
(OGRN) 
1027700058286.
Membership in a self-regulatory auditor 
organization:
Self-regulatory organization of auditors Association 
"Sodruzhestvo".
Number in the register of audit organizations 
registered with the self-regulatory audit 
organization:
Certificate of membership in the Self-regulatory 
organization of auditors Association "Sodruzhestvo" 
No. 7198, principal number of registration entry 
(ORNZ)- 11506030481.
JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "ALFA-BANK" 
0  0  J
Independent Auditor’s Report 
VJ Ь  v.
TRANSLATION NOTE: Our report has been prepared in Russian and in English. In all matters of interpretation 
of information, views or opinions, the Russian version of our report takes precedence over the English version.
3 из 3
F-162

--- Page 457 ---
Bank Financial Statements
OKATO
Territory code
Credit institution code
OKPO
Main State 
Registration 
Number
Registration number 
(/Serial number)
BIC
45286565000
09610444
1027700067328
1326
044525593
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
as of 01.01.2020
Abbreviated name of the Parent Credit Institution: AO ALFA-BANK 
Mailing Address: 27 Kalanchevskaya Str., Moscow, 107078
OKUD code 0409802
Quarterly 
In RUB'000
NO
Items
At the reporting date
At the comparative 
date of the previous 
year
i
2
3
4
i
ASSETS
i
Cash and cash equivalents
291963413
219095154
2
Accounts with central banks
162493808
130005425
2.1
Accounts with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation
144436875
118272141
2.1.1
Statutory reserves
25509332
22626050
3
Amounts due from credit institutions
232734772
288719194
4
Financial assets measured at amortised cost, including:
2525508837
0
4.1
loans and accounts receivables, including:
2365109048
0
4.1.1
loans to credit institutions
0
0
4.1.2
loans to legal entities(not credit institutions) and individuals
2365109048
0
4.2
debt securities
160399789
0
4a
Loans and accounts receivables
2035757514
4b
Investments held-to-maturity
0
183212270
5
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, 
including:
333189115
0
5.1
debt securities
320853273
0
5.1.1
bills of exchange
0
0
5.2
equity securities
12335842
0
5.3
loans
0
0
5a
Financial assets available-for-sale
0
311115432
6
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, including:
81556324
97061990
6.i
debt securities, including:
50928685
0
6 .1.1
debt securities, transferred without derecognition
0
0
6.2
equity securities, including:
529833
0
6.2.1
equity securities, transferred without derecognition
11665
0
6.3
loans
1004451
7
Investments in dependent and other organizations - participants of the 
banking group
4316482
13083644
8
Investments Accounted by the Equity Method
0
0
9
Fixed assets and inventories
34648716
27195703
9.1
investment property
719481
1393760
10
Goodwill and Intangible assets, including:
7373087
4641902
10.1
goodwill
0
0
10.2
intangible assets (except for rights for servicing mortgage loans)
7373087
4 641902
10.3
rights for servicing mortgage loans
0
0
11
Tax assets, including:
22409732
10235502
11.1
deferred tax assets, including:
20243217
6644610
11.1.1
deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences
20003722
0
11.1.2
deferred tax asset for deferred losses
239495
0
12
Other assets
57933992
70303704
13
Assets and groups of assets held for sale
291137
2800
14
Total assets
3754419415
3390430234
004
F-163

--- Page 458 ---
]
II
LIABILITIES
15
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, including:
3211263186
2923577336
15.1
loans, deposits and other funds of central banks
0
0
15.2
loans, deposits and other funds of the Central Bank of the Russian 
Federation
8599781
7946804
15.3
amounts due to credit institutions
175228042
169951708
15.4
amounts due to customers (non-credit institutions)
1340973182
1416973130
15.5
amounts of individuals
1361465125
1220300828
15.6
debt securities issued
324997056
108404866
16
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, including:
39072630
31329939
16.1
amounts due to customers (non-credit institutions)
0
0
16.2
amounts of individuals
0
0
16.3
amounts due to credit institutions
0
0
16.4
debt securities issued
0
0
17
Tax liabilities, including:
14082537
6173514
17.1
deferred tax liabilities
13394781
3022643
17.2
deferred tax liabilities, related to goodwill
0
0
17.3
deferred tax liabilities, related to recognition of intangible assets 
(except for rights for servicing mortgage loans)
0
0
17.4
deferred tax liabilities, related to recognition of rights for servicing 
mortgage loans
0
0
18
Liabilities included in the disposal group held for sale
0
0
19
Other liabilities, including:
61195070
45927940
19.1
liabilities on pension provision
0
0
20
Provisions for possible losses on credit-related contingent liabilities, 
other possible losses and residents of offshore zones
5068696
15411784
21
Total liabilities
3330682119
3022420513
III
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
22
Shareholders' (members') equity, including:
59587623
59587623
22.1
core capital
59587623
59587623
22.2
add-on capital
0
0
23
Share premium
1810961
1810961
24
Treasury shares (participatory interests)
0
0
25
Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
4267946
-464216
26
Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
0
0
27
Revaluation of fixed assets and intangible assets
5174157
4222998
28
Revaluation of assets and liabilities of the non-resident members of the 
group
2103983
5090364
29
Revaluation of available-for-sale securities financial assets at their 
fair value
0
0
30
Revaluation of the fair value of a financial liability due to changes in 
credit risk
0
0
31
Revaluation of cash flow hedging instruments
0
0
32
Other components in equity, including:
0
0
32.1
allowance for expected credit losses
0
0
32.2
financial instruments included in equity components
0
0
33
Profit (loss)
348497677
294772583
33.1
profit (loss) for the reporting period
54574242
104519460
34
Interest of minority shareholders (members)
2294949 f /  
2989408
35
Total shareholders' equity
423737296/
/  
368009721
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board,
Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Executive Board
Deputy Chief Accountant, Head of reporting
A. E‘; Tchoukhlov
M.V. Sheiko
005
F-164

--- Page 459 ---
Bank Financial Statements
OKATO
Territory code
Credit institution code
OKPO
Main State 
Registration 
Number
Registration number 
(/Serial number)
BIC
45286565000
09610444
1027700067328
1326
044525593
Consolidated Statement of financial results 
for 2019
Abbreviated name of the Parent Credit Institution: AO ALFA-BANK 
Mailing Address: 27 Kalanchevskaya Str., Moscow, 107078
OKUD code 0409803 
Quarterly 
In ROB'000
Section I. Profit and loss
No
Items
At the reporting date
At the comparative 
date of the previous 
year
1
2
3
4
1
Total interest income, including:
427503407
225622108
1.1
placements with credit institutions
11248032
15260927
1.2
financial assets measured at amortised cost, including:
233165651
180773060
1.2.1
loans and accounts due (except for financial lease) to credit institutions
0
0
1.2.2
loans and accounts due (except for financial lease) to customers (non­
credit institutions)
221931636
180773060
1.2.3
investments in debt securities
11234015
0
1.3
financial lease services
416
1625
1.4
investments in debt securities
19878096
0
1.4.1
measured at fair value through profit or loss
3926886
0
1.4.2
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
15951210
0
1.4a
investments in securities
0
29586496
1.5
Adjustments that increase interest income on the difference between 
provisions for possible losses and allowance for expected credit losses
163211212
0
2
Total interest expenses, including:
238372981
98783992
2.1
placements from credit institutions
11756201
9715197
2.2
customer accounts (non-credit institutions)
96282446
82436730
2.3
debt securities issued
8821642
0
2.3.1
measured at fair value
0
0
2.3.2
measured at amortised cost
8821642
0
2.3a
debt instruments issued
0
6632065
2.4
adjustments that increase interest expense on the difference between 
allowance for expected credit losses and provisions for possible losses
121512692
0
3
Net interest income (net interest expenses)
189130426
126838116
4
Total change in provisions for losses on loans and accounts receivable in 
credit institutions
-50317087
-8355737
5
Net interest income (net interest expenses) after provision for possible 
losses
138813339
118482379
6
Net income (net expenses) from financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss
-37872828
33428174
6.1
net income (net expenses) from financial assets held for trading
-37872828
33428174
7
Net expenses (net income) from financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss
0
86420
7.1
net expense (net income) from financial liabilities held for trading
0
86420
8
Net income (net expenses) from transactions with financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income
-1114051
0
8.1
net income (net expenses) from transactions with financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income reclassified from equity to profit 
or loss for the reporting date
-1114051
0
8a
Net income (net expenses) from financial assets, available-for-sale
0
-16946
9
Net income (net expenses) from investments measured at amortised cost
444603
0
9a
Net income (net expenses) from investments held-to-maturity
0
-11448
10
Net income (net expenses) from translation of foreign currency
6557101
5278175
11
Net income (net expenses) from dealing in foreign currency
-24019214
29172654
12
Income in the form of dividends
90375
3680053
13
Fee and commission income
113979884
96957009
14
Fee and commission expense
30450442
29778848
15
Impairment loss on financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
0
0
F-165

--- Page 460 ---
I
!
I
!
1
]
I
Щ’
1
I
16
Change in provision for possible losses on investments measured at 
amortised cost
83792
0
16a
Change in provision for possible losses on held-to-maturity securities
0
-152470
17
Change in provision for possible losses on investments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income
0
0
17a
Change in provision for possible losses on held-to-trading investements
0
-18
18
Change in provision for other losses
-12444186
-15439959
19
Other operating income
9074417
6640715
20
Net income (expenses)
163142790
248325890
21
Administrative and other operating expenses, including:
89039801
108784761
21.1
impairment of fixed assets
33973
0
21.2
impairment of investment property
0
0
21.3
impairment of goodwill
0
0
21.4
revaluation of loans granted and other funds placed at fair value through 
profit or loss
0
0
21.5
revaluation of funds raised at fair value through profit or loss that is 
not related to changes in credit risk
0
0
21.6
expenses for hedging transactions
0
0
21.7
additional accrual of allowance for expected credit losses
13348310
0
22
Income from bargain
0
0
23
Profit (loss) on assets and groups of assets available-for-sale
0
-1314604
24
Profit (loss) before tax
74102989
138226525
25
Taxes accrued (paid)
19815953
33957390
26
Profit (loss) of banking group members accounted by the Equity Method
0
0
27
Profit (loss) for the reporting period, including:
54287036
104269135
27.1
unused profit (loss) for the reporting period, attributable to the group
54574242
104519460
27.2
unused profit (loss) for the reporting period, attributable to minority 
shareholders (members)
-287206
-250325
Section II■ Other comprehensive income
No
Items
At the reporting date
At the comparative 
date of the previous 
year
1
2
3
4
1
Profit (loss) for the reporting period
54287036
104269135
2
Other comprehensive income (loss)
X
X
3
Items reclassified in profit or loss, total, including:
936543
-664449
3.1
change in provision on fixed assets revaluation
936543
-664449
3.2
change in provision of revaluation of liabilities (claims) on pensions of 
employees according to the programs with established payments
0
0
3.3
change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
0
0
3.4
change in other comprehensive income due to changes in credit risk of 
financial liabilities measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
0
0
3.5
changes in allowance for expected credit losses on financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income
0
0
3.6
changes in deferred tax liabilities and (or) deferred tax assets in respect 
of balances on active (passive) balance accounts, the change in the amount 
of which is reflected in the accounts of additional capital
0
0
4
Income tax relating to items which can not be reclassified in profit or loss
188131
-121255
5
Other comprehensive income (loss) which can not be reclassified in profit or 
loss, less income tax
748412
-543194
6
Items which can be reclassified in profit or loss, total, including:
5992271
-3561083
6.1
change in revaluation for financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
5992271
0
6.1a
change in provision of revaluation of financial assets available for sale
0
-3561083
6.2
change in value of hedging instruments
0
0
7
Income tax on items which can be reclassified in profit or loss
1158070
-684998
8
Financial result for the reporting period
59869^49
/ /  
100849856
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board,
Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Executive Board
Deputy Chief Accountant, Head of reporting
0C7
F-166

--- Page 461 ---
Bank Financial Statements
OKATO
Territory code
Credit institution code
OKPO
Main State
Regis tration 
Number
Registration number 
(/Serial number)
BIC
45286565000
09610444
1027700067328
1326
044525593
Disclosure of Members of the Banking (Consolidated) group, Capital Adequacy and Provisions for Doubtful Loans and Other Assets
as of 01.01.2020
Abbreviated name of the Parent Credit Institution: AO ALFA-BANK 
Mailing Address: 27 Kalanchevskaya Str., Moscow, 107078
No
Items
At the reporting date
At the comparative 
date of the previous 
year
1
2
3
4
1
Members of the banking group
1.1
Joint Stock Company ALFA-BANK 
(Open Joint Stock Company)
1.2
Subsidiary Bank Alfa-Bank, Joint-Stock Company
100.000
100.000
1.3
AMSTERDAM TRADE BANK N.V.
74.726
73.370
1.4
Sosny, Limited Liability Company
(Boarding House for Rest and Treatment Sosny, Limited Liability Company)
100.000
100.000
1.5
Zalesye, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.6
BSK-Real Estate, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.7
Venetian Pavilion, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.8
Sentinel Credit Management, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.9
The main Information and Computer Center of Moscow , Open Joint-Stock 
company
100.000
100.000
1.10
Amsterdam Trade Capital Administration Corporation B.V.
74.726
73.370
1.11
Fund of assistance to entrepreneurship SOZIDANIE 
(Noncommercial organization Fund SOZIDANIE)
0.000
0.000
1.12
Fund of support of international economic training and cultural dialogue
0.000
0.000
1.13
Employee Social Security Fund JSC ALFA-BANK
(Noncommercial organization Employee Social Security Fund support OJSC 
Alfa-Bank)
0.000
0.000
1.14
Supporting fund of exhibition pavilion at Venetian biennale
0.000
0.000
1.15
Charity Foundation for Support of Scholarship and Social Charitable Programs 
Alfa Chance
0.000
0.000
1.16
Alfa Bond Issuance public limited company
0.000
0.000
1.17
Alfa Future People, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.18
Alfa Leasing, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.19
Goldline, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.20
Intergroup, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.21
Alfa Mobile, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.22
LK AL, Limited Liability Company
(Alfa Leasing (Leasing company), Limited Liability Company)
100.000
100.000
1.23
AL Service, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.24
Alfa Forex, Limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.25
Shop Pashkov, limited Liability Company
100.000
100.000
1.26
Alfa Direct Service, Limited Liability Company
21.000
21.000
1.27
Potok.Digital, Limited Liability Company
60.000
100.000
1.28
ATB ESPP B.V.
22.065
21.389
1.29
GEO NPK, Limited Liability Company
100.000
0.000
1.30
ALFA CAPITAL MARKETS LTD
100.000
0.000
F-167

--- Page 462 ---
2
Capital adequacy and provisions for doubtful loans and other assets created 
by the Group
2.1
Shareholders' equity, RUB'000
497958726
455048989
2.2
Regulatory capital adequacy ratio, %
6.0
8.0
2.3
Actual capital adequacy ratio, %
12.4
12.9
2.4
Actually accrued provisions for possible losses, RUB'000
236454162
268040014
Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board,
Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Executive Board
Deputy Chief Accountant, Head of reporting
A.E. Tchoukhlov
M.V. Sheiko
oou
F-168

--- Page 463 ---
F-169

--- Page 464 ---
F-170

--- Page 465 ---
BORROWER 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK” 
27 Kalanchevskaya Street 
107078 Moscow 
Russian Federation 
ISSUER 
Alfa Bond Issuance plc 
3rd Floor, Kilmore House 
Park Lane, Spencer Dock 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER 
Joint Stock Company “ALFA-BANK”  
27 Kalanchevskaya Street 
107078 Moscow 
Russian Federation 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE BORROWER 
As to English, Russian and U.S. law 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
Ul. Gasheka 6, Ducat III, Office 510 
Moscow 125047 
Russia 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER 
As to Russian law 
Baker & McKenzie - CIS, Limited 
White Gardens, 10th Floor 
9 Lesnaya Street 
Moscow 125196 Russia 
As to English and U.S. law 
Baker & McKenzie LLP 
100 New Bridge Street 
London EC4V 6JA 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
As to Irish law 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
As to English law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London 
EC1A 2FG 
TRUSTEE 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York  
Mellon, London Branch  
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 466 ---
AUDITORS TO ABH FINANCIAL LIMITED 
AO PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
White Square Office Center 
10 Butyrsky Val 
125047 Moscow 
Russian Federation 
AUDITORS TO ALFA BANK 
In respect of reporting periods subsequent to  
31 December 2016 
 “FBK” Limited Liability Company 
Myasnitskaya Str., 44/1, Bld. 2АB  
2101990 Moscow  
Russian Federation 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland