--- Page 1 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
1 
Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 
 
 
 
Alliander N.V. 
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability and having its 
corporate seat in Arnhem) 
Euro 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Alliander N.V. 
(the "Issuer" or "Alliander", formerly know n as n.v. Nuon) may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed betw een the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below ).  
Subject as set out herein, the Notes w ill have a minimum maturity of one year and a maximum maturity 
of forty years. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding w ill not exceed 
Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Notes w ill be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, w hich appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the "Dealers"). The Dealer or Dealers w ith w hom the Issuer 
agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of 
those Notes. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus or 
of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme w hich have a minimum denomination of less than Euro 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency). 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined herein) w ill (unless otherw ise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) initially be represented by a global Note w hich w ill be deposited on or about the issue date thereof w ith a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other agreed clearance system. See “Form of the Notes” herein. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This 
Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and its validity will expire on 15 July 2022.  
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes issued under the Programme up to 
the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam 
("Euronext Amsterdam").  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading and listing on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information not contained herein w hich is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes w ill be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) 
w hich w ill be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further exchanges or markets as may be agreed betw een the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any exchange or quotation system or market.

--- Page 2 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
2 
The Issuer may agree w ith any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes herein, in w hich case a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, w ill be 
made available w hich w ill describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes w ill be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law  by virtue of the European Union (Withdraw al) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"), respectively, w ill be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amounts payable on Notes w ith a floating rate of interest may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, The 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law  by virtue of the European Union (Withdraw al) Act 2018 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation").  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law . 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of the base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 relating to the 
Programme. 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
ING 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Rabobank

--- Page 3 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................. 7 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ........................................................................................................ 19 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................. 23 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 25 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................ 41 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................... 63 
ALLIANDER N.V. ............................................................................................................... 65 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ALLIANDER N.V. ................................ 74 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................... 76 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................... 80 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................. 84

--- Page 4 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
herein, respectively, shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Alliander N.V. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 724500XBZ9QOPTI11U82  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
ING Bank N.V. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Regulatory Matters: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements from time to time. See “Subscription 
and Sale” herein and the following summary of certain 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London branch 
Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Size: 
Up to Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong Kong dollars, New 
Zealand dollars, Swedish kroner, Swiss francs, United States 
dollars, sterling and Japanese yen. 
Maturities: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a 
maturity date of less than one year or which have a maturity date 
of more than forty years. Subject thereto, Notes may be issued 
with any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
restrictions. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 5 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
5 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes 
will initially be in the form of either a temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form ( a "New Global 
Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable as described 
therein for either a Permanent Global Note or definitive Notes 
upon certain conditions including, upon certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global 
Note is exchangeable for definitive Notes either (i) upon not less 
than 60 days' notice or (ii) upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, as described in "Form of the Notes" herein. Any interest 
in a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance 
system, as appropriate. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than, if 
applicable, for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving irrevocable notice as is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms 
as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. See Condition 6 
for further details. 
Denomination of Notes: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied in the 
Netherlands, subject to certain exceptions as provided in 
Condition 7. 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
See Condition 9(iii). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and, subject as provided in 
Condition 3, with all other present and future unsecured and

--- Page 6 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
6 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those preferred 
by mandatory provisions of law. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), respectively, will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading and listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Notes may also 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to each issue. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The Final 
Terms relating to each issue will state whether or not the Notes 
are to be admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation and, if so, 
by which listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the laws of the 
Netherlands, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, 
and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale” herein. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. 
The risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil 
their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
''Risk factors'' below.

--- Page 7 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
7 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors 
which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus factors which could materially 
adversely affect its businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the 
order in which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the 
risks actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential 
negative impact to the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The 
Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described 
below may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some 
risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider 
all of the risk factors set out in this section. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE ISSUER 
1. Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Credit Rating Risk 
The Issuer's current credit rating has been issued by credit rating agencies S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Moody’s France SAS ("Moody’s"). There is a risk of a negative 
adjustment of the credit rating of the Issuer resulting from changes implemented by S&P and or 
Moody’s with respect to rating criteria, rating method or assumptions. Negative adjustment of the 
credit rating may also occur because of deteriorating financial ratios, because of the expected 
increase in capital expenditure by the Issuer in relation to the energy transition in The Netherlands. 
The Issuer is dependent on its access to capital and money markets for its financing. A lower credit 
rating could affect such access to capital and money markets, financing costs and the terms and 
conditions imposed by parties in the business sector. This could reduce the Issuer’s funding options 
and result in higher financing costs which in principle has an impact on all newly issued short and 
long term debt of the Issuer. This could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financing costs, 
profits, cash flows and financial position.  
Risk related to the effects of Covid-19 on the credit markets 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the uncertainties regarding the risks related to the effects 
of Covid-19 on the credits markets are easing given the vaccinations programs which are now rolled 
out on a large scale. Although a new contagious variant could increase the uncertainties and the 
volatility in credit markets again. Although as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Covid-19 no longer 
has a material impact on the Issuer’s business, the final extent of the risk posed by Covid-19 in the 
future is unclear; if the impact of the virus is severe or prolonged, this may result in greater volatility 
but also in reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit 
markets again. This may have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer's financial performance and 
position in future. 
Risks related to Cross Border Lease Agreements 
In the period 1998 to 2000, various energy companies in the Netherlands, including the Issuer, 
entered into cross-border leases ("CBLs") for networks. These concern complex financial transactions 
with long durations which have been structured in such a way that the amounts placed on deposit and 
invested in securities (including interest received) at the start of the contracts are sufficient to meet the 
future payment obligations (lease instalments and amounts payable upon the possible exercise of the 
purchase option). The risk in respect of CBLs consists of an early termination of the transaction as a 
result of the occurrence of certain events of default or loss as laid down in the documentation, where 
the Issuer is liable to pay the termination value. This risk is proactively monitored, partly through a CBL-
committee whereby a clear policy for the CBLs has been formulated and is actively adhered to.

--- Page 8 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
8 
The total net carrying amount of the networks covered by cross-border leases at year-end 2020 
was approximately €680 million (year-end 2019: €660 million). At the end of 2020, a total of USD 3,112 
million (2019: USD 3,002 million) was held on deposit with several financial institutions or invested in 
securities in connection with these transactions. 
At the end of 2020, the maximum ‘strip risk’ (the portion of the ‘termination value’ – the possible 
compensation payable to the American counterparty in the event of early termination of the transaction 
– which cannot be settled from the deposits and investments held for this purpose) for all transactions 
together amounted to USD 72 million (2019: USD 140 million). The strip risk is affected by market 
developments. 
If risks related to CBLs materialise, this could negatively influence the net profit, cash flows and 
the financial position of the Issuer.  
Interest Rate Risk 
The interest rate risk relates to all newly issued short and long term debt. At the end of 2020, the 
issuer had no short term debt or long term debt that needed to be refinanced in 2021. The average 
outstanding ECP is expected to be €100 million in 2021, in addition, the Issuer’s €400 million bond 
that matures in November 2022 will be refinanced. If such interest rate risk materialises, this could 
negatively influence the net profit, cash flows and the financial position of the Issuer. 
Commodity Price Risk 
The commodity price risk relates to the procurement of electricity due to the fact that the grid 
operators have to replace electricity that is lost during the distribution (technical loss, measurement 
failures and energy theft). The annual average grid losses of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, 
"Alliander") are estimated at approximately 1.4TWh. The procurement is done on a 3 year rolling 
forward basis. In 2020, annual procurement cost was € 68 million. 
 
The typical characteristics of commodity markets - specifically illiquidity, from time to time - 
may cause considerable changes in commodity prices and, therefore, may influence the net profit, 
cash flows and financial position of the Issuer. 
Counterparty risk 
International financial institutions are counterparties to the Issuer's interest rate and foreign 
currency hedge transactions (e.g. cross currency interest rate swaps) which the Issuer has executed 
to hedge the currency and interest rate risk on (US) private placements. Should one or more of these 
Issuer’s counterparties descend into financial difficulties or bankruptcy, there is the risk that such 
counterparty cannot or will not meet its delivery or payment obligations. This risk mainly relates to 
foreign currency swaps that are used in combination with short term paper issued in USD or GBP. 
Over the past 5 years this involved on average 5 transactions per annum of each USD 65 million. If 
such counterparty risk materialises, this could negatively influence the net profit, cash flows and the 
financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks related to invoice collection 
The energy suppliers in The Netherlands invoice and collect the grid costs from customers and 
each grid operator receives its grid costs from the supplier, based on an agreed verification process. 
The Issuer will be dependent on the revenue collection processes of energy suppliers and thus has 
exposure to credit risks on both customers (indirectly) and energy suppliers (directly). As a result, 
customers or suppliers may pay invoices later or not at all; the risks thereof may increase as a result of 
the recent emergence of Covid-19 and its impact on corporate default rates and delayed payments or 
non-payments. In each case, this may have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer's financial 
performance and position in future. 
(Re)financing risk 
The Issuer finances itself by use of financial markets. Therefore, the Issuer is sensitive to 
general financial market conditions. More specific, the Issuer is facing a substantial increase in 
financing needs in the future years due to the energy transition in The Netherlands and the higher 
associated investment levels. Looking forward we expect annual gross investment levels to increase 
to €1.2 billion compared to levels around €700-900 million in 2018-2020. The Issuer seeks external 
financing, either in the form of public or private financing or other arrangements, which may not be 
available on attractive terms or may not be available at all. As a consequence, the Issuer might not

--- Page 9 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
9 
be able to invest as scheduled. Any limitations on the Issuer’s ability to invest as scheduled, could 
affect the Issuer’s cash flows, liquidity and financial flexibility. For regulatory reasons, fee increases 
to compensate for extra energy transition investments are not granted until the next regulatory period 
and may not be granted at all if the Issuer is unable to invest as scheduled. This could affect its ability 
to execute its strategic plans, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and profitability. 
 
2. Legal and regulatory risk 
Impact of Dutch regulatory framework on revenue, profits and financial position of the Issuer 
The revenue, profits, and financial position of the Issuer could be affected by the regulatory 
framework in two different ways: 
The regulated activities of the Issuer depend on licences, authorisations, exemptions and/or 
dispensations in order to operate its business. These licenses, authorisations, exemptions and/or 
dispensations may be subject to withdrawal, amendment and/or additional conditions being imposed 
on the regulated activities of the Issuer which could affect the revenue, profits and financial position of 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s income depends on dividends received from its subsidiaries. The Issuer’s largest 
subsidiary, Liander N.V. (the "Grid Manager"), derives its revenues to a large extent from regulated 
activities. These revenues depend on governmental regulations and European legislation, which implies 
that the Issuer’s net income is sensitive to regulatory amendments. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Economic Affairs is working on a new energy 
act, which should consolidate the existing Electricity Act and Gas Act, adjust the Dutch legislation to 
relevant European legislation and insert flexibility to comply with requirements for the Dutch renewable 
energy transition. The new legislation will not come into force before 2023. 
The impact of the Dutch regulatory framework in its current form on the income of the Issuer 
can be illustrated by the fact that in 2020, around 85% of the Issuer's consolidated revenues were 
generated by regulated activities. 
The revenues of the Grid Manager are subject to ex ante regulation by the Energy Department 
of the Dutch Authority for Consumers & Markets (the "ACM"). Therefore the regulatory framework has 
a substantial effect on the dividend income of the Issuer.  
The impact of the regulatory framework on the revenues of the Grid Manager can be described 
as follows. The revenues of the Grid Manager are dependent on a series of consecutive regulatory 
decisions of the ACM, notably the Regulation Method Decision (the "Method Decision") and secondly, 
the Efficiency Discount and Quality Factor Decisions as well as the Accounting Volume Decisions, 
which are applicable to a certain price control period and finally the annual tariff decisions. As a 
consequence the overall financial position of the Grid Manager is sensitive to regulatory decisions 
based on estimated productivity goals by the regulator which could be too stringent or too slack. The 
following paragraphs expand on some specific aspects of this risk, which are particularly relevant for 
the position of the Issuer.  
The allowed revenues are predominantly based on the (targeted) efficient cost level. Other 
factors that are taken into consideration are compensation payments for certain sufferance taxes and 
recalculation of the purchasing costs of TenneT, and (if applicable) recalculations due to juridical 
verdicts. 
The level of permitted revenues of the Grid Manager includes a component based on the real 
weighted average costs of capital (“WACC”). The variables used to calculate the WACC consist of 
estimates for the cost of equity, the cost of debt, the relative percentages of debt and equity in the 
capital structure, the corporate tax rate and the consumer price index. The cost of equity represents the 
expected return on investment for the shareholders. The Issuer is the sole shareholder of the Grid 
Manager. The cost of debt represents the expected cost of debt for a company with an "A" credit rating. 
As is the case for almost all other cost factors the ACM bases the WACC on data which precede the 
regulation period for which the WACC is determined. Thus, the WACC may incorrectly reflect the costs 
of capital which the Grid Manager will effectively incur during the relevant regulation period. For the 
coming tariff regulation period (2022 - 2026), the ACM has published a draft method decision with 
WACC with an estimated cost of equity of 3.15% and a cost of debt of 1.63% at the theoretical starting

--- Page 10 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
10 
point of 2021, decreasing in steps to 1.04% in 2026. In addition, the actual capitalisation of the Grid 
Manager may differ from the 50/50 debt/equity ratio assumed in the Method Decision, which would also 
have an impact on the profitability of the Grid Manager. Finally, the actual corporate tax rate may deviate 
from the corporate tax rate assumed in the Method Decision, which would have an impact on the 
profitability of the Grid Manager.  
In the draft method decision for the coming tariff regulation period (2022 – 2026) ACM has published 
some changes/additions to the current method decision. Most of the changes were made to the method 
decision of gas and are measures to secure the income of the Grid Manager by changing the allowance 
for capital expenditures (from a real WACC to a nominal WACC and change the method of depreciation 
from linear to variable declining balance method). ACM has also introduced some new recalculations 
for the interest parameters in the WACC and costs of removing elements of the gas network. 
If regulatory and legal risks materialise, this could influence the net profit, cash flows and the 
financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks related to the Dutch Climate Agreement 
The Issuer is consulting with the relevant stakeholders to work out in more detail how the 
arrangements provided for in the Dutch Climate Agreement (Klimaatwet) should be integrated in the 
Energy Act (Energiewet), the Collective Heating Supply Act (Warmtewet) and the Environment & 
Planning Act (Omgevingswet) with the National Strategy on Spatial Planning and the Environment 
(Nationale Omgevingsvisie). 
Policy and regulations within the energy domain have an impact the Issuer’s activities and 
profitability, with there being an apparent mismatch between laws and regulations and the Issuer’s 
ambitions. As a result, there is a risk that the Issuer has insufficient financial resources, and potentially 
insufficient flexibility to perform both its statutory duties and fulfil the desired role in the energy transition. 
This may affect the Issuer’s ability to facilitate the energy transition and achieve its objectives. 
3. Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Risks related to the realisation of work package 
Due to the energy transition in the Netherlands, the work volume is developing more quickly 
than anticipated. At the same time, the tight labour market for technical staff (combined with the long 
training period) makes it difficult to rapidly expand the Issuer’s workforce. Some customers are 
connected later than expected and technical network maintenance is sometimes delayed. As a 
consequence, the Issuer cannot satisfy all the demand or not within a timely manner. These 
developments may have a negative reputational effect for the Issuer. 
Risks related to Energy Transition / Capacity for Change 
The energy transition is accelerating. Society is in the throes of far-reaching electrification. The 
use of natural gas for residential heating is being phased out and the use of solar panels, wind farms, 
heat pumps and electric cars is becoming more widespread. Therefore, many parts of the electricity 
network need to be upgraded rapidly.  
The actual take-up of the new energy systems is difficult to predict. Owing to uncertainty 
surrounding the energy transition scenarios as regards the disciplines of electricity, gas and heat and a 
limited overall organisational focus, there is a risk that the Grid Manager has an inadequate overview 
of the regional and wider trends, making investment choices difficult.  
Lack of a timely anticipation of the impact of these developments could result in early write-off 
of unregulated assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial position. 
Risk related to privacy of energy data 
As part of Alliander’s energy network management activities, it has access to privacy-sensitive 
data. This concerns e.g. connections, energy contracts, usage and costs. Failure by Alliander to comply 
with all applicable rules and regulations in relation to privacy-sensitive data could potentially lead to 
fines, third party claims and loss of reputation and consequently could have an impact on the Issuer’s 
business, financial position and results of operations. In addition, Alliander may be required to incur 
significant costs to protect against or repair the damage caused by privacy violations.

--- Page 11 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
11 
Risk related to cyber crimes 
The energy networks and above-ground installations of Alliander’s Grid Manager Liander are 
steadily being digitised. At the same time, cyber-attacks with a political or terrorist motive are 
increasingly targeting vital infrastructure. A successful attack on its digitised networks may jeopardise 
the continuity of Alliander's services and this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial position.  
Future proof IT landscape 
Alliander needs an integrated IT architecture to be able to accommodate current and future 
primary processes and enable the energy transition. The current IT landscape is complex, which 
complicates the digital transformation to a data-driven network operator. The negative impact for the 
Issuer concerns the impact on costs and hence profitability of: 
• 
incorrect decision-making on large-scale contracts (e.g. purchasing tooling that Alliander ultimately 
does not use); 
• 
Repair work; 
• 
Delay of projects (no clear IT governance costs time and money); 
• 
Costs that come with a complex landscape; 
• 
No reuse of components due to lack of overview; 
• 
Not flexible to respond to change; or 
• 
High integration costs. 
Risks related to a depreciation period of 40-50 years 
 
The construction of energy networks is a long-term investment, based on an estimated useful 
life of 40 to 50 years. The Netherlands wants to become climate neutral by 2050, and one of the 
measures to achieve this is to replace natural gas for heating with sustainable heating solutions over 
the next 35 years. It remains to be seen whether, and if so, which part of the Issuer’s gas distribution 
networks will remain important in the long term for the distribution of, for example, alternative gases. 
Given the current useful life of 40 to 50 years, developments in the heating transition (such as natural 
gas-free districts) will also lead to part of the gas networks being taken out of use prematurely. The 
ACM is currently holding discussions on the financial implications with Liander and the other network 
operators. If these risks materialise, this could influence the net profit, cash flows and the financial 
position of the Issuer. 
 
RISKS FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES 
1. Risks related to the market 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market.

--- Page 12 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
12 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more 
attractive to investors.   
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances 
whilst the registration application is pending). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country non-EEA rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: 
(a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purpose of the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays

--- Page 13 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
13 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is 
will be set out on in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any of the factors indicated above could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
2. Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption 
subject to conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Call or Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable 
condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-
whole Redemption Date, as applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in 
the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by 
such dates so delayed. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor.  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Assets") (any Notes 
which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds"). Prospective investors 
should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green 
Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or 
an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to 
be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets will 
meet any or all investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other

--- Page 14 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
14 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy") or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets.  
The Issuer has commissioned ISS ESG to review the portfolio of the Eligible Green Assets, as well 
as the alignment of the Alliander Green Finance Framework with the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles 
and the LMA’s Green Loan Principles. ISS ESG will provide a second party opinion ("Second Party 
Opinion"). Potential investors should be aware that a Second Party Opinion will not be incorporated 
into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms which will complement 
this Base Prospectus. Any such Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net 
proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of “Green Bonds”. A Second Party Opinion would 
not constitute a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party 
Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of Second Party Opinions are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. Furthermore, it should 
be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of 
the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Green Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible 
Green Assets. No Dealer shall be responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds of any Notes.  
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Neither any such event or failure by the Issuer nor the 
withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion will constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green 
Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance Eligible Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating 
Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon 
a reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than 
market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase

--- Page 15 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
15 
in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase 
in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market in and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. 
If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may affect 
the value or payment of interest under the Notes 
Various interest rate benchmarks (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")) are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective, including the EU Benchmarks Regulation whilst others are still to 
be implemented.  
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, which became effective on 1 January 2018 in general, 
new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU-supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to 
the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fall-back provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fall-
back provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a

--- Page 16 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
16 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions set out in Condition 4(B)(ii) applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the 
EURIBORis to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA Determination 
applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the EURIBOR rate 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen 
Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference 
EURIBOR. 
The party that will determine the rate in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii) may be considered 
an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable (the "Rate Determination Agent"). This is the case if it is considered to be in control over 
the provision of the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of 
the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent 
and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario. This 
would mean that the Rate Determination Agent has control over the (i) administration of the 
arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collection, analysis or processes of input data for the 
purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determination of such rate through the application of a 
method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Rate 
Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate 
of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by the 
Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context 
of a fall-back scenario may be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Screen Rate 
Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and 
any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the 
applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario, is published or made available to the 
public and regularly determined by the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and 
on the basis of certain values or surveys. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable stipulates 
that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be 
registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which 
may include the Rate Determination Agent in the circumstances as described above) of certain 
benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorization, recognition or endorsement, preventing 
them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer 
provide such benchmark. As a result, a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period 
when EURIBOR was available, may apply to the Notes until the time that registration, authorised 
registration or endorsement of the relevant administrator has been completed or as substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate is available.   
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(b)(ii), the Rate 
Determination Agent will determine the rate, which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer, the 
Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations the Rate Determination Agent 
may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and

--- Page 17 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
17 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Notes. 
3. Risks related to Notes 
The condition of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders in physical 
or virtual form to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions 
in writing. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution, 
and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.   
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent 
of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a 
meeting of Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in 
place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Conditions of the Notes. Any 
such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders 
and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a 
Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch 
law or administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of the Netherlands in effect at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, as supplemented. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to Dutch, European or any other applicable laws, regulations or 
administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in laws may include 
amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the 
Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it.  
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in 
respect of any disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. The laws of the Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home 
jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the 
Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the 
Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were applied. This may 
lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact 
the return on the Notes. 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum specified 
denomination (a "Specified Denomination") plus one or more higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to 
sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 18 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
18 
Therefore, if such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive 
Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 19 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
19 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AFM. 
Any information from third-parties has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility accordingly. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document 
entered into in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied by the Issuer or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.  
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified all information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger not any Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 20 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
20 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to 
trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID II) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an 
EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (and for 
these purposes, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom). 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same or that there has been no adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer and any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
21 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Netherlands) and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons (see “Subscription and Sale” herein).  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed Euro 3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes 
(calculated as described herein)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “USD” refer to United States dollars 
and references to “euro”, “EUR”, “€” and “Euro” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a 
provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex

--- Page 22 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
22 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can 
be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 23 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
23 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the 
AFM shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the most recent Articles of Association (statuten) of the Issuer which are available at 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-NV-Articles-of-
association.pdf; 
(b) 
the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (English 
version) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Annual_report_2020_v98870.pdf. 
This annual report is the English translation of the Dutch Annual Report. The Dutch 
Annual Report is leading; 
(c) 
the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (English 
version) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://2019.jaarverslag.alliander.com/FbContent.ashx/pub_1037/downloads/v200326
104729/Alliander_Annual_Report_2019.pdf. This annual report is the English 
translation of the Dutch Annual Report. The Dutch Annual Report is leading; and 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in previous Base Prospectuses 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme:1  
(i) 
the Base Prospectus dated 17 October 2011, pages 34 to 54 (inclusive) which is 
available at https://werkenbij.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-EMTN-
Base-Prospectus-17-October-2011_tcm299-225572.pdf;  
(ii) 
the Base Prospectus dated 12 October 2012, pages 29 to 48 (inclusive) which is 
available 
at 
https://werkenbij.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_EMTN_Base_Prosp
ectus_12-October-2012_tcm299-250952_0.pdf; and  
(iii) 
the Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2015, pages 30 to 49 (inclusive) which is 
available 
at 
https://werkenbij.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_EMTN_2015_updat
e_-_Base_Prospectus-Approved-dated-5-October-2015.pdf.  
(iv) 
the Base Prospectus dated 23 October 2018, pages 34 to 55 (inclusive) which is 
available at https://werkenbij.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-MTN-
Update-2018-Base-Prospectus-Approved-Version-23-Octo....pdf.  
(v) 
the Base Prospectus dated 2 June 2020, pages 39 to 60 (inclusive) which is available 
at 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-Base-Prospectus-
dated-2-June-2020-.pdf.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the AFM in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Paying Agents (at their specified offices) will provide, without 
charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, upon the written 
or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the information which is incorporated herein by 
reference. Written or oral requests for such information should be directed to the specified office of any 
Paying Agent set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated 
parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any statements on the Issuer's competitive position 
included in this Base Prospectus (including in a document which is incorporated by reference herein) 
                                              
1  
It may be necessary to use a drawdown prospectus for some issues of fungible notes.

--- Page 24 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
24 
and where no external source is identified are based on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally 
available information. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
25 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) be initially 
represented by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global Note" and together with a 
Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest 
(if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the 
Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form only to 
the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests 
in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing 
system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) have given a like certification (based on the certifications 
they have received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall 
mean the clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is not less than 40 days after the date on 
which the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), as described therein and in the applicable Final Terms, either for (a) 
interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same series or (b) for definitive Notes of the same series 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” herein) the Agent shall arrange that, where a Temporary Global Note 
representing a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN 
and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the ISIN and 
common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series. 
Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form with Coupons or Talons for further 
Coupons attached. Definitive Notes and global Notes will be to bearer. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
the relevant clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form without 
any requirement for certification. The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part for security printed definitive Notes with, 
where applicable, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons attached. Such exchange may be 
made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  
An "Exchange Event" means (1) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred 
and is continuing, (2) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday,

--- Page 26 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
26 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (3) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were 
the Notes represented by the global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  
In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the global Note may give notice to 
the Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur no later than 45 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the Agent. 
Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. As at the date 
hereof, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg regard Notes in global form as fungible with 
Notes in definitive form. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes, where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the 
Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 9 of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a global Note 
and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to his account with the relevant clearing 
system(s) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from 
the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms 
of such global Note, holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant 
clearing system(s) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements 
of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) and subject to the terms of the relevant global 
Note.

--- Page 27 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
27 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 3 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterpartiesand professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
                                              
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 28 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
28 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
ALLIANDER N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500XBZ9QOPTI11U82  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
under the Euro 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have 
been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and Final Terms 
have been published on www.alliander.com/[]. 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including www.alliander.com/[] does 
not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any 
supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [] which are incorporated by reference in the 
base prospectus dated 15 July 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on www.alliander.com/[] 
] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Alliander N.V. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ]

--- Page 29 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
29 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[          ] 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series with 
[identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/ the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date / exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date] Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
(a) 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
(Note – where multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[          ]

--- Page 30 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
30 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for 
Floating rate notes - Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[    ] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below )  
10. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs] [Not Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below )] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date  
(Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 31 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
31 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case, 
insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[          ] [(the "Calculation Agent")] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[          ] 
month 
[EURIBOR]. 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ]

--- Page 32 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
32 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(being the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. 
The 
fall-back 
provisions 
applicable to ISDA Determination under 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks 
of offered quotations for EURIBOR 
which, 
depending 
on 
market 
circumstances, may not be available at 
the relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to the Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [       ] days

--- Page 33 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
33 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [       ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which 
require 
a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Make-whole Redemption Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which 
require 
a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent)

--- Page 34 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
34 
(b) 
Discounting basis for purposes 
of calculating sum of the 
present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on 
Redeemed Notes in the 
determination of the Make-
whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Quotation Agent: 
[          ] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Reference Security: 
[          ]  
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice periods: 
 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which 
require 
a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
(b) 
Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 35 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
35 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [       ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which 
require 
a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event/ 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].”)]  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 36 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
36 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purpose of calculating the 
amount 
of 
interest, 
to 
which 
subparagraphs 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments. Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
27. 
Whether Condition 7 of the Notes 
applies: 
[Condition 7 applies / does not apply] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 37 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
37 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext in Amsterdam/specify other relevant 
regulated and, if relevant, listing on an official list] 
with effect from [    ].]  [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext in 
Amsterdam /specify other relevant regulated and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list] with effect from 
[    ].]  [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)∗ 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the [EEA 
and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]]  
[The rating [defined terms] has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
                                              
∗ It may be necessary to use a drawdown prospectus for some issues of fungible notes.

--- Page 38 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
38 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details](See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is 
disclosed 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus.) 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of Eligible Green Assets 
must be specified)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ]  
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
5. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES 
ONLY) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.

--- Page 39 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
39 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by

--- Page 40 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
40 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[               ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information document will 
be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 41 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be 
incorporated by reference into each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the 
relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference into) each definitive Note. The applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Tranche of Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
will be endorsed on, incorporated by reference into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” above for a description of the content of the 
Final Terms which include the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Alliander N.V. (the "Issuer", which expression 
shall include any Substituted Debtor pursuant to Condition 16) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below). References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as 
defined below) and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global 
Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a Global Note and (iii) any Global Note. The holders of the Notes and 
the Coupons (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are 
subject to the provisions of an amended and restated agency agreement (the "Agency Agreement", 
which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto or any restatement thereof) 
dated 15 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as issuing and principal paying agent 
and agent bank (in such capacity the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference 
to Talons or talons. Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon or attached hereto or applicable hereto or, 
if permitted by the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, incorporated by 
reference herein and supplement these Terms and Conditions and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References 
herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those 
offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 42 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
42 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent 
and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes 
which are represented by a global Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Any amendments to these Terms and Conditions in connection with such 
additional or alternative clearing system shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes  
The Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, subject 
as provided in Condition 3, with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (save for those preferred by mandatory provisions of law) from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not grant or permit to be 
outstanding, and the Issuer will procure that there is not granted or permitted to be outstanding, and will 
procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9) will grant or permit to be 
outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest over any of its present or 
future assets or revenues or any part thereof, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee 
thereof unless the Issuer shall, in the case of the granting of the security, before or at the same time, 
and in any other case, promptly, procure that all amounts payable under the Notes are secured equally 
and rateably or that such other security or other arrangement is provided as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 43 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
43 
For this purpose “Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness, present or future, in the 
form of or represented by notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates or other 
similar instruments which are, or are capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on or admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or other 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4 (a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 4 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:

--- Page 44 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
44 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 4(b) applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 4(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate 
Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Financial Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any 
maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies 
to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, 
Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(a) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls on the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date ((or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).   
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(b) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below

--- Page 45 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
45 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Amsterdam, London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms on the following basis: 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) under 
an interest rate swap transaction for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 46 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
46 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five 
or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (a) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (b) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer, or a third party 
appointed by the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the 
Issuer determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating

--- Page 47 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
47 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B), the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of 
a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer, or a third party 
appointed by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and the 
expression "Specified Time" means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph b above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph b above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(b): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 48 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
48 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 49 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
49 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.   
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), 
whether by the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Couponholders and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 or individually. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro shall be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.

--- Page 50 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
50 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons in respect of 
any such Talons will be made or issued, as the case may be. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a 
Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of 
any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the

--- Page 51 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
51 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall 
have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), "Payment Day" 
means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in:  
(a) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(b) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
If TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (B) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(g)); and

--- Page 52 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
52 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Unless the applicable Final Terms provides that Condition 7 does not apply, Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), on 
giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed. The Issuer shall serve notice to the Agents and the Noteholders no less 
than 3 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date of any such delay (such notice to 
include the alternative Optional Redemption Date) or if the redemption shall not occur or be rescinded. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
"Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the

--- Page 53 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
53 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that 
such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of 
the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and 
including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this sub-paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 5 days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call 
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (each such date, a Make-
whole Redemption Date) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption Date so delayed. The Issuer 
shall serve notice to the Agents and the Noteholders no less than 3 Business Days prior to the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date of any such delay (such notice to include the alternative Make-whole 
Redemption Date) or if the redemption shall not occur or be rescinded. 
Calculation Date means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
Make-whole Redemption Amount means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes to maturity or, if Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, to the first Optional Redemption Date (excluding any 
interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual, a 
semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the 
Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Rate means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business 
Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR). 
Quotation Agent means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Dealers means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent

--- Page 54 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
54 
at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR) on the Calculation Date, 
quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as 
the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term 
of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(c) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(d). 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call 
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer Make-
whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(d) in respect of the Notes, if Issuer Residual Call is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding 
at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), at the Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must 
be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper for them to 
the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(f) shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(f) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 55 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
55 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Amortised Face 
Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365) (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries will forthwith 
be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
(j) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(g)(iii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, all payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on

--- Page 56 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
56 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Netherlands other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of 
principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(b) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who would not be liable or subject to 
the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day.  
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of five years after the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred 
and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of interest or 7 days in the 
payment of principal in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and 
such failure has continued for the period of 30 days next following the service on the 
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, in each case having an 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency or currencies), shall become due and payable prior to the stated 
maturity thereof following a default or any security therefor becomes enforceable, or, 
in the case of finance or capital leases as referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) of the 
definition of Indebtedness, if the counterparty accelerates the obligations of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, under such capital or finance lease, or 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to make repayment of any such loan or debt 
at the maturity thereof or at the expiration of any grace period originally applicable 
thereto or any guarantee of any loan, debt or other moneys given by the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary shall not be honoured when due and called upon; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary save either (a) for the 
purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders or (b) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, a solvent winding up where all 
(or substantially all) of the assets of such Material Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer

--- Page 57 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
57 
or another Material Subsidiary or (c) in the case of the Issuer in connection with a 
reorganisation under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant 
to or for the purposes of any applicable law in its jurisdiction of incorporation or is 
adjudicated bankrupt or is granted a suspension of payments (surseance van betaling); 
or 
(vi) 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases to carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole of its business except for the purposes of any 
demerger, merger, consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, or, in the case of the Issuer, (b) the surviving or resulting 
company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with respect to 
the Notes, or, in the case of any Material Subsidiary, (c) another Material 
Subsidiary takes over that part of the business which such initial Material 
Subsidiary ceases to carry on; or 
(B) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or 
is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as 
they fall due; or 
(vii) 
if: 
(A) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary under 
any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws; or 
(B) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, 
in relation to the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them; or 
(C) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(D) 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a material part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, 
and in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
if the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of 
its creditors), 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest 
(if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 58 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
58 
"Auditors" means Deloitte Accountants B.V. or, in the event of their being unable or unwilling 
to carry out any action requested of them, such other reputable firm of international accountants 
as may be nominated by the Issuer; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(ii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is contractually deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(iv) 
amounts raised under any transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net turnover 
(consolidated in the case of a company which itself has Subsidiaries) represents not less than 
10 per cent. of the consolidated total net turnover of the Group taken as a whole, as calculated 
by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated financial statements 
of the Group but if a Subsidiary has been acquired since the date as at which the then most 
recent consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements 
shall be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Subsidiary (that adjustment 
being certified by a director of the Issuer as representing an accurate reflection of the revised 
net turnover of the Group); and 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any company or corporation, a company or corporation: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; 
(b) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; or 
(c) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or 
corporation; 
and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another 
if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition 
of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
A report by a director of the Issuer that in his opinion a subsidiary is or is not a Material 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such report may, if requested, be accompanied by a 
report from the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Issuer as to proper extraction of 
figures used by the Directors of the Issuer in determining a Material Subsidiary as to 
mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
59 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(b). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case 
of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially 
all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of 
interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet 
matures. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of wide 
circulation in the Netherlands and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam 
and the rules of that exchange so require, by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euronext Amsterdam 
and through a press release which will also be made available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.alliander.com). Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication in all the newspapers and/or through all the other channels through which such publication 
is required to be made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any 
publication required by a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the rules of the 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system so permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or 
are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
publication in some or all of the newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 60 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
60 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings 
of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of 
the Notes or Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not 
less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Furthermore, the 
Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders 
of the Notes shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders or signed by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting or sign such resolution, and on all Couponholders.  
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not, 
in the sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of Netherlands law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders which will be deemed 
to have been given in respect of each issue of Notes on which no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect 
of the Notes and the relative Coupons provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the “Documents”) and (without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if 
the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, and the relative Coupons and 
the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative 
Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which 
guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) in favour of each 
Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums (including

--- Page 61 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
61 
any additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 7) payable in respect of the 
Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes in a territory other than the Netherlands, the Documents shall contain a 
covenant and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each 
Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
Condition 7 with the substitution for the references to the Netherlands of references to 
the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident 
for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted 
Debtor, the Issuer to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder 
against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses, provided that insofar as the 
liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason 
of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred by or levied 
against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which 
would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, 
without limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include 
any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder 
by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder 
or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have 
been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor 
and the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and the performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed 
by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and 
binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which has admitted 
Notes to listing, trading and/or quotation thereon shall have confirmed that following 
the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the admission to listing, trading 
and/or quotation of such Notes would be maintained by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to 
the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a 
legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers acting for the Issuer to the effect that 
the Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substituted Debtor, the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not 
more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the 
Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor 
the Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled 
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 16(a)(ii), shall be 
entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the relative 
Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising 
from such substitution. 
(c) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notice referred to in paragraph (e) below having been given the Substituted Debtor shall be 
deemed to be named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of

--- Page 62 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
62 
the Issuer and the Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be amended 
to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the 
Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
relative Coupons save that any claims under the Notes and the relative Coupons prior to 
release shall enure for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or 
Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor 
by any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons or the 
Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and 
Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or 
the relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(e) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether 
any certifications and/or opinions required by Condition 16 are provided, nor shall it be required to 
review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
the laws of the Netherlands. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Dealers, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders to the jurisdiction of the Court of first instance (rechtbank) of Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands, judging in first instance, and its appellate courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the 
Issuer further irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Dealer Agreement, Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith may be brought in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction. The substantive validity of this Clause 17 is governed by the laws of the Netherlands.

--- Page 63 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
63 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
a) for general corporate purposes; or 
b) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets. Such Notes may 
also be referred to as "Green Bonds".  
Green Bonds  
Eligible Green Assets  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an offer 
of Notes in accordance with the Issuer’s green finance framework as amended from time to time (the 
"Alliander Green Finance Framework"). Such Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds. If such 
Green Bonds will be issued, the applicable Final Terms will specify for which Eligible Green Assets (as 
defined below) the proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alliander Green Finance Framework provides that 
the Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of Green Bonds, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new and existing green assets falling (the "Eligible Green Assets") within 
one of the following categories:  
1. Renewable Energy: Assets aimed at integrating and enhancing the transmission capacity for 
renewable energy in the Dutch electricity grid 
 
2. Energy Efficiency:  
• 
Smart Grids:  
− 
Smart meters recording customer’s energy consumption for demand management 
− 
Sensor and technology deployment in mid/high voltage grid 
− 
Wireless networks 
− 
Fibre optic cable and network 
• 
Heating networks: 
− 
Local district heating networks distributing heat from local heat sources to customers 
 
3. Green Buildings: 
• 
New refurbished buildings which meet any of the following criteria: 
− 
BREEAM-NL certificate “Very Good” or above; or equivalent level of environmental 
certification 
− 
EPC-label ≥ “A++” 
• 
Energy efficiency projects in buildings which result in energy savings of at least 20% 
 
Process for evaluation and selection  
The selection of the assets is carried out by Alliander’s Green Finance Working Group, composed 
of members of the CSR, Finance, Treasury, Procurement departments and in cooperation with relevant 
business units. 
Management of proceeds  
Alliander intends to allocate the net proceeds from its Green Bonds to an Eligible Green Asset 
portfolio, selected in accordance with the eligibility criteria described in Alliander’s Green Finance 
Framework and project evaluation and selection process presented above. This portfolio consists of 
new and / or existing assets. Over time, Alliander will strive to maintain a level of allocation for the 
Eligible Green Asset portfolio which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its 
outstanding Green Bonds. 
Alliander intends to fully allocate the proceeds within 24 months after the issuance date of the Green 
Bonds. Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds to Eligible Green 
Assets, Alliander will invest the balance of the net proceeds, at its own discretion, into bank deposits, 
investment funds, money market funds or liquid marketable instruments, until the allocation to new 
Eligible Green Assets.

--- Page 64 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
64 
Reporting  
Alliander will report on the allocation of net proceeds and associated environmental benefits 
annually until the proceeds of each Green Bonds have been fully allocated, and as necessary in the 
event of material changes or in case of substitution of Eligible Green Assets. This report will be made 
available within the Investor Relations’ section on Alliander’s website. 
 
External review  
Alliander has commissioned ISS ESG to review the portfolio of the Eligible Green Assets, as well 
as the alignment of the Alliander Green Finance Framework with the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles 
and the LMA’s Green Loan Principles. ISS ESG will provide a second party opinion ("Second Party 
Opinion").  
In addition, the allocation of each Green Bond’s proceeds will be reviewed by the Auditors.  
The information provided in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Alliander Green Finance 
Framework is in summarised form. The Alliander Green Finance Framework is not incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus but is available 
for viewing 
on 
the website, 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/green-bonds.

--- Page 65 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
65 
ALLIANDER N.V. 
The figures contained in this description relate solely to the consolidated figures as mentioned 
in the annual report 2020 of Alliander N.V.   
Incorporation and shareholders 
Alliander N.V. (“Alliander”) was incorporated on 17 December 1998. Alliander is registered in 
the Arnhem Chamber of Commerce under number 34108286. It is a limited liability corporation duly 
incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and has its registered office at Utrechtseweg 68, 6812 
AH Arnhem, Postbus 50, 6920 AB Duiven, the Netherlands (phone number: +31 88 5426363). 
Alliander's Articles of Association were last amended by notarial deed executed on 4 August 
2015 before Mr. K.A. Verkerk, civil law notary in Arnhem. Alliander was formed through the merger of 
energy companies in the provinces of Noord-Holland, Zuid-Holland, Gelderland, Flevoland and 
Friesland. Alliander’s shareholders comprise 77 public authorities, including the Province of Gelderland 
(44.68%), Province of Friesland (12.65%), Province of Noord-Holland (9.16%) and Municipality of 
Amsterdam (9.16%). These four largest shareholders have a controlling interest of 75.65%. The 
shareholders do not assume any responsibility for the debts of Alliander or its subsidiaries. 
Profile Alliander group 
Alliander consists of a group of companies, among them Liander, Qirion, Kenter and Firan. 
Together we stand for high-quality knowledge of energy networks, energy technology and technical 
innovations. Network operation is Alliander’s core activity. Network operator Liander keeps the energy 
infrastructure in good condition to ensure distribution of gas and electricity to millions of consumers and 
businesses every day.  
 
Qirion focuses on the development of sustainable technologies and intelligent energy 
infrastructures. 
In addition, Alliander explores and develops new business activities that fit Alliander’s 
company's strategy and the role it sees for itself in the transition towards a more renewable energy 
system. Metering company Kenter is delivering innovative solutions for metering energy and energy 
management. Firan connects area owners, public authorities, providers and users to help them realise 
their sustainable ambitions, e.g. through the development of open energy infrastructures. Alliander AG 
is a small-scale service provider and partner of network operators, cities and municipalities in Germany. 
As a network company, Alliander is responsible for the distribution of energy, such as electricity, 
gas, biogas and heating. Alliander does not produce or trade energy itself. This is done by energy 
suppliers, buyers and traders. The vast majority of the energy Alliander distribute in its regions comes 
from energy plants and wind farms through the international and national energy networks of TenneT

--- Page 66 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
66 
and Gasunie. In addition, a growing number of consumers and businesses are feeding their self-
generated energy into Alliander’s networks. This is making the energy supply chain more dynamic. 
Alliander ensures that all energy is distributed as safely and efficiently as possible from source to end 
user - for instance, from wind turbines to households or electric vehicle charging points. 
 
Going forward, the task of Alliander as a network company is to ensure that its customers 
continue to enjoy ‘anytime, anywhere’ energy and freedom of choice of (sustainable) energy supplier. 
This leads to the mission that Alliander stands for an energy supply allowing everybody under equal 
conditions access to reliable, affordable and sustainable energy. Alliander is not a passive by-stander, 
but an active participant, co-creator and initiator of new markets. In its start-ups, Alliander combines its 
expertise with that of policy-makers and specialists to accelerate developments, while continuing to 
keep a close eye on the reliability, affordability and accessibility of the energy supply. It is Alliander’s 
ambition to facilitate the energy transition by opening up new sustainable markets to customers and 
giving these markets an open character.  
Alliander sees new markets and initiatives emerging in various areas. These include energy 
awareness and usage, sustainable energy generation and transportation, sustainable mobility, 'internet 
of energy', flexibility, storage and conversion and integration of new markets. 
Alliander aspires to fulfil its public responsibilities in a committed and reliable way. A key 
objective is to realise balanced growth for all its stakeholders: customers, staff, capital investors, the 
environment and society. Alliander acts at all times with an awareness of the social significance of 
energy to its customers and for society. 
Profile Alliander N.V. 
Alliander is the holding company of the Alliander group which group comprises, among others, 
the regulated grid manager, named Liander N.V., installation and maintenance services provider to

--- Page 67 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
67 
complex energy structures, named Qirion B.V. and new business activities in the infrastructure and 
services sectors like Firan B.V. and Kenter B.V. 
 
 
Profile Grid Manager 
Liander is responsible for connecting and transporting gas and electricity. In 2020, with an 
availability of the grids operated by the Grid Managers of 99.99% (electricity outage 23.2 minutes within 
525,600 minutes per year) the company is among the most reliable energy networks in the world. 
Generating 90% of the revenue of the Alliander group, the Grid manager is Alliander’s largest 
business unit. The Grid Manager has 5.8 million gas and electricity connections in Gelderland and 
Noord-Holland and in large areas of Flevoland, Friesland, Zuid-Holland and Noordoostpolder. 
The Grid Managers' duties are laid down by law. The Energy Department of the Authority for 
Consumers & Markets (ACM/Energie) monitors compliance. These statutory duties are: 
• 
To connect customers to the electricity grid  
• 
To transport electricity and gas via the electricity and gas grid  
• 
To build, maintain, expand and repair energy grids  
• 
To solve power outages and gas leaks  
• 
To contribute to the free energy market by making it possible to switch to another supplier. 
The Grid Manager also offers other services, such as building, managing, maintaining and 
upgrading connections to the gas and electricity grid. 
Profile Qirion B.V. 
As a technical specialist, Qirion designs, builds, manages and maintains complex private 
energy grids and large industrial and other installations for some 670 customers throughout the 
Netherlands. Qirion has customers in the field of high-voltage power, such as TenneT Holding B.V. 
(“TenneT”), as well as customers with their own energy network, such as Agriport, Prorail, Nuon and 
Ericsson.  
Qirion’s core activities are consultancy, projects, maintenance and management in the fields of 
high-voltage, complex medium-voltage, gas and industrial installations. 
• 
Qirion is a service provider to the Grid Managers, Liander, and the high-voltage company, 
TenneT. This means that Qirion is responsible for innovations in the Grid Managers' grids and

--- Page 68 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
68 
installations as well as for building, renovating, managing, maintaining and measuring, 
controlling and securing installations.  
• 
Qirion also works in the open market. It supplies comprehensive solutions and services 
including consultancy, innovation, building, maintenance, management and ICT for energy and 
other infrastructures.  
• 
Qirion is Alliander’s technical knowledge centre. Some three-quarters of all innovations at 
Alliander originate in this business unit. 
The regulatory framework  
A substantial part of Alliander’s activities is regulated. This concerns mainly the grid 
management operations, which have been placed within the Grid Manager. Energy supervision in the 
Netherlands has been entrusted to ACM/Energie (Authority for Consumers & Markets/Energy 
Department). In the past years, the supervision over Dutch business and industry, including the energy 
companies, has been intensified and the enforcement policy tightened up. New legislation is scheduled 
to pass Parliament and the impact on tariff regulation is only very limited. Major goals of the new 
legislation are a streamlining, optimization and modernization of the grids, whereas the allowed 
activities of network operators and network companies will be clarified. 
Capital market and money market activities 
Alliander has a € 3 billion EMTN programme. At year-end 2020, bonds totalling € 1.990 billion 
had been issued under the programme. Alliander also has a subordinated perpetual bond loan of €495 
million that had been issued separately. For its short term funding needs Alliander has an ECP 
programme of € 1.5 billion. Under this ECP programme, no amounts were outstanding (2019: € 289 
million). 
Alliander has contracted a committed backup credit facility totalling € 600 million with six banks. 
The facility runs until 27 July 2023. The facility has not been drawn on.  
In line with Alliander’s financial policy the perpetual bond loan will be treated as 50% equity in 
the financial ratios. 
Credit Rating 
On 9 June 2021, Moody’s decreased its rating of Alliander to Aa3/P-1 (stable outlook). On 4 
June 2021, S&P has put the credit rating of AA-/A-1+ on credit watch negative.  
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's France SAS are established in the European 
Union and are registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. 
Business strategy  
Energy networks form an important pillar underpinning society. Alliander's customers and wider 
society count on energy being available at all times. What motivates Alliander is to ensure a reliable, 
affordable and renewable energy supply is provided both now and in the future.  
This objective is translated into a mission, which is that Alliander stands for an energy system 
where everyone has equal access to reliable, affordable and renewable energy. The energy landscape 
is changing. Energy is now produced both centrally and locally, and new energy sources and 
applications are emerging. Innovative services are being introduced in such fields as electric transport, 
energy saving, energy management and local energy generation. This changing landscape makes 
different demands on Alliander’s infrastructure, provision of information, and partnerships. Alliander 
aims to play a facilitating role in the energy transition. Alliander is helping to create an open energy 
market and to support the sustainable energy choices of its customers and the regions where it 
operates. 
Alliander’s strategy is focused on four pillars: 
• 
Alliander supports customers in making choices. This concerns not only a choice for energy 
source, but also ways of energy usages and time frame of energy usage; 
• 
Alliander invests in alternative open infrastructures, like heating networks and charging 
infrastructures for electric mobility.

--- Page 69 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
69 
• 
Alliander digitises with the installation of smart meters, grid sensors and a telecom network.   
• 
Excellent network management.  
Financial results in 2020 
Profit after tax amounted to €224 million in 2020 compared with €253 million in 2019. Profit is 
down by €29 million, due to the effects of Covid-19 (€12 million) and other factors. The Covid-19 crisis 
resulted mainly in lower revenue from electricity. The tariffs for large business customers are partly 
linked to the transmission volumes. The increase in the tariffs charged by TenneT also had a negative 
impact on Alliander’s profit. As a result of these higher tariffs for transmission capacity, Alliander’s costs 
increased by €63 million compared to 2019. On the other hand, revenue also increased. The higher 
tariffs resulted in a regulated revenue from electricity and gas that was €43 million higher than in 2019. 
As a result, Alliander’s revenue exceeded €2 billion for the first time. 
Total operating expenses for 2020 (€1,736 million) were €145 million higher than in 2019. This 
increase in expenses was mainly caused by the aforementioned €63 million extra charged by TenneT. 
Alliander’s procurement costs and the cost of subcontracted work were €21 million higher as a result of 
the more extensive work package. 
The tax charge is €21 million lower than in 2019. This is not only due to Alliander’s lower result, 
but also due to the changes in the proposed reduction in corporate tax rates. These led to a (non-
recurring) gain of €19 million in 2020 (2019: gain of €9 million). 
The net profit is affected every year by incidental items, which, in 2020, had a positive impact 
of €3 million on Alliander’s profit. Profit excluding incidental items were €221 million, €46 million lower 
than the comparable profit in 2019.  
Revenue in the 2020 financial year rose by €79 million compared with the previous year, from 
€1,930 million to €2,009 million. The (regulated) revenue from electricity and gas increased by €23 
million and €20 million respectively. This increase in relation to electricity was caused by a higher 
number of connections and higher tariffs. The revenue from electricity is partly linked to the transmission 
volumes in the case of large business customers. Due to the impact of Covid-19, these volumes were 
lower and had a negative impact on revenue of €17 million. 
The increased revenue for gas can be fully attributed to the higher (regulated) tariffs. The higher 
revenue generated by metering services (€7 million) is due to both a larger number of connections and 
an increase in the tariffs. 
In addition to these regulated activities, Alliander has non-regulated activities, such as those of 
Qirion and Kenter. These activities accounted for an additional €29 million in revenue compared to 
2019. 
Total operating expenses rose from €1,591 million in 2019 to €1,736 million in 2020. This increase can 
be attributed to the following main causes: 
• 
the costs of purchasing transmission capacity have risen by €63 million as a result of 
the higher tariffs charged by TenneT;  
• 
an increase of €21 million in the costs of contractors and materials as a consequence 
of the larger work package combined with the price increases on the market;  
• 
the purchase costs for compensating network losses were €16 million higher than in 
2019. This is because the regional network operators are now responsible for the 
network loss associated with gas, effective from 2020. This change resulted in a 
€7million cost increase. In addition, the costs of purchasing electricity in compensation 
of network losses increased due to the higher prices at which the electricity was 
purchased. 
• 
the increase in investments also resulted in a higher depreciation expense of €12 
million.  
The total employee benefit expenses for both internal and external employees were €30 million 
higher than in 2019. The costs associated with Alliander’s own workforce, the employee benefit 
expense, rose by €23 million due to the addition of almost 100 FTEs and the increase in average costs 
per FTE as a result of the collective labour agreement wage increase. The workforce grew particularly 
in the entities that operate in the free domain. The number of agency FTEs also increased by more than

--- Page 70 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
70 
130 full-time equivalents relative to 2019. These agency employees were hired to ensure adequate 
staffing for the work package and also for IT digitisation projects. The larger workforces also led to an 
increase in own work capitalised of €18 million relative to 2019. 
The amount of sufferance tax charges and other tax rose by €9 million compared with 2019, to 
€163 million. This is mainly due to additional charges imposed correctively by some municipalities, but 
also due to the extra kilometres of cables and pipes in land that is subject to sufferance tax charges. 
The costs of network losses, at €68 million, were up by €16 million compared with 2019. From 
1 January 2020, the network operators have been subject to a statutory obligation to purchase gas in 
compensation of network losses. This resulted in an expense of €7 million for Liander in 2020. The 
costs of compensating network losses in the electricity infrastructure have risen by €9 million, mainly 
due to the higher purchase prices paid for electricity. 
Transport capacity and restriction costs in 2020 amounted to €253 million, an increase of €63 
million compared to the previous year (2019: €190 million). These costs mainly consist of the costs for 
transmission capacity charged by TenneT. The higher tariffs charged by TenneT explain the rise in 
costs, which were compensated to some extent by the lower volumes transmitted in 2020 as a result of 
COVID-19 (€6 million). 
The depreciation charges and impairment losses on non-current assets amounted to €461 
million, which is an increase of €12 million compared with the preceding year (2019: €449 million). The 
increase in depreciation is due to the high level of investment. Depreciation in 2019 includes a one-off 
write-down on a property of €4 million. 
Total expenditure on network investments and maintenance costs in 2020, at €1,196 million, 
was an increase of €73 million compared with 2019 (€1,123 million). The increase is mainly due to 
higher investments (€66 million) in reinforcement of the electricity networks to facilitate the energy 
transition. 
Alliander’s results can be affected by incidental items and fair value movements. Alliander 
defines incidental items as items that, in the management’s opinion, do not derive directly from the 
ordinary activities and/or whose nature and size are so significant that they must be considered 
separately to permit proper analysis of the underlying results. In 2020, incidental items had a positive 
impact of €3 million on Alliander’s net profit. In 2019, incidental items had a negative impact of €14 
million. This means that in 2020 the net profit, adjusted for these incidental items, was €46 million lower 
than in 2019. 
Management of Alliander N.V. 
Management Board  
Alliander’s Management Board consists of four members:  
 
– 
Mr M.J. Otto  
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
– 
Mr W.Th. Bien 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  
– 
Mr F.D. Schut 
Mrs M. Visser 
Chief Transition Officer (CTO) 
Chief Operating Officer (COO) 
 
Mr M. (Maarten) J. Otto 
Chair and CEO 
Maarten Otto was appointed chair of the Management Board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) with 
effect from 20 May 2020. He is also responsible for the business and operations management of 
network operator Liander. He was worked for Alliander since 2017, holding the position of Corporate & 
Social Affairs Director since 2018. Prior to that, he held various positions at organisational consultancies 
TEN HAVE Change Management and Twynstra Gudde. 
 
Maarten Otto studied Management, Economics and Law at The Hague University of Applied Sciences 
and Public Administration at Erasmus University Rotterdam. He also holds a postgraduate diploma in 
Management Consulting from VU University Amsterdam. 
 
Supervisory Board memberships/relevant other positions:

--- Page 71 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
71 
• 
Chair of the Management Board of the WENb Werkgeversvereniging voor de Energie-, Kabel 
& Telecom- en Afval & Milieubedrijven (Employers’ Association for the Energy, Cable & 
Telecom and Waste & Environment Sectors) 
• 
Member of the Executive Management Board of VNO-NCW 
 
Mr W. (Walter) Th. Bien 
Member of the Board and CFO 
Member of the Board and CFO Walter Bien joined the Management Board on 7 October 2019, on which 
date he was also appointed to the position of CFO. Before joining Alliander, he was CFO at Boskalis 
Dredging & Inland Infra and prior to that he held various board and management positions at Boskalis. 
Prior to Boskalis he worked at Ballast Nedam. 
Walter Bien earned a degree in Business Economics at the University Amsterdam. He also completed 
the Senior Executive Programme at the London Business School and a postgraduate controllers 
programme at the University of Amsterdam. 
Supervisory Board memberships/relevant other positions:  
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of Stichting AAP (wild animal rescue foundation)  
• 
Chair of the Audit Committee Member of the Board of Trustees of Inloophuis Stichting Huis aan 
het Water (cancer recovery retreat) 
 
Mr F.D. (Daan) Schut 
Member of the Board and CTO 
Daan Schut joined the Management Board on 1 April 2019, on which date he was also appointed to the 
position of CTO. Prior to joining the Board, he held the position of Director of Asset Management (from 
2014) as well as various management positions between 2009 and 2014. Before Alliander, Daan Schut 
worked as an advisor at KPMG. 
Daan Schut earned degrees in IT Auditing at Erasmus University Rotterdam, and Business Economics 
at HAN University of Applied Sciences. 
Supervisory Board memberships/relevant other positions:  
• 
Member of the Management Board of Next Generation Infrastructures 
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of Stichting USEF (Universal Smart Energy Framework 
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of Stichting ElaadNL (knowledge and innovation centre on 
EV infrastructure and smart charging 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of GOPACS 
 
Mrs M. (Marlies) Visser 
Member of the Board and COO 
Marlies Visser joined the Management Board on 1 May 2020, as Member of the Board and Chief 
Operating Officer (COO). Prior to joining the Board she held the position of Director Operations from

--- Page 72 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
72 
2014. Before joining Alliander, Marlies Visser held various management positions at de Nederlandse 
Spoorwegen (Dutch Railways) including that of Manager Service & Operations.  
Marlies Visser earned a degree in Communication Sciences at the University of Amsterdam, She also 
completed the Advanced Management Program (AMP) of INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France. 
Marlies Visser holds no Supervisory Board memberships or relevant other positions. 
 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board of Alliander N.V. consists of the following four members: 
− 
Ms A. Jorritsma-Lebbink  
− 
Ms T. Menssen 
− 
Mr B. Roetert 
− 
Mr F. Eulderink 
 
Ms A. Jorritsma-Lebbink, chair 
• 
First appointed: 1 July 2016 
• 
End of current term: 2024 (not eligible for reappointment) 
• 
Alliander committee: member of the Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee 
• 
Background: Annemarie Jorritsma has been a Dutch Senate member for VVD (People's Party for 
Freedom and Democracy) since 9 June 2015 and has served as VVD Senate leader since 24 
November 2015. After starting her national political career as a member of the Dutch House of 
Representatives in 1982, she served in two successive governments (Kok I and Kok II) as Minister 
of Transport, Public Works and Water Management, and Minister of Economic Affairs and Deputy 
Prime Minister respectively. Annemarie Jorritsma was Mayor of Almere from 2003 to 2015. She 
also chaired the Association of Dutch Municipalities (VNG) for seven years. 
• 
Relevant other positions: member of the Supervisory Board of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) 
Nederland, chair of the Netherlands Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (NVP). 
Mr F. Eulderink 
• 
First appointed: 26 September 2019 
• 
End of current term: 2023 (eligible for reappointment) 
• 
Alliander committee: member of the Audit Committee 
• 
Background: Frits Eulderink is COO and member of the Management Board of Royal Vopak. He 
previously held various technical and management positions at Shell, including Vice President, 
Unconventional Oil in Houston (US).  
• 
Relevant other positions: member of the Management Board of SmartPort Rotterdam, member of 
Advisory Council of Leiden Observatory research institute, member of the International Review 
Board of the Netherlands Research School for Astronomy. 
Mrs T. Menssen 
• 
First appointed: 26 September 2019 
• 
End of current term: 2023 (eligible for reappointment) 
• 
Alliander committee: member of the Audit Committee 
• 
Background: Thessa Menssen was CFO and a member of the Management Board of BAM Group 
and before that she was CFO and COO of the Port of Rotterdam Authority.

--- Page 73 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
73 
• 
Relevant other positions: member of the Supervisory Board of PostNL, member of the Supervisory 
Board of FMO, member of the Board of Trustees of Stichting Topvrouw van het Jaar (organisers of 
the Dutch Top Woman of the Year election), member of the Board of Trustees of the 
Scheepvaartmuseum (National Maritime Museum), member of the Board of Trustees of the Kröller 
Müller Museum. 
Mr B. Roetert 
• 
First appointed: 19 February 2015 
• 
End of current term: 2023 (not eligible for reappointment) 
• 
Alliander committee: chair of the Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee 
• 
Background: Bert Roetert is Director/Owner of Advies, Bestuur en Toezicht (AB&T). Previously he 
served as CEO of Schuitema/C1000 and chair of the Board of Friesland Foods West Europe. 
• 
Relevant other positions: chair of the Board of Centraal Bureau Levensmiddelen (CBL), chair of the 
Board of Food Valley NL, chair of the Supervisory Board of Zeeman Groep, chair of the Supervisory 
Board of Jan Linders Supermarkten, member of the Supervisory Board of Royal Smilde, member 
of the Supervisory Board of Noviflora Beheer, chair of Afvalfonds Verpakkingen. 
All members of the Supervisory Board are Dutch nationals and meet the requirements of the 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code (best practice provision III.3.4) and of the Management and 
Supervision Act (Section 2:252a sub 1 of the Dutch Civil Code) regarding the maximum number of 
supervisory board positions. None of the members of the Supervisory Board holds another position at 
a Dutch listed company. 
The address of both the Management Board and Supervisory Board is Alliander N.V., 
Utrechtseweg 68, 6812 AH Arnhem - P.O. Box 50, 6920 AB Duiven, the Netherlands. 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between duties to the Issuer of the persons 
on the Management and Supervisory Boards, as listed above, and their private interests and/or other 
duties.  
Principal Subsidiaries of Alliander N.V. 
Liander N.V. 
Qirion B.V. 
Alliander A.G. 
Kenter B.V. 
Firan B.V. 
Stam Heerhugowaard Holding B.V. 
Major Shareholders 
The four largest shareholders in the Issuer are: Province of Gelderland (44.68%), Province of 
Friesland (12.65%), Province of Noord-Holland (9.16%) and the municipality of Amsterdam (9.16%). 
The remainder is owned by 72 smaller municipal shareholders. 
Auditor's report 
The auditors, Deloitte Accountants B.V., issued unqualified auditor's reports on the financial 
statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 of the Issuer on 
15 February 2021 and 14 February 2020 respectively. 
For a better understanding of the Issuer’s financial position and results and of the scope of the 
audit, the Balance Sheets and Statements of Income should be read in conjunction with the financial 
statements from which they have been derived and the auditors’ reports thereon.

--- Page 74 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
74 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ALLIANDER N.V. 
The following tables set out in summary form balance sheet and income statement information 
relating to Alliander N.V. Such information is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements 
of Alliander N.V. as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. Such 
financial statements and the accompanying notes, together with the reports of the auditors, are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial information presented below should 
be read in conjunction with such financial statements, reports and the notes thereto. 
Consolidated balance sheet under IFRS 
Below, the balance sheet of Alliander is stated on the basis of IFRS:

--- Page 75 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
75 
Consolidated income statement under IFRS 
Presented below is the income statement of Alliander.

--- Page 76 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
76 
TAXATION  
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, 
holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Netherlands tax considerations in relation thereto. This summary is intended as 
general information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes.  
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and 
published policy, in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into 
account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments 
or amendments have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands corporate and individual income tax 
consequences for: 
(i) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(ii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
Netherlands tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Netherlands corporate 
income tax; 
(iii) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related 
person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in 
the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or 
her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds, or is deemed to hold, (i) an 
interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5% or more of the issued 
capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such 
interest or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in the Issuer;  
(iv) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the 
separated private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Netherlands 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001);  
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which 
is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, 
Sint Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or 
permanent representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the 
Kingdom. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as 
described below - be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof 
or therein. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed 
in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes 
(Regeling 
laagbelastende 
staten 
en 
niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the 
interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest 
in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient 
of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).

--- Page 77 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
77 
 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
(a) 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder, being a corporate entity, is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident 
of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes and is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income 
tax or is only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes 
are attributable, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or 
disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25%).  
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 
49.50%) under the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which include activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual holding the Notes, must 
determine taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on savings and 
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. This deemed return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's 
yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year, insofar as the individual's yield 
basis exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as 
the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of 
certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset 
in the individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases 
progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on savings and 
investments will be taxed at a rate of 31%.  
(b) 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is not a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands 
for Netherlands tax purposes, such person is not liable to Netherlands income tax in respect of income 
derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or disposal of the Notes, 
unless: 
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are 
attributable, or (2) is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an 
enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in 
the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
This income is subject to Netherlands corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25%. 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent 
representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the 
Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands, which include activities in the Netherlands with respect to 
the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief 
vermogensbeheer), or (3) is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of 
an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes 
are attributable.  
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) listed under (ii) above is subject 
to individual income tax at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from a share in the profits

--- Page 78 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
78 
of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed on the 
basis of a deemed return on income from savings and investments (as described above under 
"Residents of the Netherlands"). The fair market value of the share in the profits of the enterprise (which 
includes the Notes) will be part of the individual's Netherlands yield basis. 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Netherlands gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note 
by way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue 
of the Notes or in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
The proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, 
apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be

--- Page 79 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
79 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to 
their investment in Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
80 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 15 July 2021 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of 
the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” above. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury regulations thereunder promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA 
is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes of any 
Series (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restriction on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (as completed by the Final Terms) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a

--- Page 81 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
81 
"Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 82 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
82 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(c) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or 
equivalent); or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no 
such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that, it will not offer or sell Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Control Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred 
and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either 
the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing 
regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and 
acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a 
business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes 
within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution 
or immediately thereafter. As used herein “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and

--- Page 83 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
83 
that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due 
during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning 
of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.  
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 84 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
84 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Management 
Board of the Issuer dated 29 June 2021. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading and to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, exchange 
and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation by such listing 
authority, exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
From the period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available from for inspection from the Issuer's website as 
referenced below: 
(i) 
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-NV-Articles-of-
association.pdf; 
(ii) 
the annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 2019 and 2020 (containing the 
audited financial statements of the Issuer, which include the consolidated financial 
statements), in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection 
therewith 
https://2019.jaarverslag.alliander.com/FbContent.ashx/pub_1037/downloads/v200326
104729/Alliander_Annual_Report_2019.pdf  
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Annual_report_2020_v98870.pdf   
(iii) 
all supplements to this Base Prospectus circulated by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with the undertaking given by the Issuer in the Dealer Agreement (as 
defined 
in 
“Subscription 
and 
Sale” 
herein) 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/financial-programmes/; 
(iv) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/financial-programmes/; 
(v) 
any future information memoranda, prospectuses and supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and any other information incorporated herein or therein by reference 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/financial-programmes/; and 
(vi) 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/green-bonds/ 
or 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/senior-bonds/. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant security code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
85 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Significant Change or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2020, nor has there been any significant change in the financial performance and financial position of 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which has occurred since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the previous twelve months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
Auditors 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. have audited the accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch 
Standards on Auditing. The relevant auditors of Deloitte Accountants B.V. who have signed the audit 
reports incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are members of the Netherlands Institute 
of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). The auditors of the 
Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer.  
Post-issuance information 
Other than in relation to Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. For more information in respect of Green Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, please refer to the Alliander Green Finance Framework and any Second Party Opinion 
available on the following webpage: https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/green-bonds. 
The contents of this webpage, any Second Party Opinion and the Alliander Green Finance Framework 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 86 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
86 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER  
Alliander N.V. 
Utrechtseweg 68 
6812 AH Arnhem 
P.O. Box 50 
6920 AB Duiven 
The Netherlands 
 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallustrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 87 ---
0031821-0000310 EUO2: 2001188281.11 
87 
OTHER PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers  
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2 
1076 CV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Wilhelminakade 1 
3072 AP Rotterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
ING Bank N.V. 
Bijlmerplein 888 
1102 MG Amsterdam 
The Netherlands