--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2024 
 
 
 
Alliander N.V. 
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability and having its 
corporate seat in Arnhem) 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Alliander N.V. 
(the "Issuer" or "Alliander") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Subject as set out herein, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of one year and a maximum maturity 
of 40 years. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the "Dealers"). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer 
agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of 
those Notes. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus or 
of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than Euro 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency). 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined herein) will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) initially be represented by a global Note which will be deposited on or about the issue date thereof with a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other agreed clearance system. See “Form of the Notes” herein. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This 
Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and its validity will expire on 27 September 2025.  
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes issued under the Programme up to 
the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam 
("Euronext Amsterdam").  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading and listing on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information not contained herein which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) 
which will be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any exchange or quotation system or market.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which case a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"), respectively, will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amounts payable on Notes with a floating rate of interest may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, The 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation").  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 relating to the 
Programme. 
 
 
 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
ING 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Rabobank 
RBC Capital Markets

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................ 4 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 7 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ........................................................................................................................ 21 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 26 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 28 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.................................................................................... 43 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 68 
ALLIANDER N.V. ................................................................................................................................ 73 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 85 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 89 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 93

--- Page 4 ---
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
herein, respectively, shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Alliander N.V. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 724500XBZ9QOPTI11U82  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
 
BNP Paribas 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
ING Bank N.V. 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Regulatory Matters: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements from time to time. See “Subscription 
and Sale” herein and the following summary of certain 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London branch 
Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Size: 
Up to Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong Kong dollars, New 
Zealand dollars, Swedish kroner, Swiss francs, United States 
dollars, sterling and Japanese yen. 
Maturities: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a 
maturity date of less than one year or which have a maturity date 
of more than 40 years. Subject thereto, Notes may be issued with 
any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
restrictions. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes 
will initially be in the form of either a temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form ( a "New Global 
Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable as described 
therein for a Permanent Global Note upon certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. The applicable Final Terms will specify that a 
Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
either (i) upon not less than 60 days' notice or (ii) upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, as described in "Form of the 
Notes" herein. Any interest in a global Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearance system, as appropriate. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than, if 
applicable, for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving irrevocable notice as is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms 
as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. See Condition 6 
for further details. 
Denomination of Notes: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied in the 
Netherlands, subject to certain exceptions as provided in 
Condition 7. 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
See Condition 9(iii). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and, subject as provided in 
Condition 3, with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those preferred 
by mandatory provisions of law.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), respectively, will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading and listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Notes may also 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to each issue. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The Final 
Terms relating to each issue will state whether or not the Notes 
are to be admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation and, if so, 
by which listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the laws of the 
Netherlands, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, 
and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale” herein. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. 
The risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil 
their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
''Risk factors'' below.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
RISK FACTORS 
Set out below are all material risk factors associated with an investment in the Notes. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of risks 
which individually or together could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s future business, 
results of operations and financial condition and could therefore result in the Issuer becoming unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.   
In addition, risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the 
order in which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the 
risks actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential 
negative impact to the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The 
Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously. While the risk factors below 
have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and 
prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. In each case, 
the risk factors have been described in the most appropriate category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE ISSUER 
1. Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
Credit Rating Risk 
The Issuer's current credit rating has been issued by credit rating agencies S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”) and Moody's France SAS (“Moody’s”). There is a risk of a negative adjustment of the 
credit rating of the Issuer resulting from changes implemented by S&P and or Moody’s with respect to 
rating criteria, rating method or assumptions. Negative adjustment of the credit rating may also occur 
because of deteriorating financial ratios, because of the expected increase in capital expenditure by the 
Issuer in relation to the energy transition in the Netherlands. The Issuer is dependent on its access to 
capital and money markets for its financing. A lower credit rating or of its outlook could affect such 
access to capital and money markets, financing costs and the terms and conditions imposed by parties 
in the business sector. This could reduce the Issuer’s funding options and result in higher financing 
costs which in principle has an impact on all newly issued short- and long-term debt of the Issuer. This 
could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financing costs, profits, cash flows and financial position. 
Risks related to Cross Border Lease Agreements  
In the period from 1998 to 2000, subsidiaries of the Issuer entered into cross-border lease (“CBL”) 
transactions for networks with US investors. The networks have been leased for a long period to US 
parties (head lease), which have in turn subleased the assets to the various Alliander subsidiaries 
(sublease). At the end of the sublease, there is the option of purchasing the rights of the US counterparty 
under the head lease, thus ending the transaction. The fees earned on the CBLs were recognised in 
the year in which the transaction in question was concluded. Two of the three existing CBLs were 
terminated early in December 2021. The electricity network in the Randmeren region is the only one 
still held in a CBL; it is due to expire at the beginning of 2025. The total net carrying amount at year-
end 2023 was approximately €400 million (year-end 2022: €340 million). At the end of 2023, a total of 
$664 million was held on deposit with several financial institutions or invested in securities in connection 
with the transaction (2022: $655 million). At year-end 2023, the ‘net strip risk’ (the portion of the 
‘termination value’ – the possible compensation payable to the American counterparty in the event of 
early termination of the transaction – that cannot be settled from the deposits and investments held for

--- Page 8 ---
8 
this purpose) for the current transaction was $25 million (2022: $32 million). The strip risk is affected to 
a great extent by market developments.  
If risks related to CBLs materialise, this could negatively influence the net profit, cash flows and the 
financial position of the Issuer.  
Interest Rate Risk 
The interest rate risk relates to all newly issued short- and long-term debt. At the end of 2023, the Issuer 
had €400 million in current maturities of long-term debt that needs to be refinanced in 2024. This interest 
rate risk materialises if the interest rate on the new debt would be higher than the interest rate on the 
maturing debt. The resulting increase in overall interest cost negatively influences the net profit, cash 
flows and the financial position of the Issuer. 
Commodity Price Risk 
The commodity price risk relates to the procurement of electricity due to the fact that the grid operators 
have to replace electricity that is lost during the distribution (technical loss, measurement failures and 
energy theft). The grid losses of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, “Alliander”) were €330 million 
in 2023. The procurement is done on a three-year rolling forward basis. In 2023, grid losses were  
€78 million higher than in 2022 (2022: €252 million) due to high energy prices paid. 
The typical characteristics of commodity markets – specifically illiquidity, from time to time – and macro-
economic developments or geopolitical circumstances, such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict in 
the Middle East, may cause considerable changes in commodity prices and, therefore, may influence 
the net profit, cash flows and financial position of the Issuer. 
Counterparty Risk  
International financial institutions are counterparties to the Issuer's interest rate and foreign currency 
hedge transactions (e.g. cross currency interest rate swaps) which the Issuer has executed to hedge 
the currency and interest rate risk on (US) private placements. Should one or more of these Issuer’s 
counterparties descend into financial difficulties or bankruptcy, there is the risk that such counterparty 
cannot or will not meet its delivery or payment obligations. This risk mainly relates to foreign currency 
swaps that are used in combination with short term paper issued in USD or GBP. Over the past sixty 
months this involved two transactions of in total $175 million. If such counterparty risk materialises, this 
could negatively influence the net profit, cash flows and the financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks related to Invoice Collection 
The energy suppliers in the Netherlands invoice and collect the grid costs from customers and each 
grid operator receives its grid costs from the supplier, based on an agreed verification process. The 
Issuer will be dependent on the revenue collection processes of energy suppliers and thus has exposure 
to credit risks on both customers (indirectly) and energy suppliers (directly). As a result, customers or 
suppliers may pay invoices later or not at all. In each case, this may have a materially adverse impact 
on the Issuer's financial performance and position in future. 
(Re)financing Risk 
The Issuer finances itself by use of financial markets. Therefore, the Issuer is sensitive to general 
financial market conditions, macro-economic developments or geopolitical circumstances, such as the 
war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East. More specific, the Issuer is facing a substantial 
increase in financing needs in the future years due to the energy transition in the Netherlands and the 
higher associated investment levels. Looking forward, the Issuer expects annual gross investment 
levels to increase to €1.8 billion compared to levels around €1.2 billion in 2022. The Issuer seeks 
external financing, either in the form of public or private financing or other arrangements, which may 
not be available on attractive terms or may not be available at all. As a consequence, the Issuer might 
not be able to invest as scheduled. Any limitations on the Issuer’s ability to invest as scheduled, could 
affect the Issuer’s cash flows, liquidity and financial flexibility. For regulatory reasons, fee increases to 
compensate for extra energy transition investments are not granted until the next regulatory period and 
may not be granted at all if the Issuer is unable to invest as scheduled. This could affect its ability to 
execute its strategic plans, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
financial condition and profitability. See also the risk factors “Credit Rating Risk” above which set out 
the Issuer's dependency on credit ratings assigned to it. 
2. Legal and regulatory risk 
Impact of Dutch regulatory framework on revenue, profits and financial position of the Issuer  
The revenue, profits, and financial position of the Issuer could be affected by the regulatory framework 
in two different ways: 
(i) 
The regulated activities of the Issuer depend on licences, authorisations, exemptions 
and/or dispensations in order to operate its business. These licenses, authorisations, 
exemptions and/or dispensations may be subject to withdrawal, amendment and/or 
additional conditions being imposed on the regulated activities of the Issuer which could 
affect the revenue, profits and financial position of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
The Issuer’s income depends on dividends received from its subsidiaries. The Issuer’s 
largest subsidiary, Liander N.V. (the “Grid Manager”), derives its revenues to a large 
extent from regulated activities. These revenues depend on governmental regulations 
and European legislation, which implies that the Issuer’s net income is sensitive to 
regulatory amendments. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, a new energy act has been adopted by the House of 
Representatives, which should consolidate the existing Electricity Act and Gas Act, adjust the Dutch 
legislation to relevant European legislation and insert flexibility to comply with requirements for the 
Dutch renewable energy transition. The new legislation still needs to be debated in the Senate, but it is 
expected that it will be adopted. The new energy act will not come into force before July 2025. 
The impact of the Dutch regulatory framework in its current form on the income of the Issuer can be 
illustrated by the fact that in 2023, 91% of the Issuer's consolidated revenues were generated by 
regulated activities. 
The revenues of the Grid Manager are subject to ex ante regulation by the Energy Department of the 
Dutch Authority for Consumers & Markets (the “ACM”). Therefore, the regulatory framework has a 
substantial effect on the dividend income of the Issuer.  
The impact of the regulatory framework on the revenues of the Grid Manager can be described as 
follows. The revenues of the Grid Manager are dependent on a series of consecutive regulatory 
decisions of the ACM, notably the Regulation Method Decision (the “Method Decision”) and secondly, 
the Efficiency Discount and Quality Factor Decisions as well as the Accounting Volume Decisions, 
which are applicable to a certain price control period and finally the annual tariff decisions. As a 
consequence, the overall financial position of the Grid Manager is sensitive to regulatory decisions 
based on estimated productivity goals by the regulator which could be too stringent or too slack. The 
following paragraphs expand on some specific aspects of this risk, which are particularly relevant for 
the position of the Issuer.  
The allowed revenues are predominantly based on the (targeted) efficient cost level. Other factors that 
are taken into consideration are the purchasing costs of TenneT, and (if applicable) recalculations for 
instance due to juridical verdicts. 
The level of permitted revenues of the Grid Manager includes a component based on the real weighted 
average costs of capital (the “WACC”). The variables used to calculate the WACC consist of estimates 
for the cost of equity, the cost of debt, the relative percentages of debt and equity in the capital structure, 
the corporate tax rate and the consumer price index. The cost of equity represents the expected return 
on investment for the shareholders. The Issuer is the sole shareholder of the Grid Manager. The cost 
of debt represents the expected cost of debt for a company with an “A” credit rating. As is the case for 
almost all other cost factors the ACM bases the WACC on data which precede the regulation period for 
which the WACC is determined. Thus, the WACC may incorrectly reflect the costs of capital which the 
Grid Manager will effectively incur during the relevant regulation period. For the current tariff regulation 
period (2022 – 2026), the ACM has published a method decision with WACC with an estimated cost of 
equity of 3.66% at the theoretical starting point of 2021, increasing in steps to 4.39% in 2026 and a cost 
of debt of 1.63% at the theoretical starting point of 2021, decreasing in steps to 1.04% in 2026. In 
addition, the actual capitalisation of the Grid Manager may differ from the 45.25/54.75 debt/equity ratio 
assumed in the Method Decision, which would also have an impact on the profitability of the Grid

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Manager. Finally, the actual corporate tax rate may deviate from the corporate tax rate assumed in the 
Method Decision, which would have an impact on the profitability of the Grid Manager.  
The Method Decision for the period 2022 – 2026 includes some important changes compared to the 
previous period: 
Gas 
• 
transition to nominal WACC, update on parameters in the WACC, recalculation of interest 
components in the WACC; 
• 
limited degressive depreciation of active gas network and full depreciation of decommissioned 
gas assets (divestment, removing connectors and grid); 
Electricity 
• 
transition to real-plus WACC (50% of inflation compensation will be compensated in future) 
update on parameters in the WACC, recalculation of interest components in the WACC; 
• 
inclusion of estimated TenneT purchase costs in tariffs to better match actual costs; and 
• 
recalculation to compensate for excessive growth of decentralised generation within the 
regulation period. 
Following the 2023 ruling of the Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal (College van Beroep voor het 
bedrijfsleven) on the 2022 – 2026 method decisions, €187 million of the extra compensation of a total 
of €750 million was incorporated into the 2024 tariffs. The ACM has published the new X-factor 
decisions on 29 March 2024 and will recalculate the calculations in the tariff decisions of 2025 and 
2026.  
The fall of the Dutch Cabinet on 7 July 2023 has had a limited impact on energy policies, which remain 
largely unchanged. The new energy act is still scheduled to take effect in April 2025, and key energy 
policies, such as grid management, are continuing as planned. 
The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy has been replaced by the Ministry of Climate, 
Green Growth, and Energy, which focuses on broader climate and energy objectives. While this shift 
may not directly affect the new energy act or grid management, it does introduce some uncertainty into 
the broader climate policy landscape.  
If regulatory and legal risks materialise, this could influence the net profit, cash flows and the financial 
position of the Issuer.  
Risks related to the Dutch Climate Agreement 
The Issuer is consulting with the relevant stakeholders to work out in more detail how the arrangements 
provided for in the Dutch Climate Agreement (Klimaatwet) should be integrated in the Energy Act 
(Energiewet), the Collective Heating Supply Act (Warmtewet) and the Environment & Planning Act 
(Omgevingswet) with the National Strategy on Spatial Planning and the Environment (Nationale 
Omgevingsvisie). 
Policy and regulations within the energy domain have an impact on the Issuer’s activities and 
profitability, with there being an apparent mismatch between laws and regulations and the Issuer’s 
ambitions. As a result, there is a risk that the Issuer has insufficient financial resources, and potentially 
insufficient flexibility to perform both its statutory duties and fulfil the desired role in the energy transition. 
This may affect the Issuer’s ability to facilitate the energy transition and achieve its objectives. For 
example, the Issuer is taking initiatives that allow groups of high-volume consumers to jointly reduce 
the load on the power grid by means of a group transmission agreement. This saves capacity use that 
can be deployed to other customers, which is beneficial for achieving the climate objectives. These 
kinds of initiatives cannot be implemented on a large scale without the support of legislation and 
regulation.     
3. Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Risks related to the realisation of work package 
Due to the energy transition in the Netherlands, the work volume is developing more quickly than 
anticipated and is also expected to increase further in the years to come and so remain at a challenging, 
high level. By 2030, the investment in energy grids on a national scale is expected to be between €7 
billion and €8 billion per year. At the same time, the labour market for technical staff is very competitive

--- Page 11 ---
11 
given the shortage of duly skilled technical staff. This, combined with the long training period, makes it 
difficult to rapidly expand the Issuer’s workforce. Furthermore, as a result of the current disruptions in 
supply chains, the Issuer is experiencing material shortage and significant higher prices of materials 
(which may also be the result of the war in Ukraine). Higher prices are charged for a broad range of 
materials, but notably for energy. Material shortage is the case in particular in relation to 3-phase energy 
meters and certain types of transformers and electric cables.  
As a result, some customers are connected later than expected, technical network maintenance is 
sometimes delayed and, more generally, this may lead to a shortage of transmission capacity. As a 
consequence, the Issuer cannot satisfy all the demand or not within a timely manner or at a significantly 
higher price (amongst other things). These matters could reduce the stability of the electricity grid which 
may lead to complaints about voltage sags that affect sensitive electronic devices. It may also result in 
an inability to timely connect essential community facilities like schools or supermarkets to the grid. 
All the developments described above may have a negative reputational effect for the Issuer and may 
also result in claims, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial 
position. 
Risks related to Energy Transition / Capacity for Change  
The energy transition is accelerating. The use of natural gas for residential heating is being phased out 
and the use of solar panels, wind farms, heat pumps and electric cars is becoming more widespread. 
Therefore, many parts of the electricity network need to be upgraded rapidly. Moreover, there is a risk 
that the future energy system may be developed to a different direction than what Alliander envisages 
- for instance, a new unforeseen energy resource may be explored or developed, creating a mismatch 
with Alliander’s current investment portfolio. Therefore, Alliander’s investments may turn out to be 
allocated in wrong sites, or energy classes in the future. The actual take-up of the new energy systems 
is difficult to predict. Owing to uncertainty surrounding the energy transition scenarios as regards the 
disciplines of electricity, gas and heat and a limited overall organisational focus, there is a risk that the 
Grid Manager has an inadequate overview of the regional and wider trends, making investment choices 
difficult.  
Lack of a timely anticipation of the impact of these developments could result in early write-off of 
unregulated assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial position. Or 
instead, it may turn out that Alliander’s investments are not sufficient in infrastructure, resulting an 
increase in investment spendings in the future. 
Risks related to health and safety 
The regional distribution of energy, such as electricity, biogas, gas and heat, involves health and safety 
risks for the Issuer’s employees, contractors, customers and local communities as a result of accidents, 
leaks and other incidents relating to the Issuer’s business. Insufficient safety awareness and lack of 
knowledge of safe working instructions, quality and safety requirements and safety measures heighten 
the risk of accidents. Unsafe practices of third parties working on Alliander’s behalf can also lead to 
safety risks for employees, contractors, customers and local communities. In addition, materials used 
in the past, such as asbestos, may pose more serious health and safety risks than initially assumed. 
Any of such health and safety related risks may have a negative reputational effect for the Issuer and 
may result in claims, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial 
position. 
Risks related to privacy of energy data 
As part of Alliander’s energy network management activities, it has access to privacy-sensitive data. 
This concerns e.g. connections, energy contracts, usage and costs. Failure by Alliander to comply with 
all applicable rules and regulations in relation to privacy-sensitive data could potentially lead to fines, 
third party claims and loss of reputation and consequently could have an impact on the Issuer’s 
business, financial position and results of operations. In addition, Alliander may be required to incur 
significant costs to protect against or repair the damage caused by privacy violations. 
Risks related to cybercrimes 
The energy networks and above-ground installations of Alliander’s Grid Manager Liander are steadily 
being digitised. At the same time, cyber-attacks with a political or terrorist motive are increasingly 
targeting vital infrastructure. Service interruptions with a duration of between four and eight hours 
require Alliander to compensate customers by €35 per customer. For every extra four hours the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
compensation increases by €20 per customer. Therefore, a successful attack on its digitised networks 
may jeopardise the continuity of Alliander's services and this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial position.  
Risks related to OT/IT landscape not being future proof 
Alliander needs an integrated IT architecture to be able to accommodate current and future primary 
processes and enable the energy transition. The current IT landscape is complex, which complicates 
the digital transformation to a data-driven network operator. The negative impact for the Issuer concerns 
the impact on costs and hence profitability of: 
(i) 
incorrect decision-making on large-scale contracts (e.g. purchasing tooling that 
Alliander ultimately does not use); 
(ii) 
repair work; 
(iii) 
delay of projects (no clear IT governance costs time and money); 
(iv) 
costs that come with a complex landscape; 
(v) 
no reuse of components due to lack of overview; 
(vi) 
not flexible to respond to change; or 
(vii) 
high integration costs. 
Risks related to depreciation period of 40-50 years 
The construction of energy networks is a long-term investment, based on an estimated useful life of 40 
to 50 years. The Netherlands wants to become climate neutral by 2050, and one of the measures to 
achieve this is to replace natural gas for heating with sustainable heating solutions over the next 35 
years. It remains to be seen whether, and if so, which part of the Issuer’s gas distribution networks will 
remain important in the long term for the distribution of, for example, alternative gases. Given the current 
useful life of 40 to 50 years, developments in the heating transition (such as natural gas-free districts) 
will also lead to part of the gas networks being taken out of use prematurely. Although the ACM has 
stated that the network operators will be given extra income to cover the extra depreciation costs, 
depreciation of energy networks could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position. 
Risks related to organisational growth 
The major scale-up in the number of employees and contractors due to the energy transition poses the 
risk that the organisation will not be able to keep up with this rapid growth due to constraints on 
absorptive capacity. There is a risk that the organisation will not be able to recruit enough new 
employees to do all the work required, resulting in an inability to meet the task, failure to deploy new 
employees effectively enough, and inadequate cohesion and commitment. This risk may jeopardise the 
continuity of Alliander’s services because of a shortage of personnel to perform required grid 
maintenance and repair. This risk could also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial 
position.  
RISKS FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES 
4. Risks related to the market 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition,

--- Page 13 ---
13 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more 
attractive to investors.   
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances 
whilst the registration application is pending). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country non-EEA rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: 
(a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purpose of the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication

--- Page 14 ---
14 
of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is 
will be set out on in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any of the factors indicated above could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
5. Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption 
subject to conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Call or Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable 
condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-
whole Redemption Date, as applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions 
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in 
the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by 
such dates so delayed. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that the use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor.  
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds specifies in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes that the Issuer applies the proceeds 
from the offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and 
other environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Assets") in accordance with its Green Finance 
Framework (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds").  
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds 
for any Eligible Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets.  
Any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investor expectations or requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading 
price of Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green assets, which may cause one or more of such investors to dispose of Green Bonds held 
by them, which may affect the value, trading price and/or liquidity of Green Bonds. 
There is no formal or consensus definition of a ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’ (or similar) bond. 
There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to

--- Page 15 ---
15 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time.  
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) on the 
establishment of a list of ‘environmentally sustainable’ economic activities, aimed to facilitating 
sustainable investment. The EU Taxonomy Regulation has (partially) entered into force on 1 January 
2022. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes the basis for a classification system, establishing a list 
of environmentally sustainable economic activities which could play an important role helping the EU 
scale up sustainable investment and implement the European green deal, as established by the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (the “EU Taxonomy”), which is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 November 2023, 
the Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act and Amending Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act were 
published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act ((EU) 
2023/2486) applies from 1 January 2024. The Amending Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act ((EU) 
2023/2485) predominantly applies from 1 January 2024, although some provisions apply from 1 January 
2025. For an economic activity to be recognised as ‘environmentally sustainable”, it should meet the 
technical screening criteria as defined in the EU Taxonomy.  
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Green Assets will meet any or all investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
“green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives such as the EU Taxonomy 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation 
of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets.  
In addition, on 30 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and 
optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked 
bonds (the “European Green Bond Regulation”) was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The 
European Green Bond Regulation has come into force on 20 December 2023 and most provisions will 
apply from 21 December 2024. It will establish an EU voluntary high-quality standard for green bonds 
called the “European Green Bond Standard”. The European Green Bond Standard will be available 
to companies and public entities that wish to raise funds on capital markets to finance their green 
investments, while meeting the requirements of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, and/or any (future) 
delegated regulations’, requirements. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear what the 
impact of the European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, would be on investor demand 
for, and the pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as Green Bonds) that do not meet the 
requirements of the European Green Bond Standard. The Green Bonds will not comply with the 
European Green Bond Standard and this could reduce the demand, price and liquidity for Green Bonds, 
resulting in a material adverse effect for holders of such Green Bonds. Furthermore, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, a formal verification regime has not yet been set up for the accreditation of 
external verifiers to assess alignment of green bond frameworks with the EU Taxonomy or the European 
Green Bond Regulation.  
Accordingly, in the event that the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is or can be given by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. 
Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of 
the Notes.  
The SPO may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
The Issuer has updated its 2022 Green Finance Framework and this Framework is in alignment 
with International Capital Markets Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles 2021 (with June 2022 
Appendix 1) as well as the Loan Market Association (“LMA”) Green Loan Principles 2023 (“GLP”). The 
current version continues to align the selection criteria for the eligible green asset categories to the EU 
Taxonomy and highlights its compliance with applicable environmental and social regulations, ‘Do No 
Significant Harm’ (“DNSH”) criteria and related ‘Minimum Social Safeguards’ of the EU Taxonomy. 
The Issuer has also commissioned ISS ESG to review the portfolio of the Eligible Green Assets, 
as well as the alignment of the Green Finance Framework with the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles 2021 
(with June 22 Appendix 1), the LMA’s GLP and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act (June 2023). 
ISS ESG has provided a positive second party opinion ("Second Party Opinion") confirming that the 
Green Finance Framework is in compliance with the aforementioned standards. Potential investors 
should be aware that a Second Party Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. Any such Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed in this section and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net 
proceeds of the issue of the Notes. A Second Party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Any such Second Party 
Opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment 
in the Notes. Currently, the providers of Second Party Opinions are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. However, pursuant to the European Green Bond Regulation, providers of 
such opinions would be required to be registered an supervised by ESMA in the future. Furthermore, 
the Holders will have no recourse against the provider of the Second Party Opinion. A negative change 
to, or a withdrawal of, the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of the Notes and may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in the Green Bonds.  
The Issuer may not use the proceeds of the Notes for the financing and/or refinancing of the 
Eligible Green Assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Green Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, if any of the risks 
as described in this section ‘Risk factors concerning the Notes’ were to materialise, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible 
Green Assets. No Dealer shall be responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds of any Notes. Any 
failure to use the net proceeds of the Notes in relation to Eligible Green Assets may only occur as a 
result of factors outside the Issuer’s control (including for example as a result of scientific progress, 
relevant legislation and/or investor preferences). 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The maturity of an Eligible Green Asset may not match 
the minimum duration of any Green Bond. Neither any such event or failure by the Issuer nor the 
withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion will constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green 
Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance Eligible Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Under its Terms and Conditions, Green Bonds may provide for the right of the Issuer to redeem 
the Green Bonds early. If such redemption occurs prior to the full allocation of the proceeds of such 
Green Bond, such allocation may not take place in full or not at all and, in that case, the Green Bond 
may no longer be able to contribute to any Eligible Green Assets. Any such event or any failure by the 
Issuer to do so will not give the Holder the right to early terminate the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating 
Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon 
a reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than 
market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase 
in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase 
in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market in and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. 
If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Various interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rates or other type of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks) are the subject 
of national and international regulatory reform. Following the implementation of such potential reforms, 
the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform 
differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could affect the manner in which 
interest determinations are required to be made pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
and have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation new requirements apply with respect to the provision of 
a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevent certain uses by 
EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of 
the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fall-back provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fall-
back provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its 
mandate. 
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued, or any 
other Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)) has occurred or is otherwise unavailable, 
the rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applicable to such 
Notes. If the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)) which may determine in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent Adviser 
if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, 
the day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)), including any Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)) or other 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant 
EURIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. This may lead to conflict of interest of the Issuer being responsible 
for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent. In addition, there is no guarantee that such an 
Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of 
any such factor will produce the same yield for the Noteholders.  
It is possible that the Issuer may itself act as Rate Determination Agent and determine a 
Replacement Reference Rate. In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments 
as it deems appropriate, and acting in good faith, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. In making such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise 
substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. There is 
no guarantee that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the same yield as the rate that was 
discontinued and the price of the affected Notes may affect this. In addition, this may lead to conflict of 
interest of the Issuer being responsible for the determination of the Replacement Reference Rate. 
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, 
and will apply to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or the Rate Determination Agent 
is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) 
with respect to a particular Interest Determination Date, this could result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied before the 
Benchmark Event occurred. However, in such case, the Issuer will re-apply the provisions of Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C), mutatis mutandis, for each subsequent Interest Determination Date on one or more 
occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined, unless the Issuer is of the 
reasonable view (acting in good faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor, alternative and 
substitute reference rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. The 
differences between the Replacement Reference Rate and the Reference Rate could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. In addition, the Replacement Reference 
Rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. Moreover, any of the above matters or 
any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. Furthermore, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes may be amended by the Issuer, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
the Replacement Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to 
be in control over the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of 
interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the 
Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context 
of a discontinuation scenario. This would mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the 
arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collects, analyses, or processes input data for the purposes 
of determining such rate and (iii) determines such rate through the application of a method of calculation 
or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to 
be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on 
the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate 
Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
discontinuation scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the 
Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement 
Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise 
in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario, is published 
or made available to the public and regularly determined by application of a method of calculation or by 
an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must 
be licensed, registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that 
administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent in the circumstances as described 
above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or 
endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose 
to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. In such case, this may affect the possibility for the 
Rate Determination Agent to apply the discontinuation provision of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) meaning that 
the applicable benchmark will remain unchanged (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 
4(b)(ii)). Other administrators may cease to administer certain benchmarks because of the additional 
costs of compliance with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable such as relating to governance and conflict of interest, control 
framework, record keeping and complaints handling. Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
6. Risks related to Notes 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders in physical 
or virtual form to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions 
in writing. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution, 
and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.   
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, without the consent 
of Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a 
meeting of Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in 
place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Conditions of the Notes. Any 
such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders 
and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a 
Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch 
law or administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of the Netherlands in effect at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, as supplemented. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to Dutch, European or any other applicable laws, regulations or 
administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in laws may include 
amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the 
Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it.  
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in 
respect of any disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. The laws of the Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home 
jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the 
Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the 
Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were applied. This may 
lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact 
the return on the Notes. 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum specified 
denomination (a "Specified Denomination") plus one or more higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to 
sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive 
Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AFM.  
Any information from third-parties has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility accordingly. 
Any statements on the Issuer's competitive position included in this Base Prospectus (including 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein) and where no external source is identified are 
based on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally available information. 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. 
Forward looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, 
strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking 
statements.  When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, 
“believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions 
generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward looking statements are contained in the 
sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “and “Alliander N.V.” and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  The 
Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of its management with respect 
to future events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified 
below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's 
underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of operation 
may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document 
entered into in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied by the Issuer or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.  
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified all information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger not any Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
The Dealers do not accept any responsibility for any third-party social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether 
the Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. 
The Dealers are not responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for any Notes. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Green 
Finance Framework (as defined herein) or any opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by 
any Manager to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are listed or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which may outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise

--- Page 23 ---
23 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which may outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to 
trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID II) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an 
EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (and for 
these purposes, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom). 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same or that there has been no adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer and any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Netherlands), the United Kingdom and Japan, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons (see “Subscription and Sale” herein).  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes

--- Page 24 ---
24 
(calculated as described herein)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “USD” refer to United States 
dollars and references to “euro”, “EUR”, “€” and “Euro” refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a 
provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless they have the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Notes and the impact their investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult their 
legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for them, (2) 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to their 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 25 ---
25

--- Page 26 ---
26 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the 
AFM shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the most recent Articles of Association (statuten) of the Issuer which are available at 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-NV-Articles-of-
association.pdf; 
(b) 
the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (both 
the original Dutch version and the English version) (the “Annual Report 2022”) 
together with the independent auditor’s report dated 6 March 2023 on the audit of the 
financial statements 2022 included in the Annual Report 2022, which is available at 
https://jaarverslag.alliander.com/external/asset/download/project/f944830a-03ea-0000-
7d7f- 11c76d994396/name/Alliander_Jaarverslag_2022.pdf 
 
(Dutch) 
 
and 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_Annual_Report_2022.pd
f (English); 
(c) 
the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (both 
the original Dutch version and the English version) (the “Annual Report 2023”) 
together with the independent auditor’s report dated 28 February 2024 on the audit of 
the financial statements 2023 included in the Annual Report 2023, which is available 
at 
https://jaarverslag.alliander.com/external/asset/download/project/f944830a-03ea-
0000-7d7f- 11c76d994396/name/Alliander_Jaarverslag_2023.pdf  
(Dutch) 
 
and 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_Annual_Report_2023.pd
f (English); 
(d) 
the unaudited 2024 half-year report of the Issuer, including the condensed consolidated 
half-year results 2024 of the Issuer (English version) (the “Half Year Report 2024”) 
which is available at https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-Half-
Year-Report-2024.pdf ; 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in previous Base Prospectuses 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme:1  
(i) 
the Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2015, pages 30 to 49 (inclusive) which 
is 
available 
at 
https://werkenbij.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_EMTN_201
5_update_-_Base_Prospectus-Approved-dated-5-October-2015.pdf;  
(ii) 
the Base Prospectus dated 23 October 2018, pages 34 to 55 (inclusive) which 
is 
available 
at 
https://werkenbij.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-MTN-
Update-2018-Base-Prospectus-Approved-Version-23-Octo....pdf;  
(iii) 
the Base Prospectus dated 2 June 2020, pages 39 to 60 (inclusive) which is 
available 
at 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-
Base-Prospectus-dated-2-June-2020-.pdf;  
(iv) 
the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021, pages 41 to 62 (inclusive which is 
available at https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/EMTN-Base-
Prospectus-15-jul-2021.pdf; and  
(v) 
the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022, pages 42 to 66 (inclusive which is 
available at https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Final-Base-
Prospectus-2022.pdf.  
The Annual Report 2022, Annual Report 2023 and the Half Year Report 2024 of the Issuer are 
published in Dutch and English language versions. In case of any discrepancy between both languages, 
the Dutch versions prevails. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the AFM in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
 
1  
It may be necessary to use a drawdown prospectus for some issues of fungible notes.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated 
parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) be initially 
represented by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global Note" and together with a 
Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest 
(if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the 
Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form only to 
the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests 
in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing 
system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) have given a like certification (based on the certifications 
they have received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall 
mean the clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is not less than 40 days after the date on 
which the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), as described therein and in the applicable Final Terms, for interests in 
a Permanent Global Note of the same series, against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not 
be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note is improperly withheld or refused. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” herein) the Agent shall arrange that, where a Temporary Global Note 
representing a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN 
and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the ISIN and 
common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series. 
Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form with Coupons or Talons for further 
Coupons attached. Definitive Notes and global Notes will be to bearer. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
the relevant clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form without 
any requirement for certification. The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part for security printed definitive Notes with, 
where applicable, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons attached. Such exchange may be 
made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  
An "Exchange Event" means (1) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred 
and is continuing, (2) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (3) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were

--- Page 29 ---
29 
the Notes represented by the global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  
In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the global Note may give notice to 
the Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur no later than 45 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the Agent. 
Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. As at the date 
hereof, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg regard Notes in global form as fungible with 
Notes in definitive form. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes, where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the 
Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 9 of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a global Note 
and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to his account with the relevant clearing 
system(s) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from 
the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms 
of such global Note, holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant 
clearing system(s) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements 
of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) and subject to the terms of the relevant global 
Note.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]3 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
ALLIANDER N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500XBZ9QOPTI11U82  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
under the Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 27 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which 
have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms have been published on www.alliander.com/[]. 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including www.alliander.com/[] does 
not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any 
supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [] which are incorporated by reference in the 
base prospectus dated [] 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated [] 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on www.alliander.com/[] ] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Alliander N.V. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ]

--- Page 32 ---
32 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[          ] 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/ the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date / exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date] Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
(a) 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
(Note – where multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[          ]

--- Page 33 ---
33 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for 
Floating rate notes - Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[    ] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below )  
10. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs] [Not Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below )] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date  
(Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case, 
insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[          ] [(the "Calculation Agent")] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[          ] 
month 
[EURIBOR]. 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(Second day on which the T2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to the Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [       ] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [       ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer 
is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems 
(which 
require 
a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Make-whole Redemption Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer 
is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems 
(which 
require 
a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
(b) 
Discounting basis for purposes 
of calculating sum of the 
present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on 
Redeemed Notes in the 
determination of the Make-
whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Quotation Agent: 
[          ] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Reference Security: 
[          ]  
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(a) 
Notice periods: 
 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [        ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer 
is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems 
(which 
require 
a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
(b) 
Percentage of aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: [        ] days 
Maximum Period: [       ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer 
is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems 
(which 
require 
a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event/ 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].”)]  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purpose of calculating the 
amount 
of 
interest, 
to 
which 
subparagraphs 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon 
payments. 
Talons 
may 
be 
required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
27. 
Whether Condition 7 of the Notes 
applies: 
[Condition 7 applies / does not apply] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 39 ---
39 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext in Amsterdam/specify other relevant 
regulated and, if relevant, listing on an official list] 
with effect from [    ].]  [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext in 
Amsterdam /specify other relevant regulated and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list] with effect from 
[    ].]  [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)∗ 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the [EEA 
and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]]  
[The rating [defined terms] has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
 
∗ It may be necessary to use a drawdown prospectus for some issues of fungible notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details](See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is 
disclosed 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus.) 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of Eligible Green Assets 
must be specified)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ]  
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
5. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES 
ONLY) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by

--- Page 42 ---
42 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[               ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information document will 
be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be 
incorporated by reference into each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the 
relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference into) each definitive Note. The applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Tranche of Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
will be endorsed on, incorporated by reference into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” above for a description of the content of the 
Final Terms which include the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Alliander N.V. (the "Issuer", which expression 
shall include any Substituted Debtor pursuant to Condition 16) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below). References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as 
defined below) and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global 
Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a Global Note and (iii) any Global Note. The holders of the Notes and 
the Coupons (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are 
subject to the provisions of an amended and restated agency agreement (the "Agency Agreement", 
which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto or any restatement thereof) 
dated 27 September 2024 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as issuing and principal paying 
agent and agent bank (in such capacity the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference 
to Talons or talons. Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon or attached hereto or applicable hereto or, 
if permitted by the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, incorporated by 
reference herein and supplement these Terms and Conditions and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References 
herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours by a Noteholder upon reasonable request at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents or may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to a Paying 
Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for 
inspection or collection at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may also be 
provided via email save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will 
only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, and the relevant Paying Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent 
and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes 
which are represented by a global Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Any amendments to these Terms and Conditions in connection with such 
additional or alternative clearing system shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes  
The Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, subject 
as provided in Condition 3, with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (save for those preferred by mandatory provisions of law) from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not grant or permit to be 
outstanding, and the Issuer will procure that there is not granted or permitted to be outstanding, and will 
procure that none of the Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9) will grant or permit to be 
outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest over any of its present or 
future assets or revenues or any part thereof, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee 
thereof unless the Issuer shall, in the case of the granting of the security, before or at the same time, 
and in any other case, promptly, procure that all amounts payable under the Notes are secured equally

--- Page 45 ---
45 
and rateably or that such other security or other arrangement is provided as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For this purpose “Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness, present or future, in the 
form of or represented by notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates or other 
similar instruments which are, or are capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on or admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or other 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4 (a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 4 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Terms and Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In the Terms and Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 4(b) applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 4(b) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate 
Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Financial Centres, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. The applicable Final 
Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant 
Screen Page. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(a) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls on the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Terms and Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date ((or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).   
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(b) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below

--- Page 47 ---
47 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Amsterdam, London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System ("T2") 
is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms on the following basis: 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (a) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (b) above, fewer than three such offered

--- Page 48 ---
48 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer, or a third party 
appointed by the Issuer, shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer, with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer, with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer, with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the 
Issuer, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer, by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Issuer, or a third party appointed by the Issuer, it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B), the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of 
a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer, or a third party 
appointed by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and the 
expression "Specified Time" means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
(1) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Issuer 
determines at any time that a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has 
occurred in relation to certain Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next Interest Determination Date), 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent, which will in respect of such Notes 
determine, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is 
the Issuer), whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate for the purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Determination 
Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate (x) has been recommended or selected by the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable currency, or a widely recognised industry 
association or body, (y) has developed or is expected to develop as an industry 
accepted rate for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the 
relevant Notes or (z) is otherwise available and deemed appropriate for the 
relevant Notes. 
(2) 
If the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer, the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event prior to determining a Replacement 
Reference Rate (as defined below) in accordance with this Condition 4(b), 
appoint an Independent Adviser in respect of such Replacement Reference 
Rate. 
(3) 
If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative or 
successor rate is available (such rate as determined by the Rate Determination 
Agent, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest on each Interest Determination Date falling at least five 
business days after such determination, (A) the Rate Determination Agent will 
in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer) determine any necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the 
interest determination date, the day count fraction, the relevant screen page 
and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including 
any Adjustment Spread (as defined below) or other adjustment factor needed 
to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Reference Rate 
(in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for such Replacement Reference Rate); (B) references to the Reference Rate 
in these Terms and Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) 
above (including the Adjustment Spread); (C) the Rate Determination Agent 
will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any 
event no later than 3 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) and the Agent and 
the Calculation Agent (if not the same party) specifying the Replacement 
Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above and the effective 
date thereof. The Issuer may, without consent of any or all Noteholders, make 
any amendments to these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Relevant 
Notes that are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing.  
There is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment 
factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of such factor will 
either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by 
the Rate Determination Agent in accordance with this Condition 4(b), this 
Replacement Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on 
the relevant Notes, subject to this Condition 4(b). For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate. 
(4) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error, bad faith or fraud) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent (if not the same party), the Noteholders and no liability 
to any such person will attach to the Rate Determination Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for 
such purposes. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a Replacement Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) and the Agent and the 
Calculation Agent (if not the same party) no later than 3 Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date and the Reference Rate (as

--- Page 50 ---
50 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will remain in effect (but subject to the 
other provisions of Condition 4(b)) in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will 
remain subject to the operation of the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C). In 
such circumstances, the Issuer will, at any time thereafter, re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply), unless the 
Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good faith) that re-application is not 
(yet) appropriate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Replacement Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C) and no consent or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any 
Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Event. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by 
the Issuer, the Rate Determination Agent or the Independent Advisor and will have no 
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer, the Rate Determination 
Agent or the Independent Advisor.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in making any determination or calculation 
under this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which course 
of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, 
or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Rate Determination Agent, and acting in good faith, determines is required to be 
applied to the Replacement Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate by any competent authority; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines, following consultation with the 
Issuer and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the 
Notes or for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Replacement 
Reference Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent determines that no such 
industry accepted standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent, in its discretion and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be representative or an industry accepted rate 
for debt market instruments (as determined by the Rate Determination Agent 
or if not yet appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in a commercially 
reasonable manner) such as, or comparable to, the Notes; or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(ii) 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful or 
otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for the Calculation Agent) 
pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a competent authority, to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Reference Rate with 
respect to the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate will be changed materially, ceasing to be published for a 
period of at least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be materially changed, no longer be 
representative, cease to be published, be discontinued or be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences that contributors are no longer required by that supervisor to 
contribute input data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate 
(for the avoidance of doubt, in case the specified date lies more than six 
months after the date the public statement is made, this event will be deemed 
to occur as of the date such specified date lies within the following six months); 
or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will be materially 
changed, will no longer be representative, will cease to be published, will be 
discontinued or will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences or that the supervisor no longer 
requires contributors to contribute input data to the administrator for purposes 
of the Reference Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii), (iii) (iv) and (v) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of 
the Reference Rate, as the case may be, and (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (i) 
above, on the date with effect from which the Reference Rate will no longer be (or will 
be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative or an industry 
accepted rate for debt market interests (as determined by the Rate Determination 
Agent or if not yet appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in a commercially 
reasonable manner) such as, or comparable to, the Notes and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as reasonably 
determined by the Rate Determination Agent in its sole discretion. 
“Rate Determination Agent” means (i) an independent third party (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, using commercially 
best efforts, or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint such third party, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), to determine 
the Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(b) and in 
conjunction with an Independent Adviser (as applicable). 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph b above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph b above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(b): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360

--- Page 53 ---
53 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such

--- Page 54 ---
54 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.   
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), 
whether by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Couponholders and no liability to the Issuer, the 
Agent the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent, in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 or individually. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro shall be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such

--- Page 55 ---
55 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons in respect of 
any such Talons will be made or issued, as the case may be. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a 
Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of 
any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall 
have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day

--- Page 56 ---
56 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), "Payment Day" 
means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in:  
(a) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(b) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(ii) 
If T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the T2 is open; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (B) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(g)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Unless the applicable Final Terms provides that Condition 7 does not apply, Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), on 
giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such

--- Page 57 ---
57 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed. The Issuer shall serve notice to the Agents and the Noteholders no less 
than 3 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date of any such delay (such notice to 
include the alternative Optional Redemption Date) or if the redemption shall not occur or be rescinded. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
"Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that 
such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of 
the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and 
including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this sub-paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 5 days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call 
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (each such date, a Make-
whole Redemption Date) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption Date so delayed. The Issuer 
shall serve notice to the Agents and the Noteholders no less than 3 Business Days prior to the relevant

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Make-whole Redemption Date of any such delay (such notice to include the alternative Make-whole 
Redemption Date) or if the redemption shall not occur or be rescinded. 
Calculation Date means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
Make-whole Redemption Amount means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes to maturity or, if Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, to the first Optional Redemption Date (excluding any 
interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual, a 
semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the 
Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Rate means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business 
Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR). 
Quotation Agent means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Dealers means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent 
at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR) on the Calculation Date, 
quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as 
the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term 
of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(c) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(d). 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call 
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer Make-
whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(d) in respect of the Notes, if Issuer Residual Call is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the percentage specified hereon of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Floating Rate Note), at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must 
be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper for them to 
the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(f) shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(f) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amount 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Amortised Face 
Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be

--- Page 60 ---
60 
365) (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries will forthwith 
be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
(j) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(g)(iii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, all payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(a) 
as a result of a withholding or deduction pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due to a holder of the Notes 
or Coupons affiliated to the Issuer within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 in effect as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(b) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Netherlands other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of 
principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(c) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who would not be liable or subject to 
the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(d) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of five years after the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred 
and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of interest or 7 days in the 
payment of principal in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and 
such failure has continued for the period of 30 days next following the service on the 
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, in each case having an 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 125,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency or currencies), shall become due and payable prior to the stated 
maturity thereof following a default or any security therefor becomes enforceable, or, 
in the case of finance or capital leases as referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) of the 
definition of Indebtedness, if the counterparty accelerates the obligations of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, under such capital or finance lease, or 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to make repayment of any such loan or debt 
at the maturity thereof or at the expiration of any grace period originally applicable 
thereto or any guarantee of any loan, debt or other moneys given by the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary shall not be honoured when due and called upon; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary save either (a) for the 
purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders or (b) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, a solvent winding up where all 
(or substantially all) of the assets of such Material Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer 
or another Material Subsidiary or (c) in the case of the Issuer in connection with a 
reorganisation under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant 
to or for the purposes of any applicable law in its jurisdiction of incorporation or is 
adjudicated bankrupt or is granted a suspension of payments (surseance van betaling); 
or 
(vi) 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases to carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole of its business except for the purposes of any 
demerger, merger, consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, or, in the case of the Issuer, (b) the surviving or resulting 
company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with respect to 
the Notes, or, in the case of any Material Subsidiary, (c) another Material 
Subsidiary takes over that part of the business which such initial Material 
Subsidiary ceases to carry on; or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(B) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or 
is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as 
they fall due; or 
(vii) 
if: 
(A) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary under 
any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws; or 
(B) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, 
in relation to the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them; or 
(C) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(D) 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a material part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, 
and in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
if the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of 
its creditors), 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest 
(if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
"Auditors" means PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. or, in the event of their being 
unable or unwilling to carry out any action requested of them, such other reputable firm of 
international accountants as may be nominated by the Issuer; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(ii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is contractually deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(iv) 
amounts raised under any transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net turnover 
(consolidated in the case of a company which itself has Subsidiaries) represents not less than 
10 per cent. of the consolidated total net turnover of the Group taken as a whole, as calculated

--- Page 63 ---
63 
by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated financial statements 
of the Group but if a Subsidiary has been acquired since the date as at which the then most 
recent consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements 
shall be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Subsidiary (that adjustment 
being certified by a director of the Issuer as representing an accurate reflection of the revised 
net turnover of the Group); and 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any company or corporation, a company or corporation: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; 
(b) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; or 
(c) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or 
corporation; 
and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another 
if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition 
of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
A report by a director of the Issuer that in his opinion a subsidiary is or is not a Material 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such report may, if requested, be accompanied by a 
report from the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Issuer as to proper extraction of 
figures used by the Directors of the Issuer in determining a Material Subsidiary as to 
mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(b). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case 
of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially 
all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of 
interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet 
matures. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of wide 
circulation in the Netherlands and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam 
and the rules of that exchange so require, by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euronext Amsterdam 
and through a press release which will also be made available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.alliander.com). Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication in all the newspapers and/or through all the other channels through which such publication 
is required to be made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any 
publication required by a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the rules of the 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system so permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or 
are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
publication in some or all of the newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings 
of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of 
the Notes or Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not 
less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Furthermore, the 
Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders 
of the Notes shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders or signed by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting or sign such resolution, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
The Issuer and the Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not, 
in the sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of Netherlands law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders which will be deemed 
to have been given in respect of each issue of Notes on which no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect 
of the Notes and the relative Coupons provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the “Documents”) and (without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if 
the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, and the relative Coupons and 
the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative 
Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which 
guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) in favour of each 
Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums (including 
any additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 7) payable in respect of the 
Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes in a territory other than the Netherlands, the Documents shall contain a 
covenant and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each 
Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
Condition 7 with the substitution for the references to the Netherlands of references to 
the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident 
for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted 
Debtor, the Issuer to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder 
against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses, provided that insofar as the 
liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason 
of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred by or levied 
against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which 
would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, 
without limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include 
any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder 
by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder 
or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have 
been so imposed had such substitution not been made);

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor 
and the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and the performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed 
by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and 
binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which has admitted 
Notes to listing, trading and/or quotation thereon shall have confirmed that following 
the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the admission to listing, trading 
and/or quotation of such Notes would be maintained by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to 
the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a 
legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers acting for the Issuer to the effect that 
the Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substituted Debtor, the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not 
more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the 
Issuer and to be available for inspection or collection by Noteholders and 
Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent or may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Agent). 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor 
the Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled 
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 16(a)(ii), shall be 
entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the relative 
Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising 
from such substitution. 
(c) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notice referred to in paragraph (e) below having been given the Substituted Debtor shall be 
deemed to be named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of 
the Issuer and the Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be amended 
to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the 
Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
relative Coupons save that any claims under the Notes and the relative Coupons prior to 
release shall enure for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or 
Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor 
by any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons or the 
Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and 
Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or 
the relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(e) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether 
any certifications and/or opinions required by Condition 16 are provided, nor shall it be required to 
review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions produced nor shall it be responsible for the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
the laws of the Netherlands. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Dealers, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders to the jurisdiction of the Court of first instance (rechtbank) of Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands, judging in first instance, and its appellate courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the 
Issuer further irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Dealer Agreement, Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith may be brought in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction. The substantive validity of this Clause 17 is governed by the laws of the Netherlands.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
either:  
a) for general corporate purposes; or 
b) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as "Green Bonds". 
Green Bonds  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from the offer of the 
Notes in accordance with the Issuer’s green finance framework dated 16 May 2024 as may be amended 
from time to time (the “Green Finance Framework”). Such Notes are in this paragraph referred to as 
Green Bonds.  If such Green Bonds will be issued, the applicable Final Terms will specify for which 
Eligible Green Assets (as defined below) the proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used.  
In accordance with the Green Finance Framework, the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be 
exclusively used to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new and existing green assets falling 
(the “Eligible Green Assets”) within one of the following categories:  
1. Renewable Energy; 
2. Energy Efficiency (Smart Technology); and 
3. Green Buildings. 
The Eligible Green Assets are reported through net asset value. In light of the recommendations of the 
EU Green Bond Standard and its position towards refinancing long-dated green assets, Alliander moved 
from capital expenditure reporting to net asset value reporting in 2022.  
The Green Finance Framework aligns the selection criteria for the Eligible Green Asset categories with 
the EU Taxonomy and highlights its compliance with applicable environmental and social regulations, 
‘Do No Significant Harm’ (“DNSH“) criteria and related ‘Minimum Social Safeguards’ (“MSS“) of the EU 
Taxonomy. Per Eligible Asset Category reference is made to any substantial contribution to one of the 
six EU Environmental Objectives as included in the EU Taxonomy. 
The table below provides an overview of the eligibility criteria: 
 
Green Eligible 
Asset 
Category 
(ICMA/LMA) 
 
Description Eligible Assets 
and Related Eligibility 
Criteria 
Financial 
Line Item 
 
Eligibility 
to Green 
Finance 
 
Contribution 
to UN SDGs 
EU Economic 
Activities and 
NACE Code 
 
Contribution to 
EU Environmental 
Objectives4 
Renewable 
Energy 
Assets aimed at 
integrating and 
enhancing the 
transmission capacity 
for renewable energy in 
Net asset 
value 
100%7 
Transmission 
of Electricity 
(NACE D35.13) 
 
EU Environmental 
Objective 1: Climate   
Change    Mitigation (Article 
6) 
Substantial contribution to 
EU Objective 1: (1.a) 
Generating, storing or using 
renewable energy or climate-
neutral energy (including 
carbon-neutral energy), 
including through using 
innovative technology with a 
 
4  
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (Text with EEA relevance) EUR-
Lex - 32020R0852 - EN - EUR-Lex (europa.eu) 
7  
Alliander previously defined the electricity grid eligible amount by applying a weighting factor that corresponded to the share 
of renewable electricity produced in the Netherlands. In 2023, the share of renewable electricity produced in the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(EU TSC 4.95) 
the Dutch electricity grid6 
potential for significant future 
savings or through 
necessary reinforcement of 
the grid 
Energy 
Efficiency (EU  
TSC 4.95) 
Smart technology 
Installation, maintenance 
and  repair of smart 
meters recording 
customer's gas and 
electricity consumption 
for demand 
management, including: 
• 
Sensor and 
technology 
deployment in 
mid/high voltage grid 
• 
Wireless networks and 
fibre optic cable and 
network for transmitting 
and  receiving data8 
 
Net asset 
value 
100% 
 
 
Specialised 
construction 
activities 
(NACE F43) 
Electricity, Gas, 
Steam and Air 
Conditioning 
Supply  
(NACE D35) 
EU Environmental 
Objective 1: Climate   
Change    Mitigation (Article 
6) 
Substantial contribution to 
EU Objective 1: 
• 
(1.b) Improving energy 
efficiency 
• 
(1.g) Establishing 
energy infrastructure 
required for enabling 
decarbonization of 
energy systems 
Green 
Buildings (EU 
TSC 7.1, 7.75) 
New or refurbished 
buildings which meet any 
of the following criteria: 
• 
EPC rating ≥A9; or 
o The Primary 
Energy 
Demand, is at 
least 10% lower 
than the 
threshold set for 
the nearly zero- 
energy building 
(NZEB) 
requirements10 
• 
Energy efficiency 
projects in buildings 
which result in 
reduction of primary 
energy demand 
(PED) of  at least 
30% or complies 
with the applicable 
requirements for 
major renovations 
(DIRECTIVE 
2010/31/EU on the 
energy performance 
of buildings)11 
Net asset 
value 
100% 
 
Construction of 
residential and 
non-residential 
buildings 
(NACE F41) 
Electric, 
plumbing and 
other 
construction 
installation 
activities 
(NACE 43.2) 
EU Environmental 
Objective 1: Climate   
Change    Mitigation (Article 
6) 
Substantial contribution to 
EU Objective 1: 
• 
(1.b) Improving 
energy efficiency 
 
Netherlands was 50%. (Source: https://www.nationaalklimaatplatform.nl/nieuws12/2627274.aspx?t=2023-Hernieuwbaar-
verder-gegroeid-Meerdere-doelen-gehaaldUnder the EU Taxonomy Regulation, 100% of the asset value of the grid is 
classified as Green Eligible Assets therefore going forward Alliander will remove the use of a weighting factor.  
5  
EU TSC category description in line with EUR-Lex-32021R2139 : 4.9 - Transmission and distribution of electricity; 7.1 - 
Construction of new buildings; 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings 
6  
The system is the interconnected European system, i.e., the interconnected control areas of Member States, Norway, 
Switzerland and the United Kingdom, and its subordinated systems; 
8  
Sensor and technology deployment in mid/high voltage grid and wireless networks and fiber optic cable are considered to 
be of a sustainable nature as they form part of the communication infrastructure that enables remote grid operation and 
reading out grid data from a distance without the need for onsite data collection. This data is used to monitor the energy 
grids, locate defect cables and to provide customers with energy data on demand. This enables customers to monitor their 
energy consumption through easily accessible smart apps that could stimulate to save on energy consumption. 
9  
Only for buildings built before 31 December 2020. 
10  Only for buildings built after 31 December 2020 and building performance is certified using an as built Energy Performance 
Certificate (EPC). For buildings larger than 5000 m2, the building will undergo testing for air-tightness and thermal integrity 
and the life-cycle Global Warming Potential (GWP) will be calculated and disclosed to investors and clients. For large non-
residential building (with an effective rated output for heating systems, systems for combined space heating and ventilation, 
air-conditioning systems or systems for combined air-conditioning and ventilation of over 290 kW) it is efficiently operated 
through energy performance monitoring and assessment. 
11  These requirements include among other things: 1) necessary measures to ensure that minimum energy performance 
requirements for buildings or building units are set with a view to achieving cost-optimal levels and 2) minimum energy 
performance requirements shall be reviewed at regular intervals which shall not be longer than five years and, if necessary, 
shall be updated in order to reflect technical progress in the building sector.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
New proceeds will be predominantly allocated to the Renewable Energy category. This category 
currently represents about 80% of the Eligible Green Asset portfolio. The Energy Efficiency category 
currently accounts for 18% of the Eligible Green Asset portfolio and is expected to decrease in the next 
few years. Proceeds may be allocated to the Green Buildings category whenever new or renovated 
green buildings meet the criteria for this category and are added to the Eligible Green Asset portfolio. 
Process for evaluation and selection  
The selection of the assets is carried out by Alliander’s Green Finance Working Group, composed of 
members of the CSR, Finance, Treasury, Procurement departments and in cooperation with relevant 
business units. The selection and evaluation of the Eligible Green Assets are based on: 
• 
expected eligible amounts; 
• 
the abovementioned eligibility criteria including the technical screening criteria proposed by the 
European Union (EU) classification of environmentally sustainable economic activities (EU 
Taxonomy); and 
• 
clear contribution of the selected assets toward reducing CO2 emissions or facilitating the 
reduction thereof, as well as circularity and supply chain transparency, if applicable. 
In addition to the eligibility criteria above, Alliander conducts a supplementary assessment of the Eligible 
Green Assets based on any additional environmental standards or certifications available (e.g.  ISO 
certifications, such as NTA8120/ISO55001). 
Alliander’s strong evaluation and selection process, corporate sustainability and risk management 
framework, helps to mitigate potential environmental and social risks associated with the Eligible Green 
Assets, in accordance with the recommendation of the EU Taxonomy in relation to ‘DNSH Assessment’. 
Management of proceeds 
Alliander intends to allocate the net proceeds from its Green Bonds to an Eligible Green Asset portfolio, 
selected in accordance with the eligibility criteria described in the Green Finance Framework and project 
evaluation and selection process presented above. This portfolio consists of new and/or existing assets.  
Alliander will track the level of allocation for the Eligible Green Asset portfolio which matches or exceeds 
the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds.  
Additional Eligible Green Assets will be added to the Issuer’s Eligible Green Asset Portfolio to the extent 
required, in accordance with the eligibility criteria. 
Activated Eligible Green Assets shall qualify for refinancing without a specific look-back period, provided 
that at the time of issuance they follow the relevant Eligibility Criteria. In case Alliander would select 
Eligible green capital expenditures or operating expenditures, they shall qualify for refinancing with a 
maximum two-year look-back period before the issuance year of the Green Finance Instrument. 
Alliander intends to fully allocate the proceeds within 24 months after the issuance date of the Green 
Bonds. However, as Alliander invests in its Eligible Green Asset portfolio on a continuous basis, it is 
expected that the proceeds will be fully allocated within a shorter period of time.   
Pending the allocation or reallocation of the net proceeds to Eligible Green Assets, Alliander will invest 
the balance of the net proceeds, at its own discretion, into bank deposits, investment funds, money 
market funds or liquid marketable instruments, until the allocation to new Eligible Green Assets. In doing 
so, it will prioritise ESG-focused instruments, such as green deposits and ESG-aligned money market

--- Page 71 ---
71 
funds. As Alliander invests on a continuous basis in its Eligible Green Asset portfolio, temporarily 
unallocated proceeds will be of limited duration and thus will not have a material effect on achieving the 
sustainability goals of Alliander. 
If for any reason, any assets were no longer eligible, Alliander will use its best efforts to substitute such 
asset, as soon as practical once an appropriate eligible substitution option has been identified. 
Reporting  
Alliander will report on the allocation of net proceeds and associated environmental benefits annually 
until the proceeds of each Green Bonds have been fully allocated, and as necessary in the event of 
material changes or in case of substitution of Eligible Green Assets. This report will be made available 
within the Investor Relations’ section on Alliander’s website (https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/). 
Alliander intends to report on the environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Assets funded with the 
Green Bonds proceeds through a dedicated impact report12. Alliander intends to align, on a best effort 
basis, the reporting with the portfolio approach described in “Handbook - Harmonized Framework for 
Impact Reporting (June 2022)”13. The impact reporting will provide (i) a brief description of the Eligible 
Green Assets and (ii) where feasible, metrics regarding Eligible Green Assets’ environmental impacts, 
as described below: 
 
ICMA / LMA  Eligible 
Category 
Potential impact reporting indicators to be provided at Eligible 
Category level 
Pre-issuance range estimate for 
impact indicators over 2024 
Renewable Energy 
• Capacity of renewable energy production connected in the grid (in MW) 
• Renewable energy production feed into grid by solar, wind capacity (in 
MWh) 
• Estimated avoided CO2 emissions (in metric tonnes CO2e)14 
 
• 9,000 – 11,000 MW 
• 10,000,000 – 12,000,000 MWh 
• 3,500,000 – 4,000,000 CO2e 
Energy Efficiency 
Smart technology: 
• Estimated avoided CO2 emissions (in metric tonnes CO2e)15 
• Energy consumption savings (in GJ per year)16 
• 80,000 – 90,000 CO2e 
• 1,100,000 – 1,200,000 GJ 
Green Buildings 
• Average primary energy consumption savings (in GJ per year) 
• Estimated avoided CO2 emissions (in metric tonnes CO2e)17 
 
• 650 – 750 GJ 
 
• 1,000 – 1,200 CO2e 
 
12  Impact reporting may be supplemented by qualitative and/or case-study reports on outcomes and impacts of the Eligible 
Green Assets funded Where relevant, information may be provided on data reporting and impact assessment 
methodologies to increase transparency. 
13  https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2022-updates/Harmonised-Framework-for-Impact-
Reporting-Green-Bonds_June-2022-280622.pdf 
14  The avoided CO2 emissions have been estimated by taking the annual expected electricity production from connected wind 
and solar capacity and calculating the amount of CO2 that would have been emitted if the average production mix (including 
coal and gas) had been applied 
15  The avoided CO2 emissions / energy consumptions savings are estimated by applying a 1% saving on the annual 
consumption of gas and electricity households. This represents the effect of improved insight into actual energy 
consumption savings. 
16  Several studies have been conducted into expected savings in electricity and gas consumption following the installation 
of smart meters. The results typically range from 1% to 6% in total savings. In the next few years more studies may be 
published that perhaps will provide a narrower estimate of the energy saved by the smart meter, but attribution will 
remain difficult to prove and therefore a matter of discussion. Although no assurance can be provided with respect to the 
percentage of energy savings, we have been conservative in our estimates by using 1% energy savings per year for both 
gas and electricity consumption. This percentage represents the change of energy consumption before the smart meter 
was installed against a comparable period after the installation. We have estimated the avoided CO2 emissions in 
relation to the expected savings. As inputs we used the number of installed smart meters financed with this green bond 
and the average electricity and gas consumption per household in our service areas. We feel it is important to give 
insight into the potential impact of the smart meter in terms of energy savings and avoided CO2 emissions. 
17  Avoided CO2 emissions are calculated on the basis of comparing the energy consumption of office spaces (offices 
defined in our impact report) per m2 with that of the average Dutch office building taken from Milieubarometer 
(https://www.milieubarometer. nl/voorbeelden/kantoor). Avoided CO2 emissions reflect the scopes of the GHG Protocol.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
External review  
ISS-Corporate has reviewed the portfolio of Eligible Green Assets, as well as the alignment of the Green 
Finance Framework with ICMA’s Green Bond Principles 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix 1), the LMA’s 
Green Loan Principles 2023 and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act (June 2023) (“Second Party 
Opinion”). According to the Second Party Opinion: 
• 
the formal concept for the Green Bonds relating to the use of proceeds, processes for project 
evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting is aligned with GBP and GLP; 
• 
the sustainability quality of the eligibility criteria is rated positive;  
• 
the nominated project categories are considered to be (i) aligned with the climate change 
mitigation criteria, (ii) aligned with the DNSH criteria and (iii) aligned with the minimum 
safeguards requirements; and 
• 
the key sustainability objectives and the rationale for issuing Green Bonds are clearly described 
by the Issuer and the majority of the project categories are considered in line with the 
sustainability objectives of Alliander. 
Alliander intends to obtain a limited assurance report by its auditor on the allocation of Green Finance 
Instrument’s proceeds to a portfolio of Eligible Assets.  
The information provided in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Green Finance Framework is in 
summarised form. The Green Finance Framework (including the Second Party Opinion) is not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
Green Finance Framework available at https://www.alliander.com/nl/green-finance-framework/ and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary but is available for viewing on the website.  
The Green Finance Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer will not have any obligation to notify Noteholders of any such amendments. Any revisions or 
updates to the Green Finance Framework will be made available on the webpage mentioned above. If 
any amendment to Green Finance Framework would constitute a 'significant new factor' with respect to 
the information included in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer will supplement this Base Prospectus in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
ALLIANDER N.V. 
The figures contained in this description relate solely to the consolidated figures as mentioned 
in the Annual Report 2023 of Alliander N.V. (“Alliander”).  
Incorporation and shareholders 
Alliander was incorporated on 17 December 1998. Alliander is registered in the Arnhem 
Chamber of Commerce under number 34108286. It is a limited liability corporation duly incorporated 
under the laws of the Netherlands and has its registered office at Utrechtseweg 68, 6812 AH Arnhem, 
Postbus 50, 6920 AB Duiven, the Netherlands (phone number: +31 88 5426363). 
Alliander's Articles of Association were last amended by notarial deed executed on 31 May 
2021 before Mrs. J.J.C.A. Leemrijse, civil law notary in Amsterdam. Alliander was formed through the 
merger of energy companies in the provinces of Noord-Holland, Zuid-Holland, Gelderland, Flevoland 
and Friesland. Alliander’s shareholders comprise 77 public authorities, including the Province of 
Gelderland (44.68%), Province of Friesland (12.65%), Province of Noord-Holland (9.16%) and 
Municipality of Amsterdam (9.16%). These four largest shareholders have a controlling interest of 
75.65%. The shareholders do not assume any responsibility for the debts of Alliander or its subsidiaries. 
Profile Alliander group 
Alliander consists of a group of companies, among them Liander N.V. (“Liander”), Qirion B.V. 
(“Qirion”) and Firan B.V. (“Firan”). Together Alliander stands for high-quality knowledge of energy 
networks, energy technology and technical innovations. Network operation is Alliander’s core activity. 
Network operator Liander keeps the energy infrastructure in good condition to ensure distribution of gas 
and electricity to millions of consumers and businesses every day.  
 
Qirion focuses on the development of sustainable technologies and intelligent energy 
infrastructures. 
In addition, Alliander explores and develops new business activities that fit Alliander’s 
company's strategy and the role it sees for itself in the transition towards a more renewable energy 
system. Firan connects area owners, public authorities, providers and users to help them realise their 
sustainable ambitions, e.g. through the development of open energy infrastructures. Alliander AG is a 
small-scale service provider and partner of network operators, cities and municipalities in Germany. 
As a network company, Alliander is responsible for the distribution of energy, such as electricity, 
gas, biogas and heating. Alliander does not produce or trade energy itself. This is done by energy 
suppliers, buyers and traders. The vast majority of the energy Alliander distribute in its regions comes 
from energy plants and wind farms through the international and national energy networks of TenneT 
and Gasunie. In addition, a growing number of consumers and businesses are feeding their self-

--- Page 74 ---
74 
generated energy into Alliander’s networks. This is making the energy supply chain more dynamic. 
Alliander ensures that all energy is distributed as safely and efficiently as possible from source to end 
user – for instance, from wind turbines to households or electric vehicle charging points. 
 
Going forward, the task of Alliander as a network company is to ensure that its customers 
continue to enjoy 'anytime, anywhere' energy and freedom of choice of (sustainable) energy supplier. 
This leads to the mission that Alliander stands for an energy supply allowing everybody under equal 
conditions access to reliable, affordable and sustainable energy.  
Alliander and its subsidiaries collaborate with many parties in the energy sector and with 
organisations that want to drive innovation in the field of energy. Alliander facilitates the local exchange 
of energy and work in conjunction with public authorities on issues related to the heating transition.  
As a co-designer, Alliander provides the government, municipalities, provincial authorities and 
businesses with knowledge that helps in the long-term development of the energy system. Alliander 
shows them what the energy network can handle, and the social costs associated with specific choices. 
In addition, Alliander helps organisations by offering data services and collaborates with others to 
develop a flexible energy market that is driven by supply and demand. 
Alliander aspires to fulfil its public responsibilities in a committed and reliable way. A key 
objective is to realise balanced growth for all its stakeholders: customers, staff, capital investors, the 
environment and society. Alliander acts at all times with an awareness of the social significance of 
energy to its customers and for society.  
Profile Alliander N.V. 
Alliander is the holding company of the Alliander group, which comprises, among others, of the 
regulated grid manager (Liander) installation and maintenance services provider to complex energy

--- Page 75 ---
75 
structures (Qirion) and new business activities in the infrastructure and services sectors like Firan and 
Entrance. 
 
Profile Grid Manager 
Liander is responsible for connecting and transporting gas and electricity. In 2023, with an 
availability of the grids operated by the Grid Managers of 99.99% (electricity outage 23.2 minutes) the 
company is among the most reliable energy networks in the world. 
Generating regulated revenue that accounts for 91% of the revenue of the Alliander group, the 
Grid manager is Alliander’s largest business unit. The Grid Manager has 5.9 million gas and electricity 
connections in Gelderland, Noord-Holland, Flevoland and in large areas of Friesland and Zuid-Holland. 
The Grid Managers' duties are laid down by law. The Energy Department of the Authority for 
Consumers & Markets (ACM/Energie) monitors compliance. These statutory duties are: 
(i) 
to connect customers to the electricity grid;  
(i) 
to transport electricity and gas via the electricity and gas grid;  
(ii) 
to build, maintain, expand and repair energy grids; 
(iii) 
to solve power outages and gas leaks; and  
(iv) 
to contribute to the free energy market by making it possible to switch to another 
supplier. 
The Grid Manager also offers other services, such as building, managing, maintaining and 
upgrading connections to the gas and electricity grid. 
Profile Qirion B.V. 
As a technical specialist, Qirion designs, builds, manages and maintains complex private 
energy grids and large industrial and other installations for approximately 90 customers throughout the 
Netherlands. Qirion has customers in the field of high-voltage power, such as TenneT Holding B.V. 
(“TenneT”), as well as customers with their own energy network, such as Agriport A7 B.V., ProRail B.V. 
and Vattenfall N.V.  
Qirion’s core activities are consultancy, projects, maintenance and management in the fields of 
high-voltage, complex medium-voltage, gas and industrial installations. Qirion further acts as a service 
provider to the Grid Managers, Liander, and the high-voltage company, TenneT. This means that Qirion 
is responsible for innovations in the Grid Managers' grids and installations as well as for building, 
renovating, managing, maintaining and measuring, controlling and securing installations. Qirion also 
works in the open market. It supplies comprehensive solutions and services including consultancy, 
innovation, building, maintenance, management and ICT for energy and other infrastructures.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Qirion is Alliander’s technical knowledge centre. Some three-quarters of all innovations at 
Alliander originate in this business unit. 
The regulatory framework  
A substantial part of Alliander’s activities is regulated. This concerns mainly the grid 
management operations, which have been placed within the Grid Manager. Energy supervision in the 
Netherlands has been entrusted to the energy department of the ACM. In the past years, the supervision 
over Dutch business and industry, including the energy companies, has been intensified and the 
enforcement policy tightened up. New legislation is scheduled to pass parliament and the impact on 
tariff regulation is only very limited. Major goals of the new legislation are a streamlining, optimization 
and modernization of the grids, whereas the allowed activities of network operators and network 
companies will be clarified. 
As described in the risk factor “Impact of Dutch regulatory framework on revenue, profits and 
financial position of the Issuer” in the section “Risk Factors” the ACM has published the Method Decision 
for the period 2022 – 2026. The WACC numbers for the current regulatory period are as follows: 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
nominal WACC before Tax 
3.41% 
3.31% 
3.23% 
3.70% 
3.68% 
3.67% 
inflation correction 
0.83% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
Real plus WACC before Tax 
2.56% 
2.41% 
2.32% 
2.79% 
2.77% 
2.76% 
 
Capital market and money market activities 
Alliander has a €5 billion EMTN programme. At year-end 2023, bonds totalling €2,587 million 
(nominal value €2,600 million) had been issued under the programme. Alliander also has a 
subordinated perpetual bond loan of €495 million (nominal value €500 million) issued in January 2018, 
a subordinated perpetual bond loan of €495 million (nominal value €500 million) issued in June 2024 
(the “Securities”) and the €598 million Convertible Shareholder Loan referred to below (nominal value 
€600 million) that have been issued separately. For its short-term funding needs, Alliander has a 
standard and a green commercial paper (“ECP”) programme totalling €1,500 million, which can be used 
to issue short-term debt instruments. €500 million ECP loans were outstanding as at year-end 2023, 
and €300 million was outstanding to year-end 2022. 
Alliander has contracted a committed backup credit facility totalling €900 million with seven 
banks. The facility runs until 17 December 2028. The facility has not been drawn on. Alliander also 
secured €400 million in bilateral credit lines in 2023 (2022: zero). These credit facilities are to be used 
to cover liquidity requirements. 
In line with Alliander’s financial policy the Securities and the Convertible Shareholder Loan will 
be treated as 50% equity in the financial ratios. This treatment follows from the alignment of Alliander’s 
financial policy with S&P methodology as far as the equity content (i.e. the extent to which an instrument 
is counted by a rating agency as a form of equity instead of debt) of the Notes and the Shareholder 
Loan is concerned. 
Convertible shareholder loan 
In December 2021, the shareholders of Alliander provided €600 million in the form of a reverse 
convertible hybrid shareholder loan (the “Convertible Shareholder Loan”). This represents a 
substantial non-recurring cash flow, 50% of which counts as equity in rating agency assessments: 
subject to certain conditions, Alliander is entitled to convert all or part of the loan into shares, so part of 
the loan counts as extra capital for the purposes of determining creditworthiness.  
Credit Rating 
On 25 April 2024, Moody’s confirmed its rating of Alliander to Aa3/P-1 (stable outlook). On 2 
February 2024, S&P put the Alliander credit ratings on stable outlook A+/A-1.  
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's France SAS are established in the European 
Union and are registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. 
ESG Ratings

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Alliander’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks, and the related 
management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been measured by several agencies 
through environmental, social and governance ratings (“ESG ratings”). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Alliander has been assigned ESG ratings from MSCI ESG Research LLC (AA), 
Sustainalytics (14.1 Low Risk) and ISS ESG (B+).  
Green Bonds 
Alliander intends to align its funding strategy with its wider corporate mission, including its 
sustainability objectives and long-term goals, by issuing Green Bonds. Alliander views the energy 
transition as a sustainability priority. To achieve this, Alliander is prioritising investment in sustainable 
and energy efficient solutions and operating the electricity grid allows for integration of renewable in the 
Dutch energy system and therefore contributing to the transformation of the country. In addition, 
Alliander aims to contribute to, among others, the development of the green bond market and dark 
green dedicated investing. The Green Bonds will help Alliander to target investors with sustainability 
priorities and dedicated green investment pockets, while broadening the dialogue with its existing 
investor base.  
Business strategy  
Energy networks form an important pillar underpinning society. Alliander's customers and wider 
society count on energy being available at all times. What motivates Alliander is to ensure a reliable, 
affordable and renewable energy supply is provided both now and in the future.  
This objective is translated into a mission, which is that Alliander stands for an energy system 
where everyone has equal access to reliable, affordable and renewable energy. The energy landscape 
is changing. Energy is now produced both centrally and locally, and new energy sources and 
applications are emerging. Innovative services are being introduced in such fields as electric transport, 
energy saving, energy management and local energy generation. This changing landscape makes 
different demands on Alliander’s infrastructure, provision of information, and partnerships. Alliander 
aims to play a facilitating role in the energy transition. Alliander is helping to create an open energy 
market and to support the sustainable energy choices of its customers and the regions where it 
operates. 
Alliander’s strategy comprises seven pillars resting on a strong foundation: 
(i) 
Excellent management: optimising maintenance and improving customer services. 
Alliander aims to be an excellent, responsive network operator by fulfilling the wishes 
of our customers and other stakeholders; 
(ii) 
Reducing demand for transmission capacity: helping our customers to make choices 
that limit the demand for transmission capacity. This cuts their energy bills and also 
ensures that the scarcity in terms of people and space can be used in the most effective 
way possible; 
(iii) 
Making better use of the network: in various locations in the Netherlands, the power 
grid has (almost) reached maximum capacity. By making better use of the network, we 
want to connect more customers in the years to come; 
(iv) 
Completing more work: scaling up the construction of network expansions and 
upgrades even further. To make planning processes more proactive; 
(v) 
Sharing data and developing new market services: proactively making data and 
services available ensures that the energy market can function properly, customers 
can make choices beneficial to the network and Alliander can balance supply and 
demand on a local level; 
(vi) 
Developing infrastructure for heating and sustainable gases: hydrogen and green gas 
will become important in our energy system. Alliander is using the existing gas network 
to distribute these gases and to improve the energy system; and 
(vii) 
Future-proof foundations: the organisation, the people, the working methods and the 
systems make up the foundations for implementing the aforementioned strategies. 
Alliander focuses on four areas to facilitate and accelerate the energy transition: 
(i) 
Substantially upscale implementation capacity;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
• 
Modular construction; 
• 
District-by-district approach for upgrading low-voltage grids; 
• 
Large-scale contracting of work packages for high- and medium-voltage grids; 
(ii) 
Energy system planning; 
• 
Alliander: actively and proactively engage with municipalities to discuss and advise 
on their plans; 
• 
Municipalities: allocate significantly more space for energy infrastructure at an 
earlier stage – smartly combine supply and demand in congestion areas; 
• 
Customers: involve Alliander in their sustainability plans at a very early stage; 
(iii) 
Maximize the potential of the existing grid; 
• 
Responsible asset maximisation; 
• 
Group contracts for cooperating individual companies to make better use of the 
local grid capacity; 
(iv) 
Good customer & stakeholder communications; 
• 
Improved and proactive communication on projects in regions; 
• 
Introduction online status tracking of request for new connection or capacity 
increase. 
Financial results in 2022 and 2023 
General 
Profit after tax amounted to €267 million in 2023 compared with €198 million in 2022. Profit 
after tax is up by €69 million, mainly due to the combined effect of higher revenues (€575 million) and 
higher total operating expenses (€444 million). The higher regulated tariffs in particular, but also the 
growth in the number of connections and transmission volumes of electricity, increased the revenue 
from regulated electricity and gas sales by €614 million compared to 2022. At the same time the extra 
revenue also has implications for total operating expenses, which are €444 million higher than in 2022. 
As a result of the held-for-sale classification of Alliander’s subsidiary Kenter, the application of the 
declining balance method on the gas network from 2022, and the replacement of a relatively larger 
number of meters resulting in higher expenses due to divestments, depreciation and impairments of 
non-current assets decreased by €7 million. The increase in energy prices has a knock-on effect on the 
purchase costs for compensating network losses, which are €78 million higher than in 2022. The 
increase of €162 million in costs of transmission capacity charged by TenneT also had a negative 
impact on our profit. 
Total operating expenses rose from €1,903 million in 2022 to €2,347 million in 2023. This €444 
million increase was primarily caused by the following factors:  
(i) 
The cost of procuring transmission capacity rose by €162 million as a result of the 
higher tariffs set by TenneT. 
(ii) 
Employee benefit expenses (total of permanent and temporary staff) were €147 million 
higher in 2023 compared to 2022 as a result of workforce expansion.  
(iii) 
The increase in energy prices led to procurement costs associated with network losses 
that were €78 million higher compared to 2022. 
(iv) 
Other operating expenses amounted to €249 million and were therefore €62 million 
higher than the expenses for 2022. One of the causes for this is the increased 
consultancy costs for various projects. These were higher due to the use of external 
consultants during the Kenter sale process, but also to prepare for the Kenter carve-
out in late January 2024. Consultants were also used during the negotiations for the 
Framework Agreement with the State, as well as for the (multi-year) project to future-
proof our information systems. Alliander also incurred higher costs due to its own 
energy usage and due to the growth of the organisation (facilities costs, maintenance

--- Page 79 ---
79 
costs and leasing costs). The costs for 2022 were also lower due to the one-off release 
of a provision for a loss-making contract at one of the entities in Germany. 
The total tax expense for the year 2023 is €31 million higher than in 2022 due to our higher 
profit before tax. The current tax expense in the 2023 financial year amounted to €9 million, which 
represents an income. The income recorded under current tax expense, results from application of the 
scheme for discretionary depreciation for tax purposes in 2023, which creates a tax loss that can be 
partially offset against the taxable profit in 2022. The movement in deferred taxation is €102 million. 
The corporate income tax charge (which represents an income in 2023) of the Dutch fiscal unity, which 
only represents Alliander together with its Dutch subsidiaries, as recognized in the financial statements, 
amounts to €12 million. This is the balance of the corporate income tax calculated over the profit for 
2023 (€6 million), the corporate income tax for previous years of €4 million and the corporate income 
tax on movements in balance sheet items recognised directly in equity of minus €2 million. 
Revenue in the 2023 financial year rose by €575 million compared with the previous year, from 
€2,150 million to €2,725 million. The (regulated) revenue from electricity and gas increased by €539 
million and €75 million respectively. For electricity, this increase is mainly attributable to higher tariffs, 
although the higher number of connections also played a role. In contrast to the tariffs for electricity and 
gas, the metering service tariffs were lower in 2023 compared to 2022, which resulted in a €42 million 
revenue drop. Other revenue came to €215 million, which is in line with the previous year. 
The total employee benefit expenses for both internal and external employees were €147 
million higher than in 2022. The workforce increased by 579 FTEs in 2023, with the average expenses 
per FTE increasing due to an increase under the collective labour agreement (4%) and due to a labour 
allowance for technical staff. The larger workforce also resulted in a net addition of €12 million to the 
provision for ‘Other long term employee benefits’. The number of agency FTEs increased by over 489. 
These agency workers were hired to ensure sufficient staffing for the work package and specific 
expertise for ongoing projects, such as digitalisation projects. The larger workforce and the higher 
average expenses per FTE also resulted in higher capitalised production: this was €318 million, which 
is €24 million more than in the previous year.  
The costs of grid losses, at €330 million, were up by €78 million compared with 2022 due to the 
high energy prices paid for procuring electricity and gas. 
Transport capacity costs in 2023 amounted to €453 million, an increase of €162 million 
compared to the previous year (2022: €291 million). These costs mainly consist of the costs for 
transmission capacity charged by TenneT.  
The depreciation and amortisation charges and impairment losses on non-current assets 
amounted to €532 million, which despite the higher level of investment is a decrease of €7 million 
compared with the preceding year (2022: €539 million). One of the causes of the decrease is the held-
for-sale classification of Alliander’s subsidiary Kenter. From December 2022 this entity was being held 
for sale, so based on IFRS there was no more depreciation of non-current assets in 2023. This also 
resulted in depreciation charges being down €10 million in 2023. A relatively larger number of meters 
was also replaced in 2022, resulting in higher expenses due to divestments. The application of the 
declining balance method on the gas network from 2022 also resulted in lower depreciation charges. 
This was used due to an expected decreased utilisation of our gas assets as alternative energy sources 
become more predominant. 
Total expenditure on network investments and maintenance costs in 2023 was €1,740 million, 
an increase of €178 million compared with 2022 (€1,562 million). The increase was caused by higher 
investments (€183 million), whereas the costs of maintenance and outages remained relatively stable. 
Alliander’s results can be affected by incidental items and fair value movements. Alliander 
defines exceptional items as items that, in the management’s opinion, do not derive directly from the 
ordinary activities and/or whose nature and size are so significant that they must be considered 
separately to permit proper analysis of the underlying results. In 2023, exceptional items had a positive 
impact of €4 million on our net profit. In 2022, exceptional items provided a gain of €26 million. This 
means that the net profit, adjusted for these exceptional items, was €91 million higher than in the 
previous year.  
Events after balance sheet date of 31 December 2023 
On 31 January 2024, Alliander sold the shares of Kenter to a consortium consisting of ABP and 
OMERS Infrastructure. The consortium obtained full control of Kenter and its subsidiaries with effect

--- Page 80 ---
80 
from this date. In recent years, Kenter has grown from a traditional metering company with 95 
employees to an integrated energy solution provider with a staff of over 400. Partly because the market 
in which Kenter operates is growing strongly, it is expected that in the future Kenter will play an even 
greater role in the energy transition and in offering its customers total solutions. The work that Kenter 
is doing – and will continue to do in the future – is highly relevant to the energy transition. This relevance 
should really come into full bloom outside Alliander, given that, as a network company, Alliander has to 
deal with laws and regulations that place restrictions on Kenter. These restrictions are expected to 
increase further in the coming years and become an increasing obstacle to the work of Kenter and its 
staff. In addition, the sale of Kenter allows Alliander to focus even more on the major task of getting 
more work done, responding faster to developments and designing the energy network of the future 
together with partners. Kenter’s net revenue in 2023 amounted to €107 million. Part of the transaction 
also involves a limited number of free domain activities. These activities are currently still part of a cross 
border lease (“CBL”) agreement and are therefore still held by Liander. These activities will be 
transferred by Alliander to Kenter after the termination of the CBL on 2 January 2025. Alliander received 
a total of €984 million in relation to the sale of Kenter on 31 January 2024. Of that amount, €875 million 
relates to the sale of the shares of Kenter BV, €65 million to the aforementioned free domain activities 
and the remaining €44 million to the repayment of the current account debt and interest. The preliminary 
book profit on the sale of Kenter amounts to €757 million. The final purchase price and book profit 
relating to the sale of the shares of Kenter has been determined in March 2024, and the final purchase 
price and book profit relating to the free domain activities in the spring of 2025. As at 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023, Kenter’s assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale in Alliander’s 
consolidated balance sheet. The assets of the free domain activities will be classified as such in 2024. 
All 400 employees of Kenter transferred to the new successor company.  
On 27 June 2024, Alliander issued a subordinated perpetual bond loan of €500 million at an 
issue price of 99.18% and a coupon rate of 4.50%. The bonds are subordinated to all other liabilities of 
Alliander, with the exception of the subordinated shareholder loans with which they are equated. The 
bonds are perpetual, i.e. they have no maturity date. Alliander has the option to repay the bonds on the 
first call date on the 27 June 2032. S&P and Moody’s have given the loan an issue rating of BBB+ and 
A3 respectively. The bonds are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: XS2829852842). 
Management Board and Supervisory Board 
Management Board 
Alliander’s management board (the “Management Board”) consists of four members:  
• 
Mr M.J. Otto 
 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
• 
Mr W.Th. Bien  
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
• 
Mr F.D. Schut  
Chief Transition Officer (CTO) 
• 
Mrs M. Visser 
 
Chief Operating Officer (COO) 
Mr M. (Maarten) J. Otto 
Chair and CEO 
Maarten Otto was appointed chair of the Management Board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
with effect from 20 May 2020. He is also responsible for the business and operations management of 
network operator Liander. He was worked for Alliander since 2017, holding the position of Corporate & 
Social Affairs Director since 2018. Prior to that, he held various positions at organisational 
consultancies, TEN HAVE Change Management and Twynstra Gudde. 
Maarten Otto studied Management, Economics and Law at The Hague University of Applied 
Sciences and Public Administration at Erasmus University Rotterdam. He also holds a postgraduate 
diploma in Management Consulting from VU University Amsterdam. 
Supervisory board memberships/relevant other positions: 
• 
Chair of the Netbeheer Nederland Members Council. 
• 
Chair of the Management Board of the Employers’ Association for the Energy, Cable & Telecom 
and Waste & Environment Sectors (Werkgeversvereniging voor de Energie-, Kabel & Telecom- 
en Afval & Milieubedrijven, WENb).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
• 
Member of the Executive Management Board of VNO-NCW. 
Mr W. (Walter) Th. Bien 
Member of the Management Board and CFO 
Walter Bien joined the Management Board on 7 October 2019, on which date he was also 
appointed to the position of CFO. Before joining Alliander, he was CFO at Boskalis Dredging & Inland 
Infra and prior to that he held various board and management positions at Boskalis. Prior to Boskalis 
he worked at Ballast Nedam. 
Walter Bien earned a degree in Business Economics at the University Amsterdam. He also 
completed the Senior Executive Programme at the London Business School and a postgraduate 
controllers programme at the University of Amsterdam. 
Supervisory board memberships/relevant other positions:  
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of Foundation AAP (Stichting Aap, wild animal rescue 
foundation), chair of the Audit Committee. 
Mr F.D. (Daan) Schut 
Member of the Management Board and CTO 
Daan Schut joined the Management Board on 1 April 2019, on which date he was also 
appointed to the position of Chief Transition Officer (CTO). He is also responsible for the business and 
operations management of network operator Liander. Prior to joining the Management Board, he held 
the position of Director of Asset Management (from 2014) as well as various management positions 
between 2009 and 2014. Before Alliander, Daan Schut worked as an advisor at KPMG. 
Daan Schut earned degrees in IT Auditing at Erasmus University Rotterdam, and Business 
Economics at HAN University of Applied Sciences. He also completed the INSEAD Advanced 
Management Programme (AMP). 
Supervisory board memberships/relevant other positions:  
• 
Member of the Management Board of Next Generation Infrastructures.  
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of Foundation ElaadNL (Stichting ElaadNL, knowledge and 
innovation centre on EV infrastructure and smart charging).  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of GOPACS.  
Mrs M. (Marlies) Visser 
Member of the Management Board and COO 
Marlies Visser joined the Management Board on 1 May 2020, as Member of the Management 
Board and Chief Operating Officer (COO). Prior to joining the Management Board she held the position 
of Director Operations from 2014. Before joining Alliander, Marlies Visser held various management 
positions at THE Dutch Railways (de Nederlandse Spoorwegen) including that of Manager Service & 
Operations.  
Marlies Visser earned a degree in Communication Sciences at the University of Amsterdam. 
She also completed the Advanced Management Program (AMP) of INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France. 
Supervisory Board memberships/relevant other positions: 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Attero. 
Recent developments: the Executive Committee 
Alliander has expanded its Management Board to an Executive Committee by adding a Chief 
Human Resource Officer (current HRM director, Heleen Cocu-Wassink) and a Chief Digital Officer 
(current Digitalization director, Rinke van de Rhee). The Management Board remains legally 
responsible but will manage the organisation, together with the Chief Human Resource Officer and 
Chief Digital Officer, as the Executive Committee (the “ExCo”) making it the highest management body 
in the management and consultation structure within Alliander. Regular consultations take place in an 
ExCo context for decision-making at the highest level, for discussing Alliander's strategy implementation 
and for providing strategic direction to the organisation. This means that the Management Board

--- Page 82 ---
82 
meetings will change to ExCo meetings. The statutory responsibility of the Management Board (e.g. 
towards the works council, Supervisory Board, shareholders and customers) remains unchanged as 
the adjustment of the top structure has no consequences thereon. 
The works council has given positive advice on the change in the top structure and the addition 
of the Chief Human Resource Officer and Chief Digital Officer. The change in the top structure has 
taken effect as of 8 April 2024. 
Mrs H.N.L. (Heleen) Cocu-Wassink 
Member of the Executive Committee and Chief Human Resource Officer 
Heleen joined Alliander on 1 January 2022 as Head of Human Resources and became a 
member of the Executive Committee as CHRO on the 8th of April 2024. As Chief Human Resource 
Officer, Heleen is responsible for both the ‘People & Organisational’ agenda as well as the 
transformation of the organisation.  
Before joining Alliander, Heleen was a partner at consultancy firm Hay Group, the Global Head 
of People & Organisational Development and Business Change lead at ASML and the Head of Human 
Resources at the University of Leiden.  
Heleen earned a degree in Business Administration from the University of Groningen and 
successfully completed the Erasmus Program for Supervisory Board roles. 
Supervisory Board memberships/relevant other positions: 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Roto Group, chair of the remuneration committee. 
• 
Member of the advisory board of the National Association of Trusted Representatives 
(Landelijke Vereniging van Vertrouwenspersonen). 
• 
Member of the advisory board of the Goldschmeding Foundation. 
Mr R. (Rinke) van de Rhee 
Member of the Executive committee and Chief Digital Officer 
Rinke van de Rhee joined Alliander on 1 January 2015 and became a member of the Executive 
Committee on 8 April 2024, on which date he was also appointed Chief Digital Officer.  
Prior to joining the Executive Committee he held the position of Director Digitization at Alliander, 
leading its digital agile programs and information- and operational technology portfolio. 
Before Alliander, Rinke van de Rhee was co-founder of consultancy UCPartners, Managing Consultant 
at Capgemini and Account Director at Sensormatic Electronics Corporation.  
Supervisory Board memberships/relevant other positions: none. 
Supervisory Board 
Alliander’s supervisory board (“Supervisory Board”) consists of the following five members: 
• 
Ms A. Jorritsma-Lebbink  
• 
Ms T. Menssen 
• 
Ms M. Nooteboom 
• 
Mr F. Eulderink 
• 
Mr. G. Penning 
Ms A. Jorritsma-Lebbink, chair 
First appointed: 1 July 2016 
End of current term: 2024 (extended for a maximum of 2 years until the general shareholders’ 
meeting of 2026) 
Alliander committee: member of the Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee 
Background: Annemarie Jorritsma has been a Dutch Senate member for the People's Party for 
Freedom and Democracy (VVD) since 9 June 2015 and has served as VVD Senate leader since 24 
November 2015. After starting her national political career as a member of the Dutch House of

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Representatives in 1982, she served in two successive governments (Kok I and Kok II) as Minister of 
Transport, Public Works and Water Management, and Minister of Economic Affairs and Deputy Prime 
Minister respectively. Annemarie Jorritsma was Mayor of Almere from 2003 to 2015. She also chaired 
the Association of Dutch Municipalities (VNG) for seven years. 
Relevant other positions: chair of the Supervisory Board of Accell Group, member of the 
Supervisory Board of Sandy HoldCo (Roompot), Member of the Supervisory Board of Wilgenhaege 
Capital Markets, member of the Econowind Advisory Council (from September 2023), chair of the 
Netherlands Venture Capital Association (Nederlandse Vereniging van Participatiemaatschappijen, 
NVP), member of the Supervisory Board of the Talent for Technology Platform (Platform Talent voor 
Techniek), chair of the Management Board of Holland International Distribution Council (Nederland 
Distributieland) from 26 April 2023.  
Mrs T. Menssen 
First appointed: 26 September 2019 
End of current term: 2027 (eligible for reappointment) 
Alliander committee: chair member of the Audit Committee 
Background: Thessa Menssen was CFO and a member of the Management Board of BAM 
Group and before that she was CFO and COO of the Port of Rotterdam Authority.  
Relevant other positions Member of the Supervisory Board of Aalberts (from 9 March 2023), 
member of the Supervisory Board of Ecorys, member of the Supervisory Board of the National Maritime 
Museum, member of the Supervisory Board of Kröller Müller Museum. 
Ms M. Nooteboom 
First appointed: 19 April 2023 
End of current term: 2027 
Alliander committee: member of the Audit Committee (as of 1 May 2023) Alliander 
Background: Marinka Nooteboom is CEO of Royal Nooteboom Group. She started out her 
career in the financial sector successively at F. van Lanschot Bankiers and ING, before moving to the 
Nooteboom Group in 2010.  
Relevant other positions: Member of Ace Centre of Expertise Advisory Council. 
Mr F. Eulderink 
First appointed: 26 September 2019 
End of current term: 2027 (eligible for reappointment) 
Alliander committee: chair of the Audit Committee 
Background: Frits Eulderink is COO and member of the Management Board of Royal Vopak. 
He previously held various technical and management positions at Shell, including Vice President, 
Unconventional Oil in Houston (US).  
Relevant other positions Chair of the Supervisory Board of Energie Beheer Nederland (from 1 
January 2024), member of the Advisory Council of Leiden Observatory research institute, member of 
the International Review Board of the Netherlands Research School for Astronomy.  
Mr G. Penning  
First appointed: 1 February 2021  
End of current term: 2025 (eligible for reappointment)  
Alliander committee: member of the Audit Committee (until 1 May 2023), chair of the Selection, 
Appointment and Remuneration Committee (as of 1 May 2023) 
Background: Gerard Penning was Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) and a member of 
the Executive Committee of ABN AMRO until 1 December 2022. He previously held various 
management and executive positions at Shell, including that of Executive Vice President of HR 
Downstream.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Relevant other positions: member of the Administrative Board of the international organization 
Sustainable Energy for All and non-executive director Inuka, B corp specialized in coaching. 
All members of the Supervisory Board are Dutch nationals and meet the requirements of the 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code (best practice provision III.3.4) and of the Management and 
Supervision Act (Section 2:252a sub 1 of the Dutch Civil Code) regarding the maximum number of 
supervisory board positions. None of the members of the Supervisory Board holds another position at 
a Dutch listed company. 
The address of both the Management Board and Supervisory Board is Alliander N.V., 
Utrechtseweg 68, 6812 AH Arnhem – P.O. Box 50, 6920 AB Duiven, the Netherlands. 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between duties to the Issuer of the persons 
on the Management Board and Supervisory Board, as listed above, and their private interests and/or 
other duties.  
Principal Subsidiaries of Alliander 
• 
Liander N.V. 
• 
Qirion B.V. 
• 
Alliander A.G. 
• 
Firan B.V. 
Major Shareholders 
The four largest shareholders in the Issuer are: Province of Gelderland (44.68%), Province of 
Friesland (12.65%), Province of Noord-Holland (9.16%) and the municipality of Amsterdam (9.16%). 
The remainder is owned by 70 smaller municipal shareholders. 
Auditor's report 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. issued unqualified independent auditor's reports on the financial 
statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 of the Issuer on 
28 February 2024 and 6 March 2023, respectively. 
The auditor’s report on the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
includes a paragraph emphasising the impact of the energy transition. The paragraph states:  
“Paragraph emphasising the impact of the energy transition 
As a network company, Alliander faces major required investments and associated financing 
needs. Reference is made to pages 38-40 and 112 of the Management Report, in which the 
Management Board described the impact of the energy transition. This energy transition will require 
substantial investments in the coming years in connection with expansions and reinforcements of the 
electricity network and the related financing requirements. Alliander is investigating the various options 
for securing its long-term financing. Our opinion has not changed as a result of this matter.”

--- Page 85 ---
85 
TAXATION  
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, 
holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Dutch tax considerations in relation thereto. This summary is intended as general 
information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect 
to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes.  
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and 
published policy, in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into 
account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments 
or amendments have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences 
for: 
(i) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(ii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; 
(iii) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related 
person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in 
the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or 
her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds, or is deemed to hold, (i) an 
interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5% or more of the issued 
capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such 
interest or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in the Issuer;  
(iv) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the 
separated private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001);  
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which 
is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, 
Sint Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or 
permanent representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to ‘the Netherlands’ or ‘Dutch’, such reference is restricted to the 
part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that 
part of the Kingdom. 
 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as 
described below - be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof 
or therein. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction 
that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden 
voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which 
the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the 
main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the 
interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the 
recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid 
mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a higher-tier beneficial

--- Page 86 ---
86 
owner (achterliggende gerechtigde) that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse 
hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that higher-tier beneficial owner (achterliggende 
gerechtigde) would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the 
interest been due to him directly, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
(a) 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder, being a corporate entity, is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident 
of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only 
subject to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, 
income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the 
Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%).  
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands 
for Dutch tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 
49.50%) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which include activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes, must 
in principle determine taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on 
savings and investments (sparen en beleggen). This deemed return on savings and investments is 
determined based on the individual’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the 
calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual’s yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold 
(heffingvrij vermogen) (EUR 57,000 in 2024). The individual’s yield basis is determined as the fair 
market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain 
qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying the 
individual’s yield basis with a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief rendementspercentage), which 
percentage depends on the actual composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return 
percentages for savings (banktegoeden), other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). 
As of 1 January 2024, the percentage for other investments, which include the Notes, is set at 6.04 per 
cent.  
However, on 6 June 2024 the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) ruled in a number of cases 
(i.e. ECLI:NL:HR:2024:704, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:705, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:756, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:771 and 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:813) that the current system of taxation in relation to an individual’s savings and 
investments based on a ‘deemed return’ contravenes with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the 
European Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on 
Human Rights if the deemed return applicable to the savings and investments exceeds the actual return 
in the respective calendar year. In these rulings, the Dutch Supreme Court has also provided guidance 
for calculating the actual return: (i) all assets that are taxed under the regime for savings and 
investments are taken into account, and the statutory threshold will not be deducted from the individual’s 
yield basis; (ii) the actual return should be based on a nominal return without considering inflation; (iii) 
the actual return includes not only benefits derived from assets, such as interest, dividends and rental 
income, but also positive and negative changes in the value of these assets, including unrealized value 
changes; (iv) costs are not taken into account for determining the actual return, but interest on debts 
that are included in the individual’s yield basis should be taken into account; and (v) positive or negative 
returns from previous years are not taken into account.  
If the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the 
guidelines of the Dutch Supreme Court – is lower than the deemed return, only the actual return should 
be taxed under the regime for savings and investments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
legislative changes have been proposed by the Dutch legislator in response to the 6 June 2024 rulings.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
The deemed or actual return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 36 per cent.  
 
(b) 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is not a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands 
for Dutch tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of income derived from 
the Notes and gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are 
attributable, or (2) is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an 
enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in 
the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%. 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent 
representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the 
Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands, which include activities with respect to the Notes that 
exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer), or (3) is 
(other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise which is 
effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) listed under (ii) above is subject 
to individual income tax at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from a share in the profits 
of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed on the 
basis of a deemed return on income from savings and investments (as described above under 
"Residents of the Netherlands"). The fair market value of the share in the profits of the enterprise (which 
includes the Notes) will be part of the individual's Dutch yield basis. 
 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by 
way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue 
of the Notes or in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes. 
 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
The proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, 
apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
 
FATCA DISCLOSURE  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to 
their investment in Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 27 September 2024 
(the "Dealer Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
“Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” above. In the Dealer Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury regulations thereunder promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA 
is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes of any 
Series (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restriction on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (as completed by the Final Terms) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a

--- Page 90 ---
90 
"Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(c) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or 
equivalent); or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no 
such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that, it will not offer or sell Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Control Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred 
and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either 
the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing 
regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and 
acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a 
business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes 
within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution 
or immediately thereafter. As used herein “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due 
during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning 
of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.  
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Management 
Board of the Issuer dated 29 August 2024. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application may be made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading and to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, exchange 
and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation by such listing 
authority, exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
From the period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available from for inspection from the Issuer's website as 
referenced below: 
(i) 
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander-NV-Articles-of-
association.pdf; 
(ii) 
the annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 2022 and 2023 (containing the 
audited financial statements of the Issuer, which include the consolidated financial 
statements), in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection 
therewith  
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_Annual_Report_2022.pd
f 
and 
https://www.alliander.com/content/uploads/dotcom/Alliander_Annual_Report_2023.pd
f;  
(iii) 
all supplements to this Base Prospectus circulated by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with the undertaking given by the Issuer in the Dealer Agreement (as 
defined 
in 
“Subscription 
and 
Sale” 
herein) 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/financial-programmes/; 
(iv) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/financial-programmes/; 
(v) 
any future information memoranda, prospectuses and supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and any other information incorporated herein or therein by reference 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/financial-programmes/; and 
(vi) 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/green-bonds/ 
or 
https://www.alliander.com/en/investors/financing/senior-bonds/. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant security code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Significant Change or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2023, nor has there been any significant change in the financial performance and financial position of 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which has occurred since 30 June 2024. 
Litigation 
 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the previous twelve months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.  
Auditors 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. has audited the consolidated and company financial statements of 
the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 in accordance with 
Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. The relevant auditor of Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
who have signed the audit reports incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are members 
of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). Deloitte Accountants B.V. has no material interest in the Issuer.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. has been appointed to audit the accounts of the 
Issuer commencing for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 in accordance with Dutch law, 
including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. The relevant auditor of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. who will sign the auditor’s report is a member of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Post-issuance information 
Other than in relation to Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. For more information in respect of Green Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, please refer to the Green Finance Framework and any Second Party Opinion available 
on the following webpage: https://www.alliander.com/en/green-finance-framework/. The contents of this 
webpage, any Second Party Opinion and the Green Finance Framework do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. 
 
 
ESG ratings

--- Page 95 ---
95 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine 
ESG ratings may differ. The Group’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of 
the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in 
making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG 
ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and 
award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine 
ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
MSCI ESG rating information 
MSCI ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus and on MSCI’s website (the 
Information) has been sourced by MSCI ESG Research LLC, a registered investment adviser under 
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or its affiliates or information providers (together, the ESG 
Parties). Any use of or reference to the Information is subject to the following terms in all cases. The 
Information (a) is solely intended to reflect an analysis of ESG characteristics of a company and is not 
designed for a particular investment use; (b) is not intended to reflect or analyse any credit 
commitments, or debt or debt-like securities, or credit worthiness nor to address any credit or other risk, 
including but not limited to liquidity risk, market value risk or price validity; (c) is not intended to reflect 
or constitute investment or financial advice, an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any 
financial instrument, or a recommendation or promotion, including regarding credit decisions or 
decisions to purchase, hold or sell any securities or strategies; (d) is not intended to endorse the 
accuracy of any data or conclusions, or to assess or vouch for the financial condition of any entity; (e) 
should not be relied upon as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast 
or prediction; (f) does not take into account any personal or institutional objectives, financial situations, 
circumstances, or needs; and (g) may not be used to create any derivative works. The Information has 
not been submitted for review to, nor received approval from, the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other regulatory body. The Information may not be reproduced or redisseminated 
in whole or in part without the express prior written permission of MSCI ESG Research LLC. The 
Information is provided “as is” and the user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may 
make or permit to be made of the Information. Although ESG Parties obtain information from sources 
they believe to be reliable, none of the ESG Parties warrants or guarantees the accuracy and/or 
completeness, of such information or any Information based thereon. This Information reflects 
Alliander’s opinion and judgment as of the date of its publication and is subject to change without notice. 
None of the ESG Parties shall have any liability for any errors or omissions in connection with any data 
or Information in this Base Prospectus, or any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, 
consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) arising from the use of such data or 
Information even if notified of the possibility of such damages. The ESG Parties expressly disclaim all 
express or implied warranties, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER  
Alliander N.V. 
Utrechtseweg 68 
6812 AH Arnhem 
P.O. Box 50 
6920 AB Duiven 
The Netherlands 
 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 97 ---
97 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
OTHER PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers  
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Issuer 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970 
1081 LA Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
For the financial year ending 31 December 2024 
onwards 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
ING Bank N.V. 
Bijlmerplein 888 
1102 MG Amsterdam 
The Netherlands