--- Page 1 ---
1
Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2024  
This document constitutes three base prospectuses for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (i) the base prospectus of Allianz SE, Munich, Germany, in respect of non-equity 
securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (“Non-Equity Securities”), (ii) the base prospectus of Allianz Finance II B.V., 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, in respect of Non-Equity Securities and (iii) the base prospectus of Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, in respect of Non-Equity Securities. 
ALLIANZ SE 
(incorporated in Munich, Germany, as a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE)) 
as Issuer 
and, in respect of Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. or Allianz Finance III B.V., as Guarantor 
ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. 
(incorporated in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with limited liability) 
as Issuer 
ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. 
(incorporated in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with limited liability) 
as Issuer 
 
Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the “Base Prospectus” or “Prospectus”), Allianz SE, 
Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. (each an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together 
the “Notes”). The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Allianz SE (the “Guarantor”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Debt 
Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) is not subject to any maximum aggregate principal amount.  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the Notes 
and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below, see “General description 
of the Programme”) will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each “Final Terms”) within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial soundness 
of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuers or the Guarantor (if any) in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) dated 16 July 2019 (the “Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law”). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Each Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in host member states within the European Economic Area with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market “Bourse 
de Luxembourg”. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published by the Issuer in electronic form together with all documents 
incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (“www.luxse.com”). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of

--- Page 2 ---
2 
twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 23 May 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that 
they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in the Notes 
involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 10 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank

--- Page 3 ---
3
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Allianz SE (“Allianz” and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “Allianz Group” or, in connection with Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. 
and Allianz Finance III B.V., the “Guarantor”) with its registered office in Munich, Germany, Allianz Finance II B.V. with its registered office in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and Allianz Finance III B.V. with its registered office in Amsterdam, The Netherlands (each an “Issuer” and together 
the “Issuers”) accept responsibility for the information contained in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the 
information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
Each Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible is in 
accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). Full information on the Issuers and any Tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms.  
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by the Issuers, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”).  
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuers, is responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by 
reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility 
for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuers, the Arranger and the relevant Dealer(s) to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in bearer form and are 
subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term “U.S. person” has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”) and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any 
U.S. person. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and 
Sale – Selling Restrictions”. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) is English. The 
binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final Terms. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or 
approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
Some figures (including percentages) in the Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial rounding. In some instances, such 
rounded figures and percentages may not add up to 100% or to the totals or subtotals contained in the Base Prospectus. Furthermore, totals and 
subtotals in tables may differ slightly from unrounded figures contained in the Base Prospectus due to rounding in accordance with commercial 
rounding. A dash (“—”) is used when no data was reported for a specific line item in the relevant financial year or period and when the pertinent 
figure amounts to nil.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Where 
such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (THE 
“SFA”) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 5 ---
5
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in 
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and that are also permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if an offering 
memorandum (as defined in applicable securities legislation) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages 
are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. In relation to offers of Notes in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia or Ontario only, the Dealers and any further Dealers 
appointed under the Programme, are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Con-
flicts regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with an offering of Notes. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR’S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to EURIBOR (Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
STABILIZATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilization manager(s) in 
the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilization manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant stabilization manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilization manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements using the words “believes”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “expects” 
or other similar terms. This applies in particular to statements under the caption “Description of Allianz SE and Allianz Group” and statements 
elsewhere in this Prospectus relating to, among other things, the future financial performance, plans and expectations regarding developments 
in the business of Allianz SE. These forward-looking statements, including prospects or expectations, that are based on Allianz SE’s current views 
and assumptions are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause the actual 
results, including the financial position and profitability of Allianz SE, to be materially different from or worse than those expressed or implied by 
these forward-looking statements. Deviations may arise due to changes in factors including, but not limited to, the following: (i) the general 
economic and competitive situation in the Allianz’s core business and core markets, (ii) the performance of financial markets (in particular market 
volatility, liquidity, and credit events), (iii) adverse publicity, regulatory actions or litigation with respect to the Allianz Group, other well-known 
companies and the financial services industry generally, (iv) the frequency and severity of insured loss events, including those resulting from 
natural catastrophes, and the development of loss expenses, (v) mortality and morbidity levels and trends, (vi) persistency levels, (vii) the extent 
of credit defaults, (viii) interest rate levels, (ix) currency exchange rates, most notably the EUR/USD exchange rate, (x) changes in laws and 
regulations, including tax regulations, (xi) the impact of acquisitions including and related integration issues and reorganization measures, and 
(xii) the general competitive conditions that, in each individual case, apply at a local, regional, national, and/or global level. Many of these 
changes can be exacerbated by acts of war or terrorism. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this 
Prospectus: “Risk Factors” and “Description of Allianz SE and Allianz Group”. These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that 
might have an impact on Allianz Group’s business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor 
the Managers assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements and to adapt them to future events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are not recognized financial 
measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”) (“Alternative Performance Measures”) 
and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with

--- Page 6 ---
6 
generally accepted accounting principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors’ understanding of the 
Issuers’ financial information by providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the Issuers’ 
financial leverage and operating performance. The definition of the Alternative Performance Measures may vary from the definition of identically 
named alternative performance measures used by other companies. Special items which the Issuer does not believe to be indicative of on-going 
business performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors can better evaluate and analyze historical and future business 
trends on a consistent basis. Definitions of these Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other 
companies and are not a substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. For more information, see the section “Description of Allianz SE and 
Allianz Group – Alternative Performance Measures” below.

--- Page 7 ---
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................................................................................ 8 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 10 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 26 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................................... 28 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 107 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ SE AND ALLIANZ GROUP ......................................................................................................................................................... 127 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. ............................................................................................................................................................................. 169 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. ............................................................................................................................................................................ 172 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. ................................................................................................... 175 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. .................................................................................................. 179 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 183 
TAXATION WARNING ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 184 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 185 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 190 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................................................................................... 192 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 197

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL 
Under the Programme, Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V., subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) to one or more Dealers. Each of the Issuers and Guarantor (as applicable) may from 
time to time appoint any institution as a Dealer in relation to a single Tranche. References in this Base Prospectus to “Dealer(s)” means, in relation 
to any Tranche, each person who is appointed as a Dealer under the Programme Agreement. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the “Arranger”). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and paying agent (the “Paying Agent”). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as Luxembourg listing agent (the “Luxembourg Listing Agent”). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme is not subject to any maximum aggregate 
principal amount.  
PROSPECTUS 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or (2) pursuant to a 
Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted to trading on a regulated market of, 
any member state of the European Economic Area, in such form as agreed between the relevant Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for 
the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
“Specific Prospectus” means any prospectus prepared by an Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme and having terms not 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain parts of the Base Prospectus and 
which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, including any documents which are from time to time 
incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as such Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
ISSUES OF NOTES 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), non-interest bearing notes (the “non-
interest bearing Notes”) or euro-denominated floating rate notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”). 
The Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. will have the benefit of a guarantee, dated 23 May 2024, given by the 
Guarantor (the “Guarantee”). The Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor ranking pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. The Guarantee will be governed by German law. 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest (if any) and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the “Issue Price”) equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium to their principal 
amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield 
which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders 
will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an 
amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives applicable to the relevant Issuer or 
the relevant currency. However, Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months or more. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and maturities of the Notes 
which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME

--- Page 9 ---
9
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates and non-interest bearing Notes will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Market 
Association (“ICMA”) method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest (if any) on a daily basis. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented, on issue, either  
(i) 
initially by a temporary global note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global Note on or after 
the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date (the “Exchange Date”), upon certifi-
cation as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, or  
(ii) 
by a permanent global note.  
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
DISTRIBUTION OF NOTES 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method 
of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The Issuers may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in host member states within the European Economic Area with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Notes may be offered to 
the public in Luxembourg and, following notification, in any such other additional host member state. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United States, the European 
Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See section “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” and/or “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and deter-
mining appropriate distribution channels.  
LISTING OF NOTES 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
“Bourse de Luxembourg”, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes 
may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regu-
lation, or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Allianz SE and the Allianz Group are exposed to a variety of risks, including market, credit, underwriting, business, operational, strategic, liquidity, 
and reputational risks. The following is a description of the material risk factors in relation to Allianz SE as Issuer and the Allianz Group in relation 
to the Notes. The realization of any of the risks described below may affect the ability of Allianz SE to fulfill its obligations and/or may adversely 
affect the market price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders” and each a “Noteholder”). As a result, 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk of losing their investment in whole or in part. Additional risks not included in the risk factors below, e.g., 
because they are now deemed immaterial by or not currently known to Allianz SE or Allianz Group, may result in material risks in the future. This 
is in particular true with a view to rapid and unforeseen changes as may occur, for example, with geopolitical crises. Noteholders should be aware 
that Allianz SE as the ultimate parent of the Allianz Group may face the same risks as the Allianz Group. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most material risk factors, based 
on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Risk factors relating to Allianz SE / Allianz Group 
I. MARKET RISKS 
The market risks of the Allianz Group include equity risk, credit spread risk, interest rate risk, real estate and other alternative investment risk, 
currency risk and inflation risk. In our assessment, equity and credit spread risk are the most material risks for the Allianz Group in the category of 
market risks. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO EQUITY RISK. 
The Allianz Group holds a significant equity portfolio. This portfolio is subject to volatility in equity markets affecting the market value and liquidity 
of these holdings. Investments are reviewed regularly for impairment, with write-downs to fair value charged to income if there is objective evi-
dence that the cost may not be recovered. The Allianz Group holds interests in a number of financial institutions as part of its portfolios, which are 
particularly exposed to uncertain market conditions affecting the financial services sector generally. 
In addition, the financial services industry is currently experiencing extraordinary pressure globally, involving occurrences of defaults, bankrupt-
cies, ongoing developments within the global banking sector, restructurings, consolidations and liquidity constraints. This has been contributing 
to significant downward pressure on, and volatility in, share prices of many financial services institutions during the last few years. In prior years, 
the Allianz Group has incurred significant impairments on the value of the securities and other financial assets that it holds and there is the risk 
that the Allianz Group will also recognize significant impairments in the future, in particular in light of recent adverse developments in the financial 
services industry, which may have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s earnings and on the Allianz Group’s business and financial condition. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO CREDIT SPREAD RISK. 
The Allianz Group holds a significant portfolio of fixed-income assets such as bonds. The value of this portfolio changes in case of moving credit 
spreads. It may lose value if credit spreads widen. This may happen in case the perception of risk in the market changes, i.e., investors demand 
higher compensation for taking on risks, which can happen for several reasons, for example, following a political crisis, an economic recession or 
changed monetary policy. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO INTEREST RATE RISK. 
Changes in prevailing interest rates (including changes in the difference between the levels of prevailing short- and long-term rates) may ad-
versely affect the Allianz Group’s insurance, asset management, corporate and other results. 
An increase in interest rates, as experienced since 2022, could substantially decrease the value of the Allianz Group’s fixed-income portfolio, and 
any unexpected change in interest rates could materially adversely affect the Allianz Group’s bond and interest rate derivative positions. 
Assets and liabilities from an Allianz Group perspective are not necessarily matched in terms of interest rate sensitivities and therefore any signif-
icant change in interest rates could materially adversely affect the Allianz Group’s bond and interest rate derivative positions and the fair value 
of liabilities. A change in prevailing interest rates and higher interest rate volatility may accordingly have a negative impact on the capitalization 
of the Allianz Group. Consequently, changes in the level and volatility of interest rates may adversely affect our Solvency II capitalization and 
solvency capital ratio. 
Results of the Allianz Group’s asset management business may also be affected by movements in interest rates, as management fees are gener-
ally based on the value of assets under management, which fluctuate with changes in the level of interest rates. 
RISK FACTORS

--- Page 11 ---
11
Changes in interest rates will impact the Allianz Group’s Life/Health business to the extent they result in changes to current interest income, impact 
the value of the Allianz Group’s fixed-income portfolio and the fair value of the liabilities and affect the levels of new product sales or surrenders 
of business in force. Reductions in the effective investment income below the rates prevailing at the issue date of the policy, or below the long-
term guarantees in countries such as Germany and Switzerland, would reduce the profit margins or lead to losses on the Life/Health insurance 
business written by the Allianz Group’s Life/Health subsidiaries to the extent the maturity composition of the assets does not match the maturity 
composition of the insurance obligations they are backing. In particular, persistent low interest rates such as those that prevailed during the last 
decade until they began to rise in 2022, will decrease the effective investment income over time due to reducing reinvestment yields. Similarly, 
reductions in the effective investment income of the fixed income trust assets backing the Allianz Group’s pension reserves may lead to deficits of 
the internal pension plans, and these deficits would have to be covered by the Allianz Group. Interest rate volatility risk could substantially impact 
the economic capitalization in a low interest rate environment, as long-term guarantees in Life/Health business increase in value. 
The interest rate risks described above may have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO REAL ESTATE AND OTHER ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT RISK. 
The Allianz Group holds a significant alternative investments portfolio. Alternative investments include real estate, private equity, renewable en-
ergy and infrastructure investments. These investments are subject to volatility in real estate, equity and alternative investment markets affecting 
the market value and liquidity of these holdings and are generally covered by either the real estate or the equity risk capital modelling depending 
on their characteristics. Investments are reviewed regularly for impairment, with write-downs to fair value charged to income if there is objective 
evidence that the cost may not be recovered.  
In prior years, the Allianz Group has incurred significant impairments on the value of the assets that it holds. Moreover, the outlook for the com-
mercial real estate market remains uncertain following declines in valuations in 2023 and adverse structural effects could impact the sector 
negatively over the medium-term. Therefore, there is the risk that the Allianz Group will also recognize significant impairments in the future, which 
may have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s earnings, the Allianz Group’s business and its financial condition. In addition, rapidly rising 
interest rates as well as the introduction of new working models following the Covid-19 pandemic have put property markets under pressure, 
leading to negative reevaluation of underlying investments and adverse impact on our capitalization. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO CURRENCY RISK. 
The Allianz Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in euro. However, a significant portion of the revenues and expenses from the 
Allianz Group companies outside the euro zone, originates in currencies other than the euro. As a result, although the Allianz Group’s non-euro 
zone subsidiaries generally record their revenues and expenses in the same currency, changes in the exchange rates used to translate foreign 
currencies into euro may adversely affect the Allianz Group’s results of operations and the net asset value of subsidiaries from an Allianz Group 
perspective. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO INFLATION RISK. 
Allianz Group is exposed to changing inflation rates, predominantly due to the Non-Life insurance obligations but also due to inflation-indexed 
internal pension obligations and obligations under life and health insurance contracts. In addition, high inflation rates in some regions where 
Allianz entities operate may adversely impact the performance of these entities. Inflation causes increases in both claims and expenses, leading 
to greater liabilities and payments to policyholders. In particular, ongoing high inflation has the potential to increase Non-Life insurance liabilities 
further in particular for long-tail business where persisting inflation may adversely impact costs beyond current expectations. Despite expected 
decline in inflation over the current year, services inflation and wage growth will continue to contribute to higher expected claims payments 
especially in the Property and Casualty segment. Moreover, a growth in property exposures and higher inflation in construction prices (e.g., in-
creasing inflation-driven costs in the home repair insurance) can increase the loss potential from natural catastrophes and other accumulation 
scenarios. 
II. CREDIT RISKS 
The Allianz Group companies are subject to a potential economic loss in the value of their portfolio that would result from either changes in the 
credit quality of counterparties (“migration risk”) or the inability or unwillingness of a counterparty to fulfill contractual obligations (“default risk”). 
Allianz Group’s credit risk profile is derived from three sources:  
− 
Investment portfolio: Credit risk results from Allianz Group’s investments in fixed-income bonds, loans, derivatives, cash positions, and receiv-
ables whose value may decrease depending on the credit quality of the obligor. As a result, defaults by one or more of these parties on their 
obligations to the Allianz Group companies due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational 
failure or other reasons, or even rumors about potential defaults by one or more of these parties or regarding the financial services industry 
generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Allianz Group companies or by other institutions. In addition, with respect to secured trans-
actions, the Allianz Group companies’ credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by them cannot be realized or is liquidated at 
prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. The Allianz Group companies also have exposure to a

--- Page 12 ---
12 
number of financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions and equity investments. Losses on or im-
pairments to the carrying value of these assets may materially and adversely affect the Allianz Group’s business or results of operations. In 
our assessment, the credit risk related to the investment portfolio of the Allianz Group is the most material risk in the category of credit risk.  
− 
Credit insurance: Credit risk arises from potential claim payments on limits granted by Allianz Trade to its policyholders. Allianz Trade insures 
its policyholders from credit risk associated with short-term trade credits advanced to clients of the policyholder. If the client of the policy-
holder is unable to meet its payment obligations, Allianz Trade indemnifies the loss to the policyholder.  
− 
Reinsurance: The Allianz Group transfers exposure to certain risks in the Property-Casualty and Life/Health insurance businesses to others 
through reinsurance arrangements. Under these arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of the Allianz Group’s losses and expenses 
associated with reported and unreported losses in exchange for a portion of policy premiums. Credit risk arises from potential losses from 
non-recoverability of reinsurance receivables or due to default on benefits under in-force reinsurance treaties.  
If any of the above-mentioned risks materialize, this may materially and adversely affect the Allianz Group’s business or results of operations. In 
prior years the Allianz Group has incurred significant impairments on the value of the securities and other financial assets that it holds, and there 
is the risk that the Allianz Group will recognize significant impairments in the future again, which may have an adverse effect on the Allianz 
Group’s earnings and on the Allianz Group’s business and its financial condition. 
III. UNDERWRITING RISK OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP  
Underwriting risk consists of premium and reserve risks in the Property-Casualty business segment as well as biometric risks in the Life/Health 
business segment. In our assessment, the underwriting risk related to the Property-Casualty business is the most material in this category. 
UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED TO PROPERTY-CASUALTY BUSINESS 
Our Property-Casualty insurance businesses are exposed to premium risk-related adverse developments in the current year’s new and renewed 
business as well as to reserve risks related to the business in force. Premium risk represents the risk that actual claims for the business in the current 
year develop adversely relative to the expected ratio of claims costs relative to premiums earned. Reserve risk represents the risk of adverse 
developments in best-estimate reserves over a one-year time horizon, resulting from fluctuations in the timing and/or amount of claims settle-
ment. 
Loss reserves for the Allianz Group’s Property-Casualty insurance and reinsurance policies are based on estimates as to claims liabilities. Adverse 
developments relating to claims – for example, due to uncertainties arising from higher than assumed inflation, permanently evolving underwrit-
ing cyber risks or from the ongoing potential for additional costs from claims related to Covid-19, could lead to further reserve additions and 
materially adversely impact the Allianz Group’s results of operations. In accordance with industry practice, accounting and regulatory require-
ments, the Allianz Group establishes reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses related to its Property-Casualty insurance and reinsurance 
businesses, including Property-Casualty business in run-off. Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that will be made in respect of 
claims, including expenses relating to such claims, and are subject to change due to a number of variables that affect the ultimate cost of claims, 
such as exchange rates, changes in the legal environment and results of litigation as well as effects closely related to (super-imposed, i.e., price 
increases beyond the wage and earning index) inflation, in particular if the accelerated inflation experienced worldwide in 2022 remains at 
elevated levels for a long period, that may adversely affect costs of repairs and medical costs. The Allianz Group’s reserves for asbestos and 
environmental and other latent claims are particularly subject to such variables. Established loss reserves estimates are periodically adjusted in 
the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to management, and any adjustments resulting from changes in 
reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. 
To the extent that the Allianz Group’s actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying assumptions used in setting the prices for 
products and establishing reserves, the Allianz Group may be required to increase its reserves, which may materially adversely affect its results of 
operations. On a quarterly basis, Allianz Group monitors reserve levels, movements and trends. This monitoring is conducted on the basis of 
quarterly data submitted by the subsidiaries as well as through frequent dialogue with local actuaries. However, ultimate losses may materially 
exceed the established reserves and have a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s results of operations. 
Allianz Group is exposed to various sources of premium risk such as natural catastrophes, terror events and non-catastrophic events including 
man-made losses. Allianz Group’s Property-Casualty insurance covers to a large extent losses from major unpredictable events like natural ca-
tastrophes (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, floods) and man-made events (e.g., fires, industrial explosions, cyberattacks) but also acts of terror. The 
likelihood of such events can change due to natural climate cycles as well as due to climate change impacts, changes in the portfolios, but also 
through a changing market, evolving nature of underlying risks or geopolitical environment. Consequently, geopolitical tensions may increase 
the risk of terror losses significantly in some regions. Also, increasing urbanization and increasing concentration of industrial facilities in natural 
catastrophe prone regions has increased losses over the past years, a trend that is expected to continue and even to accelerate in the long-term 
driven by developing climate changes. In addition, increasing digitalization introduces new risks in regard to cybercrime, e.g. manipulation of 
software or loss of sensitive data. However, the incidence and severity of all these catastrophes in any given period are inherently unpredictable. 
All risk models are subject to uncertainty arising from both scientific and management assumptions as well as underlying data. 
The Allianz Group monitors its overall exposure to catastrophes and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and each of the Allianz 
Group’s subsidiaries within the Allianz Group’s limit framework. In addition, local entities have implemented their own underwriting limits related

--- Page 13 ---
13
to insurance coverage for losses from catastrophic events. However, a series of unlikely catastrophes in a year may result in unusually high levels 
of losses with a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s financial position or results of operations. 
Furthermore, the occurrence of extreme large-scale natural catastrophes, pandemics and man-made disasters (e.g., terror or cyber events) can 
have a negative impact on local or even global economy in general, and capital markets in particular, and thus also on the Allianz Group’s 
financial position and results of operations. 
UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED TO LIFE-HEALTH BUSINESS 
Underwriting risks in our Life/Health operations (biometric risks) include mortality, disability, morbidity, and longevity risks. Mortality, disability, 
and morbidity risks are associated with the unexpected increase in the occurrence of death, disability, or medical claims. Longevity risk is the risk 
that the reserves covering life annuities and group pension products might not be sufficient due to longer life expectancies of the insured. 
Life/Health underwriting risk arises from profitability being lower than expected. As profitability calculations are based on several parameters – 
such as historical loss information and assumptions on inflation, mortality, or morbidity – realized parameters may differ from the ones used for 
underwriting. For example, higher-than-expected inflation may lead to higher medical claims in the future. 
The assumptions the Allianz Group makes in assessing its Life/Health insurance reserves may differ from what the Allianz Group may experience 
in the future. The Allianz Group derives its Life/Health insurance reserves using “best estimate” actuarial practices and assumptions. These as-
sumptions include the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the allocation of investments between 
equity, fixed-income and other categories, policyholder bonus rates (some of which are guaranteed), mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder 
lapses and future expense levels. The Allianz Group monitors its actual experience of these assumptions, and to the extent that it considers that 
this experience will continue in the longer term it refines its long-term assumptions. Similarly, estimates of the Allianz Group’s own pension obli-
gations necessarily depend on assumptions concerning future actuarial, demographic, macroeconomic and financial markets developments. 
Changes in any such assumptions may lead to changes in the estimates of Life/Health insurance reserves or pension obligations. 
The Allianz Group companies have a significant portfolio of contracts with guaranteed investment returns, including endowment and annuity 
products for the German market as well as certain guaranteed contracts in other markets. The amounts payable by the Allianz Group companies 
at maturity of an endowment policy in Germany and in certain other markets include a “guaranteed benefit”, an amount that, in practice, is equal 
to a legally mandated minimum rate of return on actuarial reserves. If interest rates revert to a negative trend or remain at historically low levels 
for a long period, the Allianz Group could be required to provide additional funds to the Allianz Group’s Life/Health subsidiaries to support their 
obligations in respect of products with higher guaranteed returns or their pension obligations, or increase reserves in respect of such products, 
which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s results of operations. 
In the United States, in particular in the variable and fixed-indexed annuity products, and to a lesser extent in Europe and Asia, the Allianz Group 
has a portfolio of contracts where policyholder crediting is contractually tied to equity market performance. The Allianz Group’s hedging arrange-
ments (if any) may not cover the returns due to policyholders or may increase corresponding costs during prolonged volatile markets, which could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s results of operations. 
IV. BUSINESS RISKS 
ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO BUSINESS RISKS WHICH INCLUDE COST RISKS AND POLICYHOLDER 
BEHAVIOR RISKS. 
Business risks include cost risks and policyholder behavior risks and are mostly driven by the Life/Health business and to a lesser extent by the 
Property-Casualty business. In our assessment, cost and policyholder behavior risks are the most material risk factors in the category of business 
risks. Cost risks are associated with the risk that expenses incurred in administering policies are higher than expected or that new business volume 
decreases to a level that does not allow Allianz Group to absorb its fixed costs. Policyholder behavior risks are risks related to the unpredictable, 
adverse behavior of policyholders in exercising their contractual options, typically associated with major market and economic changes, includ-
ing for example the early termination of contracts, surrenders, partial withdrawals, renewals, and annuity take-up options. For example in an 
event of mass savings policy lapses, e.g., if customers decide to switch to higher-yielding bank products, Allianz Group could be forced to sell 
bonds at a loss, since high interest rates may cause significant unrealized losses in held fixed income portfolios. In addition, policyholders’ lapses 
can lead to liquidity challenges, resulting in costs from selling assets to generate cash and realizing losses, which can have further impacts on 
profit and loss and decisions on use of capital. 
Allianz Group is exposed to business risks attributable primarily to the Life/Health business segment. Business risk is measured relative to baseline 
plans. Assumptions on policyholder behavior are set in line with accepted actuarial methods and are based on own historical and industry-wide 
data or expert judgement. A risk for Allianz Group may arise when underlying business risk assumptions deviate from their development in reality.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
GERMAN LIFE INSURANCE UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP MAY HAVE INCREASED OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE GERMAN POLICY HOLDER PROTECTION SCHEME FOR LIFE INSURERS (PROTEKTOR). 
German life insurance undertakings of the Allianz Group are members of the German policy holder protection scheme for life insurers 
(“Protektor”). In case of an adverse development of the situation of German life insurance companies outside Allianz Group, German life insur-
ance undertakings of the Allianz Group may be required, in line with German regulation and the contract between these undertakings and 
Protektor, to make substantial contributions to Protektor that are considerably higher than at the current moment. 
IF THE ALLIANZ GROUP’S ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS UNDERPERFORMS, IT MAY EXPERIENCE A DECLINE 
IN ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT, RELATED FEE INCOME AND A REDUCTION OF PERFORMANCE FEES. 
While the assets under management in the Allianz Group’s Asset Management segment include a significant amount of funds related to the 
Allianz Group’s insurance operations, third-party assets under management (“AUM”) represent the majority. 
Results of the Allianz Group’s asset management activities are driven by variations in management and performance fees. Background for such 
variations may be AUM-movements which are induced by valuation changes resulting from market movements. In addition, AUM may fluctuate 
due to net flows which can be attributed to the relative performance of Allianz Group’s investment activities compared to competitors and bench-
marks. Moreover, the result of Allianz Group’s asset management business can potentially be impacted by adverse credit or operational loss 
events including reputational damage, if any. 
V. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP’S BUSINESS MAY BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED BY ADVERSE PUBLICITY, REGULATORY 
ACTIONS OR LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THE ALLIANZ GROUP, OTHER WELL-KNOWN COMPANIES AND 
THE FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY GENERALLY. 
Adverse publicity and damage to the Allianz Group’s reputation might arise from financial reporting irregularities or compliance irregularities, 
data protection irregularities, involving Allianz Group or other large and well-known companies, inconsistent application of regulatory require-
ments with respect to information technology and information security, increasing regulatory and law enforcement scrutiny of “know your cus-
tomer”, sanctions, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorist-financing procedures and their effectiveness, and regulatory investi-
gations of the asset management, banking and insurance industries or other regulatory actions. Any of the above could also lead to increased 
regulatory supervision, an additional risk capital requirement imposed by the regulator, affect the Allianz Group’s ability to attract and retain 
customers, impair the ability to make distributions on own-fund items and access to the capital markets or have other adverse effects on the 
Allianz Group in ways that are not predictable. 
The Allianz Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings in Germany and a number of foreign jurisdictions, 
including the United States. Such proceedings arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, among others, our activities as an insurance, 
banking and asset management company, employer, investor and taxpayer. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome 
of such proceedings, they may result in substantial damages or other payments or penalties or result in adverse publicity and damage to the 
Allianz Group’s reputation. As a result, such proceedings could have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. For more information on certain legal proceedings involving the Allianz Group, see “Description of Allianz SE and Allianz 
Group—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
CHANGES IN EXISTING, OR NEW, LAWS AND REGULATIONS, OR ENFORCEMENT INITIATIVES IN RESPECT 
THEREOF, IN THE COUNTRIES IN WHICH THE ALLIANZ GROUP COMPANIES OPERATE MAY MATERIALLY 
IMPACT THE ALLIANZ GROUP AND COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ALLIANZ GROUP’S BUSINESS. 
The Allianz Group’s insurance, asset management and banking businesses as well as the financial steering activities of Allianz SE are subject to 
detailed, comprehensive laws and regulations as well as supervision in all the countries in which the Allianz Group companies do business. 
Regulatory authorities have broad administrative power over many aspects of the insurance and financial services business, affecting inter alia 
requirements relating to liquidity, capital adequacy, permitted investments, corporate governance, business conduct, anti-money laundering and 
“know your customer” processes, privacy and data protection, information technology and information security, digital operational resilience, 
record keeping, marketing and distribution practices as well as determining which transactions with countries and individuals are subject to sanc-
tions or otherwise blacklisted. In addition, regulators from multiple jurisdictions are increasing their focus on product transparency, suitability, 
value for money and the prevention of improper sales advice, going beyond compliance to prevailing laws and regulations and setting new 
standards by precedent. Currently, a particular focus of regulators and legislators as regards the financial industry is ESG regulation. In particular, 
management of Information Technology and Information Security risks is gaining an increasing importance in the financial industry; appropriate 
implementation of the supervisory requirements on IT use in the insurance (VAIT in Germany) as well as the EU Comission’s Digital Operational 
Resilience Act may subsequently increase the risk of potential non-compliance with such laws and standards in the future. Therefore it is likely 
that reputational and financial risks stemming from regulatory disciplinary actions may increase. Failure to comply with any laws and regulations 
could lead to disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or revocation of a license, permission or authorization necessary for the conduct of

--- Page 15 ---
15
our business or civil or criminal liability, all or any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, revenues, results and financial 
condition. 
In addition, insurance, banking and other financial services laws, regulations and policies currently governing Allianz SE and its subsidiaries may 
change at any time in ways which have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s business.  
Changes in existing laws and regulations, or in their interpretation by the authorities, may affect the tax burden and the capital requirements of 
Allianz SE and Allianz Group and the way in which the Allianz Group companies conduct their business and the products they may offer. Govern-
ments, regulatory authorities and others have made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework for the financial services 
industry to enhance its resilience against future crises and to enhance consumer protection. Proposals include, among others, requests for more 
stringent regulatory capital (e.g., potentially higher capital requirements for specific investments exposed to market risk in context of the “Pru-
dential Treatment of Sustainability Risk” consultation by EIOPA) and liquidity standards, updates in Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting requirements 
including consideration of a full dividend accrual in the quarterly reporting – deviating from current quarterly incremental accrual approach and 
resulting in artificial reduction of intra-year Solvency II capitalization, regulation of specific types of business perceived as inherently risky and 
expansion of the resolution powers of regulators. It is possible that the future regulatory framework for the financial industry may change. This 
could result from the latest review of European Directive 2009/138/EC (“Solvency II”), which was adopted by the European Parliament on 23 
April 2024, including the treatment of specific companies with respect to third country equivalence or the “deduction and aggregation” method-
ology.  
The Solvency II concept of “equivalence” allows third country solvency regimes to be recognized and used for Solvency II purposes. Most relevant 
for Allianz today, it allows capital-efficient integration of Allianz Life US based on US solvency requirements. This current provisional equivalent 
treatment of the US is running until end of 2025. There is some uncertainty the EU commission will not extend equivalence beyond 2025.  
On 23 April 2024, the Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive (the “IRRD”) was adopted by the European Parliament (such adopted version 
hereinafter referred to as the “Draft IRRD”), which may impact Allianz Group’s capitalization and convey certain new powers to regulatory au-
thorities in case of a financial deterioration of Allianz SE or the Allianz Group although the timing and details of the IRRD implementation in 
Germany are currently unknown. In addition, it is unclear how the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance 
Groups (“Comframe”) of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (“IAIS”) will finally be implemented in the European Union. Effects 
of the regulatory changes on the Allianz Group may range from additional administrative cost to implement and comply with new rules to in-
creased cost of capital and a materially adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s business, results of operation and prospects. Finally, the potential 
for a multiplicity of different regulatory regimes, capital standards and reporting requirements will increase operational complexity and costs. 
Regulators are increasingly focused on promoting the protection of customer/client information and the integrity of information technology sys-
tems of regulated firms, utilizing data protection regulations such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the 
“EU GDPR”) and the cyber laws of individual states of the United States that have been adopted based in part on the Insurance Data Security 
Model Law developed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”). These initiatives increase the risk of potential liability 
and could lead to more conservative approaches to the sharing of data, which in turn could impact assessments of risks. Increased regulatory 
activity may also include greater scrutiny of personal data processing within the insurance sector, which may give rise to regulatory intervention 
and reputational harm. Moreover, public and regulatory concerns about discriminating artificial intelligence (AI) and “Black Box AI” triggered 
various regulatory initiatives by supervisory authorities and regulators across the globe, especially the upcoming European Union AI Act. Failure 
to comply with applicable regulations may expose us to significant regulatory fines (for example, the maximum fine for non-compliance with 
certain EU GDPR requirements would be up to € 20 million or 4% of our global turnover (whichever is greater)), damages claims and reputational 
damage.  
The Allianz Group is further subject to antitrust regulation in the European Union and other jurisdictions and is therefore exposed to risks regarding 
related enforcement actions and damage claims. A finding of an infringement of antitrust regulations could adversely affect the Allianz Group in 
a variety of ways, including significant fines (based, among other factors, on the value of the relevant sales); private enforcement claims by third 
parties, such as customers and/or competitors; changes in business practices that may result in reduced revenues and/or margins; and reputa-
tional damage. 
Governments in jurisdictions in which the Allianz Group does business may consider changes to tax laws – for example, the “minimum effective 
tax rate” rules as part of the OECD / G20’s initiative to address tax challenges associated with the digitalization of the economy – which may 
adversely affect the attractiveness of certain of the Allianz Group’s products; if enacted, such changes could result in a significant reduction in the 
sale of such products.  
REGULATORY ACTIONS IN CASE OF A BREACH OF REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS. 
In the event of a failure by Allianz SE or the Allianz Group to meet regulatory capital requirements, regulators have broad authority to take various 
regulatory actions including limiting or prohibiting the writing of new business, prohibiting payment of dividends or coupon payments and sus-
pending repayments of senior and subordinated debt. A breach of regulatory capital requirements or a reduction of solvency ratios by subsidi-
aries may result in Allianz SE injecting capital into its subsidiaries which could in turn adversely affect Allianz SE’s own financial position and risk 
exposure. Regulatory restrictions can reduce Allianz SE’s ability to move capital within Allianz Group which in turn can adversely affect the liquidity

--- Page 16 ---
16 
and financial position of Allianz SE and the Allianz Group. Under the Solvency II regime, the powers of intervention of supervisory authorities with 
respect to reinsurers like Allianz SE are extensive and, in particular, allow for a restriction on all payments (in particular, payments under the Notes 
or the Guarantee, if any) in a potential crisis.  
Such powers are proposed to be extended in the current review of Solvency II and the IRRD, namely by introducing macroprudential intervention 
powers and early intervention powers, which may be available to supervisory or other authorities before or without a breach of regulatory capital 
requirements, and resolution powers of the resolution authority. However, even though on 23 April 2024, the final compromise texts of the re-
viewed Solvency II and the Draft IRRD, which have been published on 24 January 2024 following political agreement in December 2023, were 
adopted by the European Parliament, it is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the amendment of Solvency II and the IRRD or any German 
legislation implementing the respective provisions. 
VI. INTERNAL CONTROL RISK AND OTHER OPERATIONAL RISK 
The Allianz Group has an internal risk and control system for verifying and monitoring its operating activities and business processes, in particular 
financial reporting, as well as compliance with regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that this internal risk and control system fully 
protects the Allianz Group against material misstatements in its public reporting and other disclosure (including, but not limited to, as a result of 
the operational risks described below), that it is adequate to prevent, discover and remediate breaches of laws or that it will be adequate for an 
enterprise of the Allianz Group’s scale and complexity. Any failure to effectively prevent, identify or address violations of our legal obligations as 
a result of inadequate internal controls, procedures, compliance systems and risk management systems could result in penalties and other sanc-
tions, liabilities, the assertion of damages claims by third parties, and reputational damage, each of which could materially and adversely affect 
our financial condition and results of operations. 
The Allianz Group is exposed to operational risks resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, human errors, system failures, and exter-
nal events that can stem from a wide variety of sources such as: 
− 
Potential losses due to a failure to meet a professional obligation or from the design of a product. Examples include mis-selling and other 
illegal or unethical sales practices, non-compliance with internal or external requirements related to products, employee fraud and other 
misconduct, antitrust behavior, data protection, sanctions and embargoes, etc. These losses tend to be of a lower frequency but with a po-
tentially high financial impact. 
− 
Potential losses arising from transaction or process management failures. Examples include interest and penalties from non-payment or 
under-payment of taxes or losses associated with broker and agent distribution processes. These losses tend to be of a relatively higher 
frequency but with little financial impact (although single large loss events can occur). 
− 
Other operational risks, including, for example, internal or external fraud, financial misstatement risk, a breach of cybersecurity incident caus-
ing business disruption or fines, a potential failure at Allianz Group’s outsourcing partners causing a disruption to its working environment. 
For example, the Allianz Group relies on complex IT systems and could suffer financial losses, a disruption of its businesses, liabilities to clients, 
regulatory interventions or reputational damage in case of events such as operational errors, software and hardware errors, power blackouts, 
damage, computer viruses, terrorist or other acts of sabotage as well as other internal or external threats. Operational risks also include legal 
and compliance risks. 
VII. OTHER RISKS 
Other risks include geopolitical risk as well as strategic, liquidity, and reputational risk. In our assessment, geopolitical risk is the most material risk 
in this category. 
GEOPOLITICAL RISK 
Geopolitical risk intensified significantly at the beginning of 2022 with the Russian military invasion in Ukraine. Political tension between China 
and Taiwan, the boarder dispute between Venezuela and Guyana, combined with potential spillover effects on the worldwide economic and 
political situation can further elevate geopolitical risks. In addition, the current conflict in Israel and Gaza, the recent direct drone and missile 
attack by Iran on Israeli territory, as well as the attacks by the Houthi rebels in the Red Sea region have the potential to dramatically unfold into 
a larger-scale war involving other countries and result in, currently, a variety of unpredicted effects such as supply chain/service disruptions, sharp 
increase in insurance premia especially for transport insurance, increase in energy prices, financial market volatility, social tension and even exe-
cution of potential terror acts far beyond the borders of this conflict etc. 
The immediate impact of the Russian aggression on energy and raw material prices was substantial, and further aggravated the fears of a 
sustained rise in inflation that was already prevalent then due to (i) the disruption of global supply chains due to the Covid-19 pandemic, and 
(ii) the increased tendency to limit international trade flows via tariffs that has occurred in several countries in recent years. As a consequence of 
the war in Ukraine, volatility of financial asset prices of equity and debt instruments, as well as of other traded assets, increased substantially. The 
economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus that were imposed by the United States, the European Union, other NATO members or other 
Western states following the invasion may continue to materially disrupt the Russian and Belarusian economies, their public finances and their 
financial systems, with corresponding adverse effects on the global economy and the global financial system.

--- Page 17 ---
17
The risk of further escalation of both the military conflict as well as the political reaction thereto is high. Any further counter-sanctions imposed 
by Russia and Belarus against Western states may trigger a reaction by the affected countries, including an expansion of the scope and extent 
of sanctions already imposed on Russia and Belarus. In addition, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, cyberattacks against Ukraine have al-
ready occurred and reported, and there is an increased likelihood of Russian state-approved or even state-sponsored cyberattacks on critical 
infrastructure in Western countries. Should such attacks occur, a response by Western states potentially leading to outright cyberwar cannot be 
ruled out. Further military escalation is possible, and a direct conflict of Russia with other countries cannot be ruled out. 
As a consequence of the crisis and its potential escalation, a revision of the growth outlook for the international economies is expected, and there 
is a significant risk of (i) persistent lower and / or volatile equity market valuations, (ii) widening bond credit spreads (including for bonds issued 
by corporates, financial institutions and governments), (iii) a rise in credit defaults, and (iv) generally higher price volatility and inflation rates, and 
uncertainty across all asset classes. The ultimate impact of this potentially escalating political and military conflict are unpredictable, but could 
be material and adverse for the Allianz Group. 
The Allianz Group was immediately and directly impacted by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the international response in 2022, through the 
following exposures: 
− 
Allianz Group’s participations in entities based in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine; 
− 
Allianz Group’s proprietary investments in these countries; and 
− 
Insurance policies underwritten by Allianz Group, in particular, through its global lines of business (AGCS, Allianz Partners, Allianz Trade), for 
example, credit insurance and aviation insurance policies. 
On 3 June 2022, the Allianz Group announced to dispose of 50 % plus one share in its Russian business operations to Interholding LLC, Moscow, 
the owner of Russian Property and Casualty insurer Zetta Insurance Company Ltd., Moscow. The transaction was completed in May 2023. In 
2022, an IFRS 5 impairment loss of € 28 million has been recognized in connection with this transaction. In the fourth quarter of 2022, an onerous 
contract provision (included in other liabilities) of € 409 million for the expected disposal loss has been recognized, mainly due to the cumulative 
losses of € 367 million related to this disposal group that are reported in other comprehensive income as of 31 December 2022, largely driven by 
foreign exchange losses from the past. 
Allianz Group is not underwriting new insurance business in Russia and has reduced its exposure. Allianz Group will not invest in Russia or Belarus 
for the foreseeable future. However, Allianz Group may also be impacted by any further escalation or prolonged continuation of the military or 
political conflict, e.g. to the extent it led to persistently high inflation, a lasting energy crisis and/or a severe global recession, in which case a 
substantially negative impact on Allianz Group entities in countries beyond Russia or Ukraine cannot be ruled out. Such potential impact could 
relate to the Allianz Group’s underwriting result, the value of its investments due to increased financial market volatility, as well as threats to 
general business continuity, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Allianz Group’s business, financial condition or results of oper-
ations. Additional risks include the possibility of cyberattacks against financial institutions including the members of Allianz Group. 
Further, the Allianz Group is also indirectly affected by the conflict, given the more general impact on international financial markets as well as 
on customers of and suppliers to Allianz SE. 
In light of the foregoing, it is likely that the Russian war in the Ukraine will continue to lead to significant impairments on the value of the relevant 
participations and investments of the Allianz Group.  
The recent events in the Middle East, albeit already priced in as once and for all effect on market risk premia, highlight the potential of geopolitical 
risk and could indicate going forward potential further markets volatility, increase in oil prices and inflation, slow down of recovery from technical 
recession in some parts of Europe and impede needed structural reforms in China. As of the date of this Prospectus and thereafter, geopolitical 
crises may continue to have further adverse effects on the business and financial results of Allianz Group that cannot be estimated at this time. 
REPUTATIONAL RISK 
Allianz Group’s reputation as a well-respected and socially aware provider of financial services is influenced by its behavior in a range of areas 
such as product quality, corporate governance, financial performance, customer service, employee relations, intellectual capital, and corporate 
responsibility. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues, in particular, may emerge in all risk categories. Improper identification or 
integration of ESG aspects into core investment and insurance activities may increase Allianz Group’s reputational risks or even lead to unex-
pected economic losses. 
Any failure to meet the high standards Allianz Group has set for itself can lead to adverse publicity and damage the Allianz Group’s reputation 
and trigger increased regulatory supervision, affect the Allianz Group’s ability to attract and retain customers, impair access to the capital markets 
or have other adverse effects on the Allianz Group in ways that are not predictable. Reputational risk is the risk of an unexpected drop in the 
value of the Allianz SE share price, the value of the in-force business, or the value of future business caused by a decline in the reputation in 
external stakeholders’ judgement.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
STRATEGIC RISK 
Strategic risk is the risk of a decrease in Allianz Group’s value arising from adverse management decisions on business strategies and their imple-
mentation. Strategic risks are identified and evaluated as part of the Allianz Group’s Top Risk Assessment process and discussed in various Board 
of Management-level committees (e.g., Group Finance and Risk Committee). Allianz Group also monitors market and competitive conditions, 
capital market requirements and regulatory conditions, to decide if strategic adjustments are necessary. 
Strategic risk includes, in particular, risks associated with the fact that the markets in which the Allianz Group operates are generally quite com-
petitive. This basically applies to all of the Allianz Group’s primary business areas, i.e., insurance, asset management and banking businesses. Key 
factors affecting competition in these areas include price, product features, commission structures, financial strength, claims-paying ability, rat-
ings, administrative performance, support services and name recognition. 
In particular, the Allianz Group’s more mature insurance markets (e.g., Germany, France, Italy and the United States) are highly competitive. In 
recent years, the Allianz Group has also experienced increasing competition in emerging markets, as large insurance companies and other finan-
cial services providers have also entered these markets to participate in their high growth potential. In addition, local institutions have become 
more experienced and have established strategic relationships, alliances or mergers also with the Allianz Group’s competitors. Furthermore, new 
competitors from the technology segment may increase their market share or sustainably shape the way how the insurance sector operates. 
Downturns in the economies of these markets might even increase the competitive pressure, potentially resulting in lower margins or business 
volumes for the Allianz Group. 
If the Allianz Group fails to offer attractive products and services suitable to changing consumer demands, technological trends and regulation, 
revenues could be materially adversely affected and the Allianz Group may lose market shares in important areas of the Allianz Group’s business, 
which might also have a material adverse impact on the Allianz Group. In addition, ongoing pricing pressure in certain highly competitive markets 
may negatively impact the Allianz Group’s profitability. 
Strategic risk also comprises the risk of disruption or weak fulfillment of the business strategy and lost opportunities for operating profit benefits 
due to poor governance or execution of transformation programmes. Moreover, strategic risk also includes the risk that acquisitions by the Allianz 
Group can have adverse effects on its financial position and results of operations. A variety of factors, which vary with the nature of the underlying 
transaction, that are partially or entirely beyond the Allianz Group’s control could cause actual business results of the acquired undertakings 
being materially different from what was initially expected, and any synergies due to the acquisition, therefore, could, as a result, be materially 
smaller or realized at a later stage than initially expected. 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is the risk that current or future payment obligations cannot be met or can only be met on the basis of adversely altered conditions. 
Liquidity risk can arise primarily if there are mismatches in the timing of cash in- and out-flows. 
Allianz Group’s operating entities manage liquidity risk locally, using asset/liability management systems designed to ensure that assets and 
liabilities are adequately matched. The major sources of liquidity for operational activities are primary and reinsurance premiums received, rein-
surance receivables collected, investment income, and proceeds generated from the maturity or sale of investments. These funds are mainly used 
to pay claims arising from the Property-Casualty insurance business and related expenses, life policy benefits, surrenders and cancellations, ac-
quisition costs, and operating costs. 
The main sources of liquidity available for Allianz SE are dividends received from subsidiaries and funding provided by capital markets. Liquidity 
resources are readily available assets – specifically cash, money market investments, and highly liquid government bonds. Allianz SE’s funds are 
primarily used for principal and interest payments on debt funding, operating costs, internal and external growth investments, and distributions 
to shareholders. Allianz SE’s access to external funds depends on various factors such as capital market conditions, access to credit facilities, credit 
ratings, and credit capacity as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of the Allianz Group’s long- 
or short-term financial prospects or negative actions by regulators or rating agencies. The financing of the Allianz Group’s activities includes, 
among other means, funding through commercial paper facilities and medium- and long-term debt issuances. A break-down of such markets 
such as in the last global financial crisis and recent disruptions in the financial markets (including as a result of rising interest rates, bank failures 
or other macro-economic conditions) could have a materially adverse impact on the availability and cost of funding as well as on the refinancing 
structure of the Allianz Group, e.g., due to dividend restrictions triggered by adverse capital market developments. 
The overall liquidity of Allianz Group’s insurance operations depends on capital market developments, interest rate levels, and the ability to 
realize the market value of the investment portfolio to meet insurance claims and policyholder benefits. Other factors affecting the liquidity of 
the Property-Casualty insurance operations include the timing, frequency, and severity of losses underlying the policies and policy renewal rates. 
In Life operations, liquidity needs are generally influenced by trends in actual mortality rates compared to the assumptions underlying the life 
insurance reserves. Market returns, crediting rates, and the behavior of life insurance clients – for example, regarding the level of surrenders and 
withdrawals, e.g., due to rising interest rates – can also have significant impacts, including the need to sell assets at a loss. 
Major contingent liquidity requirements include market risk scenarios for Allianz SE and its subsidiaries, non-availability of external capital mar-
kets, and reinsurance risk scenarios for Allianz SE.

--- Page 19 ---
19
RATING DOWNGRADE RISK 
Claims paying ability as expressed by the insurance financial strength ratings is a factor in establishing the competitive position of insurers. Allianz 
SE’s financial strength rating has a significant impact on the individual ratings of key subsidiaries. If a rating of certain subsidiaries falls below a 
certain threshold, the respective operating business may be significantly impacted. A ratings downgrade, or the potential for such a downgrade, 
of the Allianz Group or any of its insurance subsidiaries could, among other things, adversely affect relationships with agents, brokers and other 
distributors of the Allianz Group’s products and services, thereby negatively impacting new sales, adversely affect the Allianz Group’s ability to 
compete in the respective markets and increase the cost of borrowing. In particular, in those countries where primary distribution of the Allianz 
Group’s products is done through independent agents, future ratings downgrades could adversely impact sales of the life insurance and annuity 
products. Any future ratings downgrades could also materially adversely affect the cost of raising capital and could, in addition, give rise to 
additional financial obligations or accelerate existing financial obligations which are dependent on maintaining specified rating levels. For some 
lines of business, a downgrade might also have impact on current business in case agreements provide for cancellation clauses which allow 
policyholders to cancel the agreements in case a certain downgrade occurs. This would trigger a repayment of (parts) of the received premium. 
Rating agencies can be expected to continue to monitor the Allianz Group’s financial strength, in particular during the current volatile market 
conditions driven by the war in Ukraine, and claims paying ability. Future ratings downgrades may occur at any time, whether due to changes in 
the Allianz Group’s performance, its regulatory capital position, changes in the rating agencies’ industry views or ratings methodologies, or a 
combination of these and other factors. In November 2023, for example, Moody’s published a request for comment which includes proposed 
changes to its rating methodology. The proposed changes have not been finalized. Thus, the impact, if any, that these changes may have on 
Allianz SE’s ratings is unknown. 
MARKET AND OTHER FACTORS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT GOODWILL AND DEFERRED TAX ASSETS; THE 
ALLIANZ GROUP’S DEFERRED TAX ASSETS ARE ALSO POTENTIALLY IMPACTED BY CHANGES IN TAX 
LEGISLATION. 
Business and market conditions may impact the amount of goodwill the Allianz Group carries in its consolidated financial statements as well as 
other intangible assets. As the value of certain parts of the Allianz Group’s businesses, including in particular the Allianz Group’s asset manage-
ment business, are significantly impacted by such factors as the state of financial markets and ongoing operating performance, significant de-
clines in financial markets or operating performance could also result in impairment of other goodwill carried by the Allianz Group companies 
and result in significant write-downs, which could be material.  
Allianz Group carries in its consolidated financial statements deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. The calculation of the respective tax 
assets and liabilities is based on current tax laws and IFRS and depends on applicable valuation parameters as well as on the performance of 
Allianz SE and of certain business units in particular. 
Changes in German or other tax legislation or regulations or an operating performance below currently anticipated levels or any circumstances 
which result in an expiration of tax losses may lead to an impairment or revaluation of deferred tax assets, in which case the Allianz Group could 
be obligated to write-down certain tax assets. Tax assets may also need to be written down if certain assumptions of profitability prove to be 
incorrect, as losses incurred for longer than expected could make the usability of tax assets more unlikely. Any such development may have a 
material adverse impact on the Allianz Group’s net income. 
CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (IFRS 9/17)  
The Allianz Group has initially applied IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, including any consequential amendments to other standards, from 1 January 2023. 
These standards have brought significant changes to the accounting for insurance contracts and financial instruments. The comparability of 
certain financial information or financial statements line items between periods presented in this Prospectus might therefore be limited. IFRS 17 
supersedes IFRS 4 which was intended as an interim solution and allowed insurers to continue to use accounting principles that they had applied 
prior to the initial adoption of IFRS. IFRS 17 establishes principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance 
contracts issued, reinsurance contracts held, and investment contracts with discretionary participation features. 
IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, issued by the IASB in July 2014, fully replaces IAS 39 and provides a new approach on how to classify financial 
instruments based on their cash flow characteristics and the business model under which they are managed. Furthermore, the standard intro-
duces a new forward-looking impairment model for debt instruments and provides new rules for hedge accounting. The main impact from IFRS 
9 will arise from new classification rules which require more financial instruments being measured at fair value through income as well as the new 
impairment model. Interdependencies with IFRS 17 need to be considered to assess the ultimate combined impact of both standards. 
IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 are leading to fundamental changes in the accounting of insurance and reinsurance companies and for related processes. 
As a result, there is the risk of an unexpected impact on the financial position of Allianz Group. In addition, the Allianz Group expects the operating 
profit of the Property-Casualty segment under IFRS 17 to be more sensitive to interest rate changes, and also expects IFRS 9/17 based net income 
to be subject to a moderately higher volatility due to the increased volatility in financial assets following the introduction of IFRS 9. Any of these 
developments, or further changes in accounting standards, may negatively affect Allianz Group’s earnings and could have a material adverse 
effect on Allianz Group’s business and financial condition. Unexpected impacts may also negatively impact the ratings of the Allianz Group and/or

--- Page 20 ---
20 
its rated subsidiaries. Moreover, it may be challenging for investors to understand the complex measurement mechanics for insurers under IFRS 
9/17 and their presentation in the financial statements of insurers more generally. 
EMERGING RISKS 
Certain ongoing systemic changes may affect the future financial performance, capitalization and liquidity of Allianz Group. These developments 
are by their nature difficult to predict and depend generally on factors beyond our control. Examples of such risks that may affect Allianz Group 
include: 
− 
Environmental Matters: Climate change may lead to natural catastrophes, political instability, emerging diseases or changed social behavior 
that differ from historical experience and may thus be difficult to predict using traditional models. Consequently, climate change and its 
related impact has the potential to affect the quality of our underwriting, pricing and retrocession processes and may adversely affect our 
financial condition, results of operations and business activities. 
− 
Regulatory Reform: Judicial or legislative changes to retroactively expand policy coverage may expose us in the future to higher than ex-
pected losses which would require additional reserve strengthening and higher loss payments. Such retroactive changes to the provision of 
business interruption insurance have already begun to occur during the Covid-19 crisis. 
− 
Technological Developments: Insurance companies are required to adapt to multiple emerging technologies that are changing customer 
behavior, affecting how business is conducted, and potentially creating new sources of risks. Allianz Group may be adversely affected if we 
are unable to adapt to the impact of such technologies on our operations and unable to adequately anticipate and model such risks. Such 
potential emerging risks related to technological change include cybersecurity, the use of artificial intelligence, as well as new risks relating 
to new technologies such as autonomous cars and nanotechnologies. 
− 
Environmental, Social or Governance: ESG events and conditions (ESG factors), such as climate change, loss of biodiversity or human rights 
abuses, are increasingly becoming a relevant source of adverse impacts on the balance sheet, profitability or reputation of the Allianz Group. 
These ESG-related risks are characterized by their transversal nature, meaning they may materialize within any of Allianz Group’s existing 
risk categories (e.g., market risk, underwriting risk, operational risk) as either a consequence of societal responses to ESG factors – including 
regulatory changes, litigation, technological developments and changes in human behavior – or due to events causing physical damage, 
such as droughts, floods or storms, whereby the magnitude or likelihood is attributable to an ESG factor. 
− 
Financial Services Industry: The financial services industry is currently experiencing extraordinary pressure globally, involving occurrences of 
defaults, bankruptcies, restructurings, consolidations and liquidity constraints. In certain cases, financial institutions and regulators have taken 
emergency measures to rescue, restructure or wind down certain banks. The exposure of Allianz Group to the global banking sector, including 
debt and equity securities issued by financial institutions, is significant. We cannot predict how current and future developments in the finan-
cial services industry will evolve over time and affect the global financial sector, the global economy and the financial markets in general, 
and how these developments would impact Allianz Group’s financial position in particular. However, given Allianz Group’s significant expo-
sure to the global banking sector, a systemic and prolonged disruption in the financial services industry may have an adverse effect on the 
Allianz Group’s earnings and on the Allianz Group’s business and financial condition. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. 
Allianz Finance II B.V. is a funding vehicle for the Allianz Group. As such, it, inter alia, raises funds and on-lends monies to group companies within 
the Allianz Group by way of intra-group loans. In the event that a group company fails to make a payment under an intra-group loan, the Issuer 
may not be able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. 
Allianz Finance III B.V. is a funding vehicle for the Allianz Group. As such, it, inter alia, raises funds and on-lends monies to group companies within 
the Allianz Group by way of intra-group loans. In the event that a group company fails to make a payment under an intra-group loan, the Issuer 
may not be able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
VIII. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
NOTEHOLDERS ARE SUBJECT TO THE RISK OF A PARTIAL OR TOTAL FAILURE OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER OR, IF 
APPLICABLE, THE GUARANTOR TO MAKE INTEREST AND/OR REDEMPTION PAYMENTS. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, and has no rights 
against any other person. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor to make interest and/or 
redemption payments that such Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor is obliged to make under the Notes or the Guarantee. A materialization of

--- Page 21 ---
21
the credit risk (for example, due to the materialization of any of the “Risk factors relating to Allianz SE / Allianz Group”, “Risk Factors relating to 
Allianz Finance II B.V.” and “Risk Factors relating to Allianz Finance III B.V.” as described above) may result in partial or total failure of the relevant 
Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes or the Guarantee. This risk is aggravated 
by the fact that the Notes are unsecured and could result in a partial or total loss of the Noteholder’s investment in the Notes. 
RISK THAT THE MARKET VALUE OF THE NOTES COULD DECREASE IF THE CREDITWORTHINESS OF THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER, THE ALLIANZ GROUP OR, IF APPLICABLE, THE GUARANTOR WORSENS 
If the likelihood decreases that the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the 
Notes or the Guarantee when they fall due, for example, because of the materialization of any of the risks regarding Allianz Finance II B.V., Allianz 
Finance III B.V., Allianz SE or Allianz Group, the market value of the Notes will fall. Even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully 
perform all obligations under the Notes or, if applicable, that the Guarantor will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Guar-
antee, when they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless have a different perception, and such a (mis-)per-
ception would very likely lead to a reduction in the market value of the Notes.  
Furthermore, market participants’ assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in the same business 
as the Allianz Group could adversely change. If any of these risks materializes, third parties would only be willing to purchase Notes for a lower 
price than the price which prevailed before such risk materialized. Under these circumstances the market value of the Notes is likely to decrease.  
THE NOTES WILL BE EFFECTIVELY SUBORDINATED TO ALLIANZ GROUP’S DEBT TO THE EXTENT SUCH DEBT IS 
SECURED BY ASSETS THAT ARE NOT ALSO SECURING THE NOTES. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the relevant Issuer’s and, if applicable, the Guarantor’s ability to provide asset security for the benefit 
of other debt and require the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit 
of Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in the Terms and Conditions and the Guarantee), the requirement to provide equal security to the 
Notes is subject to a number of significant exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor provide 
asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such 
assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of Allianz Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims than the Note-
holders in bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, recovery and resolution or similar proceedings. The relevant Issuer 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes. 
THE NOTES ARE STRUCTURALLY SUBORDINATED TO CREDITORS OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER’S OR THE 
GUARANTOR’S SUBSIDIARIES 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, of the Guarantor. Generally, claims of creditors 
of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have 
priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the event of a liquidation, 
winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, recovery and resolution or similar proceeding 
of any subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt 
which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. As a 
result, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
MARKET PRICE RISK 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, the policies of central 
banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or a potential lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes 
prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or in non-interest bearing Notes involves the risk that the price of such Notes may fall because of changes in the 
market yield. While the nominal interest rate (i.e. the coupon) of the Notes is fixed, the market yield typically changes continuously. As the market 
yield changes, the price of the Notes typically moves in the opposite direction. More specifically, if the market yield increases, the price of the 
Notes typically falls. If the market yield falls, the price of the Notes typically increases. Noteholders should be aware that movements of the 
market yield can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
Noteholders should also be aware that the market yield has two components, i.e. the risk-free rate and the credit spread. The credit spread is 
reflective of the yield that investors require in addition to the yield on a risk-free investment of approximately equal tenor as a compensation for 
the risks inherent in the Notes. The credit spread reflects risks related to the relevant Issuer’s or, if applicable, the Guarantor’s credit standing as

--- Page 22 ---
22 
well as risks related to the contractual features of the Notes. The credit spread changes over time and can decrease as well as increase for many 
different reasons. The market yield of the Notes can change due to changes of the credit spread, the risk-free rate, or both. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes on the one hand and Fixed Rate Notes or non-interest bearing Notes on the other hand is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The interest rate applicable to Floating Rate Notes will be equal to the sum of the 
reference rate (the “Reference Rate”) prevailing on the relevant interest determination date and the margin, if any. The Reference Rate applica-
ble to the Notes will be the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) for one month, three-month, six month or twelve month Euro deposits but 
may be replaced with a new benchmark rate upon the occurrence of a benchmark event. The applicable floating interest rate will be determined 
immediately prior to any floating interest period based on the then prevailing Reference Rate.  
Noteholders should be aware that while the margin, if any, is fixed and remains unchanged the floating rate interest income is therefore subject 
to changes to the Reference Rate and therefore cannot be anticipated at issuance. The fixings of the Reference Rate for each floating interest 
period are likely to affect the amount of any interest payments under the Notes and thereby may impact their market value. Investors should be 
aware that the development of the Reference Rate cannot be anticipated, and that neither the current nor historical level of the Reference Rate 
is an indication of its future level. Hence, at the time of their investment decision Noteholders are not able to determine a definite yield to maturity 
of the Notes, so that their expected return on investment cannot be compared with that of an investment in fixed rate instruments (i.e. instruments 
with a coupon that is fixed until maturity). 
Since the margin, if any, is fixed prior to the issue date of the Floating Rate Notes, Noteholders are moreover subject to the risk that, at any given 
point in time after the investment, the relevant margin may not reflect the fair market spread that investors would require in addition to the 
relevant Reference Rate as a compensation for the risks inherent in the Notes. The market spread typically changes continuously. As the market 
spread changes, the price of the Note typically moves in the opposite direction. A decrease of the market spread has a positive impact on the 
price of the Note, an increase of the market spread has a negative impact on the price of the Note. However, the price of the Notes is subject to 
changes in the market spread, changes in the reference interest rate or both. Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market spread 
can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
In addition, Noteholders of Fixed Rate Notes, non-interest bearing Notes and Floating Rate Notes are exposed to reinvestment risk of the cash 
proceeds received as a result of any early redemption. Such cash proceeds may be lower than the market price of the Notes prevailing shortly 
prior to the publication of the respective call notice. If the market yield (or market spread respectively) declines, and if Noteholders want to invest 
such proceeds in comparable transactions, Noteholders will only be able to reinvest such proceeds in comparable transactions at the then pre-
vailing lower market yields (or market spreads respectively). 
RISKS RELATED TO A LACK OF ACTIVE TRADING OF THE NOTES  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market or not, there is a risk that there may not be an active trading 
market in the Notes. The fact that Notes may be admitted to trading on a regulated market (or some other market) does not necessarily lead to 
greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be 
more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in particular as a result 
of repurchases by the Issuer or its affiliates (in case of issuance by Allianz SE). 
In an illiquid market, Noteholders are subject to the risk that it may not be possible to sell Notes at what Noteholders would consider to be a fair 
market price. 
RISKS IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICATION OF THE GERMAN ACT ON ISSUES OF DEBT SECURITIES 
The Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the relevant Issuer with consent of a majority resolution of the Noteholders. 
Therefore, each Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of other Noteholders. The rules pertaining to resolu-
tions of Noteholders as set out in the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes are largely determined by the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz or “SchVG”) and thus are largely mandatory. Pursuant to the SchVG the relevant majority for Notehold-
ers’ resolutions is generally based on the aggregate principal amount represented by the votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a 
majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. As such a majority resolution is binding on all Noteholders 
of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or 
reduced or even cancelled, which could have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return on any Noteholder’s investment 
in the Notes. Noteholders are entitled to appoint a Noteholders’ representative by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. Therefore, it is possible 
that a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the relevant

--- Page 23 ---
23
Issuer, as such right will pass to the Noteholders’ representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the 
Noteholders. 
The Guarantee, if applicable, provided by Allianz SE may also be amended with consent of a majority resolution of the Noteholders in accordance 
with the SchVG. Therefore the same risks apply to changes to the Guarantee, if applicable.  
RISKS IN CONNECTION WITH THE ADOPTION OF A RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION REGIME FOR INSURERS AND 
REINSURERS 
On 23 April 2024, the final compromise text of the European Commission’s proposal from 22 September 2021 for an Insurance Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, which was published as a result of the trilogue procedure on 24 January 2024, was adopted by the European Parliament 
with amendments. If this Draft IRRD is finally adopted and implemented into national law, the IRRD may impact Allianz SE’s and Allianz Group’s 
capitalization and will allow authorities to protect policyholders, beneficiaries and claimants, maintain financial stability, ensure the continuity of 
the (re)insurer’s critical functions and protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial support.  
According to the Draft IRRD, national resolution authorities will be provided with comprehensive and effective intervention powers to prepare for 
and deal with (near) failures of (re)insurers at national level and cooperation arrangements to tackle cross-border (re)insurance failures. To this 
end, it is proposed that the resolution authorities are provided with necessary powers to apply the resolution tools (as defined in the Draft IRRD) 
to undertakings that meet the applicable conditions for resolution. 
One of the resolution tools proposed in the Draft IRRD is the power of the competent resolution authority to write down or convert (into shares) 
capital instruments and eligible liabilities (which may include senior notes issued by the undertaking such as senior Notes issued by Allianz under 
the Programme) if the undertaking is failing or likely to fail and certain other conditions are met, or if the conditions for group resolution are met. 
Details of the relevant resolution triggers remain to be determined in the implementation into German legislation.  
The Draft IRRD further specifies that in certain circumstances the resolution authority shall exercise the power to write down or convert capital 
instruments and eligible liabilities, individually or in combination with another resolution tool. 
Normal insolvency proceedings will remain the alternative path for the whole or parts of a (re)insurer that cannot be resolved, and the Draft IRRD 
provides for a no creditor worse off principle, meaning that no creditor shall be worse off in resolution than in normal insolvency proceedings, the 
exact extent of which remains to be determined. 
It is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the Draft IRRD or any corresponding implementing German legislation.  
Once the Draft IRRD or similar provisions have entered into force and have been implemented into German law, they may, despite the no creditor 
worse off principle being applicable, severely affect the rights of the Noteholders and may result in the loss of their entire investment in the event 
of resolution of Allianz. Any perceptions in the market that these provisions may become applicable to Allianz may reduce the market value of 
the Notes even before Allianz has actually reached the point of non-viability or resolution. 
IX. RISKS RELATED TO THE SPECIFIC CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
RISK OF EARLY REDEMPTION 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) at its option upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions prior to the maturity date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a future change of applicable laws, the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as applicable) will be obliged to pay certain additional amounts to compensate for taxes or other amounts withheld or deducted from payments 
on the Notes. 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may also be redeemed prior to the maturity date in one or more of 
the following cases: (i) if, as a result of a future change of applicable laws, any interest expense (Zinsaufwand) which includes interest payable 
by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any payment to be made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee (as applicable) is no longer fully deduct-
ible by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) for income tax purposes, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any Call Redemption Date, or (iii) 
in case the nominal amount outstanding is equal to or lower than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series 
previously issued. 
If the Notes of any Series are redeemed prior to the maturity date, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that due to the early redemption their 
investment will have a lower-than-expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of 
the early redemption. Such cash proceeds may be lower than the market price of the Notes prevailing shortly prior to the publication of the 
respective call notice. The cash proceeds resulting from an early redemption may also be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would incur a loss.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
RISK RELATED TO A BENCHMARK REPLACEMENT  
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes consist of a reference rate plus the margin (if any). At issuance, the reference rate will be the EURIBOR. 
“Benchmarks” such as the EURIBOR (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) have been the subject of political and regulatory 
scrutiny as to how they are determined and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further 
changes possible.  
In particular, such regulatory changes to Benchmarks include the European Council’s regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used 
as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Notes.  
Under the Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes certain benchmark replacement provisions will apply in case a Benchmark used as a 
reference for calculation of interest amounts payable under the Notes issued under this Programme were to be discontinued or otherwise una-
vailable (whereby a material alteration of the methodology used by the administrator on the interest commencement date for the determination 
of the original benchmark rate will be deemed as discontinuation).  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall endeavor to appoint an independent adviser which will be tasked with determining whether 
an officially recognized successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find 
an alternative rate which, possibly in conjunction with an applicable adjustment spread and certain amendments to the Terms and Conditions, 
can replace the discontinued Benchmark. Such amendments or adjustment spreads are intended to be applied in order to ensure industry-wide 
acceptance of the replacement benchmark rate and to maintain the economic equivalence of the Notes, however, the relevant adjustments or 
spreads may not achieve this and the Notes may perform differently than they would have done if the original benchmark rate had continued to 
be applicable. If the independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate (the “New Benchmark Rate”), such rate will replace the 
previous Reference Rate for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the relevant Issuer, if 
applicable, the Guarantor, the Noteholders of such Notes and all other involved parties such as the calculation agent and the paying agents. 
Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from the effective date as defined in the Terms and Conditions. 
If (i) the relevant Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if (ii) the independent adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior 
to the relevant interest determination date, then the Issuer may, using reasonable discretion, determine the New Benchmark Rate in those cases 
where Issuer determination is provided for by the Final Terms. If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser, or where (i) the independent 
adviser (in cases where no Issuer determination is provided for by the Final terms) or (ii) neither the independent adviser nor the Issuer (in cases 
where Issuer determination is provided for by the Final terms) determine a New Benchmark Rate the reference rate applicable to the immediately 
following interest period shall be the original benchmark rate determined on the last interest determination date immediately preceding the 
relevant effective date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes compared to the 
original benchmark rate. 
REDENOMINATION RISK 
In the case of any Notes for which the redenomination clause (§ 5(b)) is applicable, the specified currency of the Series may be redenominated 
(in whole but not in part) to the new currency if the relevant member state of the European Monetary Union identified by the Final Terms re-
denominates its public debt to a currency other than the Euro (the “New Currency”). An investor could become newly exposed to the exchange 
rate risks and risk of exchange controls resulting from such redenomination. 
DUTCH WITHHOLDING TAX ACT 2021 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of a Dutch Issuer if such entity 
(i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a per-
manent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose 
or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of 
residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as 
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying 
interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable 
based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).

--- Page 25 ---
25
An entity is generally affiliated within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 if it can directly or indirectly – either alone or as part of 
a cooperating group – control the decisions made by a Dutch Issuer. A general non-exhaustive example of such control includes a situation in 
which an entity has more than 50% of the voting rights in a Dutch Issuer. An entity is also affiliated if, broadly speaking, a Dutch Issuer can directly 
or indirectly – either alone or as part of a cooperating group – control the decisions made by that entity. Lastly, an entity is affiliated to a Dutch 
Issuer if a third party can directly or indirectly – either alone or as part of a cooperating group – control the decisions of both a Dutch Issuer and 
the other entity. The withholding tax rate is 25.8% in 2024. 
In case payments made by Allianz Finance II B.V. or Allianz Finance III B.V. in respect of the Notes are subject to withholding tax pursuant to Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021, Allianz Finance II B.V. or Allianz Finance III B.V may not be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 6 “Taxation” of Option I for the Fixed Rate Notes and non-interest bearing Notes and Condition 6 “Taxation” of Option II for the 
Euro denominated Floating Rate Notes. 
RISK RELATED TO FURTHER ISSUANCES AND A SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER WITHOUT CONSENT BY THE 
NOTEHOLDERS 
In addition, the relevant Issuer may at any time without the consent of Noteholders issue further Notes having the same Terms and Conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date of issue, the interest commencement date and/or the issue price), if certain conditions 
are satisfied. 
Furthermore, the relevant Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute the relevant Issuer with any other company 
which is directly or indirectly controlled by the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, by the Guarantor, as new issuer in respect of all obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Notes with the effect of releasing the relevant Issuer from all such obligations, provided that certain conditions 
are satisfied (including a requirement that the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, irrevocably guarantees on a subordinated 
basis the obligations of the new issuer under the Notes). No assurance can be given as to whether such substitution will negatively affect any 
particular Noteholder. The tax and stamp duty consequences of holding Notes could be different for some categories of investors from the tax 
and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
General 
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes (the “Con-
ditions”). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the “Terms and Conditions”) 
as further specified by the Final Terms (the “Final Terms”) as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the relevant Issuer to choose 
between the following Options: 
– 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes and non-interest bearing Notes; and 
– 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The relevant Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II, including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant 
provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in 
the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will 
be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. 
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options contained in each of 
Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each 
global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms 
and Conditions of Option I and Option II contains also certain further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which 
will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
DETERMINATION OF OPTIONS 
The relevant Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions in the Final 
Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. 
If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
COMPLETION OF PLACEHOLDERS 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be completed. In the case 
the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in 
the placeholders of such provisions. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES

--- Page 27 ---
27
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and 
explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the relevant Issuer may elect to draft the Conditions either in the German language 
with an English translation, with the German being the controlling language, or in the English language only or in the German language only.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Programm Anleihebedingungen 
Programme Terms and Conditions 
 
 
Deutsche Fassung 
English language version 
 
 
Die Programm Anleihebedingungen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Anleihebedingun-
gen") sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufge-
führt: 
The Programme terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below 
for two options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingun-
gen, der auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
eine feste Verzinsung haben oder die unverzinslich 
sind, Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to series of Notes with fixed interest rates 
or which are non-interest bearing. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingun-
gen, der auf Serien von in Euro denominierten 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Euro denominated series of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die je-
weilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen 
und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern in-
nerhalb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen be-
zeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterized accordingly by indicating the respec-
tive optional provision through instructions and ex-
planatory notes set out either on the right of, or in 
square brackets within, the set of Terms and Condi-
tions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die jeweilige 
Emittentin festlegen, ob Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben vervollstän-
digt, verändert, ergänzt oder ersetzt werden oder 
auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will determine 
whether Option I or Option II including certain fur-
ther options contained therein, respectively, shall 
apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, 
either by completing, modifying, supplementing or 
replacing the relevant provisions or by referring to 
the relevant options. 
 
 
Soweit weder die Emittentin noch gegebenenfalls 
die Garantin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Ba-
sisprospektes Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatten, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuld-
verschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die 
die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthal-
ten beziehungsweise zu streichende alternative 
oder wählbare Bestimmungen. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base 
Prospectus neither of the Issuer nor if applicable 
the Guarantor had knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of 
Notes, this Base Prospectus contains placeholders 
set out in square brackets which include the rele-
vant items that will be completed by the Final 
Terms or alternative or selectable provisions to be 
deleted. 
 
Falls 
die 
Endgültigen 
Bedin-
gungen, die 
für eine ein-
zelne Emis-
sion 
an-
wendbar 
sind, nur auf 
die weiteren 
Optionen 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestim-
mungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten als 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply 
to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the infor-
mation contained in the Final Terms as if such infor-
In the case 
the 
Final 
Terms appli-
cable to an 
individual is-
sue only re-
fer to the fur-
ther options 
contained in 
the 
set 
of 
Terms 
and 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES

--- Page 29 ---
29
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der 
Anlei-
hebe-
dingungen 
der Option I 
oder 
Op-
tion II 
ent-
halten sind, 
ist 
Folgen-
des anwend-
bar: 
durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthal-
tenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese An-
gaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wähl-
bare Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, 
deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestri-
chen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anlei-
hebedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestri-
chen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der End-
gültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent erhält-
lich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an 
einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingun-
gen allerdings ausschließlich für die Anleihegläubi-
ger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich. 
mation were inserted in the blanks of such provi-
sions; alternative or optional provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions as to which the correspond-
ing provisions of the Final Terms are not completed 
or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes 
and text set out in square brackets) shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Con-
ditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the 
Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be ob-
tained free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of Notes 
which are not listed on any stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, copies of the relevant Final 
Terms will only be available to the Noteholders of 
such Notes. 
Conditions 
for Option I 
or Option II 
the 
follow-
ing applies:

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
OPTION I 
Anleihebedingungen für  
festverzinsliche und unverzinsliche Schuldver-
schreibungen 
OPTION I 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Fixed Rate Notes and non-interest bearing 
Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, 
Festgelegter 
Nennbetrag, 
Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; Festgelegter Nennbetrag. Die 
[Allianz SE] [Allianz Finance II B.V.] [Allianz 
Finance III B.V.] (die "Emittentin") begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] [Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldver-
schreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibun-
gen" und jeweils eine "Schuldverschrei-
bung") im festgelegten Nennbetrag von 
[Festgelegte Währung] [Betrag] je Schuld-
verschreibung (der "Festgelegte Nennbe-
trag"). 
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination. The 
Notes are issued by [Allianz SE] [Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V.] [Allianz Finance III B.V.] (the 
"Issuer") in [Specified Currency] (the "Spec-
ified Currency"), in the aggregate principal 
amount of [Specified Currency] [amount], 
divided into notes (the "Notes" and each a 
"Note") in the specified denomination of 
[Specified Currency] [amount] per Note 
(the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden von 
der Allianz SE, München (die "Garantin") 
garantiert. 
The Notes are guaranteed by Allianz SE, 
Munich (the "Guarantor"). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
(b) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten 
auf den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form. The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind zunächst in einer vorläufigen Glo-
balurkunde (die "Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde") [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: ohne 
Zinsscheine] verbrieft. 
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are initially repre-
sented by a temporary global Note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: without interest 
coupons]. 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird (insge-
samt oder teilweise und unentgeltlich) an 
oder nach dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag des Beginns des Angebots liegt, 
gegen Nachweis über das Nichtbestehen 
wirtschaftlichen US-Eigentums (non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership) in der in der Vorläufi-
gen Globalurkunde vorgesehenen Form, 
gegen eine dauerhafte Globalurkunde 
(die "Dauer-Globalurkunde") (die Vorläu-
fige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Global-
urkunde jeweils auch eine "Globalur-
kunde") [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: ohne 
Zinsscheine] ausgetauscht. Ein Recht der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) auf Ausgabe und Lieferung von Ein-
zelurkunden [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable (in whole or in part and free of 
charge) on or after the day that is 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the date of issue of the Notes 
for a permanent global Note (the "Perma-
nent Global Note") (the Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note, 
each a "Global Note") [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: without interest cou-
pons] upon certification as to non-U.S. ben-
eficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note. The right of the 
Noteholders (as defined below) to require 
the issue and delivery of definitive notes [in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: or in-
terest coupons] is excluded.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: oder 
Zinsscheinen] besteht nicht. 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind durch eine dauerhafte Globalur-
kunde (die "Globalurkunde") [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] verbrieft. 
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are represented by 
a permanent global Note (the "Global 
Note") [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in-
sert: without interest coupons]. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
will be is-
sued, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde gilt 
Folgendes: 
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde wer-
den solange von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Auftrag des Clearingsystems verwahrt, 
bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emitten-
tin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
wurden. 
(d) 
Clearing System. Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note will be held in custody by or on behalf 
of the Clearing System until all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes have been 
satisfied. 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde wird 
solange von dem Clearingsystem oder im 
Auftrag des Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
wurden. 
(d) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will be 
held in custody by or on behalf of the Clear-
ing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
will be is-
sued, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global Note, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde [falls die Globalur-
kunden im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, einfügen: werden bei einer ge-
meinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depo-
sitary) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt 
und] tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin so-
wie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note [if the Global Notes 
are kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs, insert: are kept in custody by a com-
mon depositary on behalf of both ICSDs 
and] shall each bear the handwritten or 
facsimile signatures of two duly authorized 
officers of the Issuer as well as the hand-
written signature of an authentication of-
ficer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note in 
Classical 
Global Note 
Form, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global Note 
emittiert 
wird, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Die Globalurkunde [falls die Globalur-
kunde im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
wird, einfügen: wird bei einer gemeinsa-
men Verwahrstelle (common depositary) 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt und] 
trägt jeweils die eigenhändigen oder faksi-
milierten Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontroll-
beauftragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Global Note [if the Global Note is 
kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs, in-
sert: is kept in custody by a common depos-
itary on behalf of both ICSDs and] shall 
bear the handwritten or facsimile signa-
tures of two duly authorized officers of the 
Issuer as well as the handwritten signature 
of an authentication officer of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
in Classical 
Global Note 
Form will be 
issued, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note ausge-
geben wer-
den und bei 
denen zu-
nächst eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") aus-
gegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekee-
per) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of Notes in-
tended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form where 
a Temporary 
Global Note 
is issued, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Re-
gistern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Ge-
samtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ih-
res Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen, und zu diesen Zwecken ist eine von ei-
nem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customers' interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung [im Fall von festverzinsli-
chen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
oder einer Zinszahlung] bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt 
die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs ein-
getragen werden und dass nach dieser Ein-
tragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnenn-
betrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauf-
ten und entwerteten Schuldverschreibun-
gen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: or interest payment] be-
ing made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such 
entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the rec-
ords of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggre-
gate principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch lediglich eines Anteils von 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelhei-
ten dieses Austauschs entsprechend in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered accord-
ingly in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen oder faksimilierten Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsberechtigten 
der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift eines Kon-
trollbeauftragten des Fiscal Agent und die 
eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unter-
schrift eines bevollmächtigten Vertreters 
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of two 
duly authorized officers of the Issuer as well 
as the handwritten or facsimile signature of 
an authentication officer of the Fiscal 
Agent and the handwritten or facsimile sig-
nature of an authorized officer of the com-
mon safekeeper.

--- Page 33 ---
33
des gemeinsamen Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper). 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note ausge-
geben wer-
den und bei 
denen nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") aus-
gegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekee-
per) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of Notes in-
tended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form where 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
is issued, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Re-
gistern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Ge-
samtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ih-
res Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen, und zu diesen Zwecken ist eine von ei-
nem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customers' interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung [im Fall von festverzinsli-
chen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
oder einer Zinszahlung] bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt 
die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs ein-
getragen werden und dass nach dieser Ein-
tragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnenn-
betrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauf-
ten und entwerteten Schuldverschreibun-
gen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: or interest] payment be-
ing made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such 
entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the rec-
ords of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggre-
gate principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Die Globalurkunde trägt jeweils die eigen-
händigen oder faksimilierten Unterschrif-
ten von zwei Vertretungsberechtigten der 
Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift eines Kontrollbe-
auftragten des Fiscal Agent und die eigen-
händige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift ei-
nes bevollmächtigten Vertreters des ge-
meinsamen Wertpapierverwahrers (com-
mon safekeeper). 
The Global Note shall bear the handwrit-
ten or facsimile signatures of two duly au-
thorized officers of the Issuer as well as the 
handwritten or facsimile signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent 
and the handwritten or facsimile signature 
of an authorized officer of the common 
safekeeper.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clear-
stream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutsch-
land ("Clearstream, Frankfurt")] [,] [und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzog-
tum Luxemburg, ("Clearstream, Luxem-
burg")] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien, ("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Lux-
emburg und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" 
und zusammen die "ICSDs")] oder deren 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than 
one Clearing System the following ap-
plies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] 
[,] 
[and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, ("Clearstream, Luxem-
bourg")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, ("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Lux-
embourg and Euroclear each an "ICSD" 
and together the "ICSDs")] or any successor 
in capacity thereof. 
 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger. 
Den 
Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Anleihegläu-
biger") stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder 
vergleichbare andere Rechte an der Glo-
balurkunde zu, die gemäß anwendbarem 
Recht und den Bestimmungen und Regeln 
des Clearingsystems übertragen werden 
können. 
(e) 
Noteholders. The holders of Notes (the 
"Noteholders") are entitled to co-owner-
ship participations or other comparable 
rights in the Global Note, which are trans-
ferable in accordance with applicable laws 
and the rules and regulations of the Clear-
ing System. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
(a) 
Status der Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes. The Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obliga-
tions of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer, save for any obliga-
tions required to be preferred by manda-
tory law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den An-
leihebedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die "Bedingungen") zahlbaren 
Beträge an das Clearingsystem gezahlt 
worden sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keiten (wie nachstehend definiert), ein-
schließlich dafür übernommener Garan-
tien und sonstiger Gewährleistungen, keine 
Sicherheiten an ihrem inländischen Grund-
vermögen zu bestellen, ohne die Schuld-
verschreibungen zur gleichen Zeit oder 
vorher und mit gleichem Rang zu besi-
chern. 
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time at 
which all amounts payable under the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions") have been paid to the Clear-
ing System, not to provide any security on 
its domestic real property for any Capital 
Market Indebtedness (as defined below), 
including any guarantees or other indem-
nities assumed in respect thereof, without 
securing the Notes at the same time or 
prior thereto and with an equal ranking 
therewith. 
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) nach anwendbarem 
Recht vorgeschrieben sind oder (ii) im Zu-
sammenhang mit staatlichen Genehmi-
gungen verlangt werden. Eine nach dem 
ersten Satz zu leistende Sicherheit kann 
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to security (i) 
which is mandatory according to applica-
ble laws, or (ii) which is required as a pre-
requisite for governmental approvals. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant to

--- Page 35 ---
35
auch gegenüber einem Treuhänder der 
Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden. 
the first sentence may also be provided to 
a trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bezeich-
net alle gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder eines 
Dritten in der Form von Schuldverschrei-
bungen oder ähnlichen Instrumenten mit 
einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als 
einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an ei-
nem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt 
werden können. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any indebtedness, present or future, of the 
Issuer or any third party in the form of 
bonds or similar instruments with an origi-
nal maturity of more than one year, which 
can be traded on any stock exchange or 
other securities market. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
§ 2 
Status, Negativerklärung und Garantie 
§ 2 
Status, Negative Pledge and Guarantee 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
(a) 
Status der Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen (vor-
behaltlich der Garantie (wie nachstehend 
definiert)) nicht besicherte und nicht nach-
rangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, 
die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichran-
gig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschrei-
ben. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes. The Notes constitute 
(subject to the Guarantee (as defined be-
low)) unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer, save for any obliga-
tions required to be preferred by manda-
tory law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den An-
leihebedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die "Bedingungen") zahlbaren 
Beträge an das Clearingsystem gezahlt 
worden sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keiten (wie nachstehend definiert), ein-
schließlich dafür übernommener Garan-
tien und sonstiger Gewährleistungen, keine 
Grundpfandrechte, 
Mobiliarpfandrechte 
oder sonstige dingliche Besicherungen 
gleich welcher Art an ihren derzeitigen 
oder zukünftigen Erträgen oder Vermö-
gensgegenständen zu bestellen oder de-
ren Aufrechterhaltung zu gestatten, ohne 
die Schuldverschreibungen zur gleichen 
Zeit oder vorher und mit gleichem Rang zu 
besichern. 
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time at 
which all amounts payable under the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions") have been paid to the Clear-
ing System, not to create or permit to sub-
sist, any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or 
other encumbrance upon any or all of its 
present or future revenues or assets for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below), including any guarantees or other 
indemnities assumed in respect thereof, 
without securing the Notes at the same 
time or prior thereto and with an equal 
ranking therewith.  
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) nach anwendbarem 
Recht vorgeschrieben sind oder (ii) im Zu-
sammenhang mit staatlichen Genehmi-
gungen verlangt werden. Eine nach dem 
ersten Satz zu leistende Sicherheit kann 
auch gegenüber einem Treuhänder der 
Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden. 
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to security (i) 
which is mandatory according to applica-
ble laws, or (ii) which is required as a pre-
requisite for governmental approvals. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant to 
the first sentence may also be provided to 
a trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bezeich-
net alle gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any indebtedness, present or future, of the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, der Ga-
rantin oder eines Dritten in der Form von 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ähnlichen In-
strumenten mit einer ursprünglichen Lauf-
zeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer 
Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapier-
markt gehandelt werden können. 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any third party in 
the form of bonds or similar instruments 
with an original maturity of more than one 
year, which can be traded on any stock ex-
change or other securities market. 
 
(c) 
Garantie. Die Garantin hat die unbedingte 
und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die frist-
gerechte Zahlung von Kapital [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: , Zinsen] und sonstigen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Be-
trägen gemäß einer Garantie vom 23. Mai 
2024 (die "Garantie") übernommen. Die 
Garantie ist ein Vertrag zugunsten jedes 
Anleihegläubigers als begünstigtem Drit-
ten gem. § 328 Absatz 1 Bürgerliches Ge-
setzbuch (BGB), der das Recht begründet, 
die Garantin unmittelbar aus der Garantie 
auf Erfüllung in Anspruch zu nehmen und 
Ansprüche aus der Garantie gegen die Ga-
rantin unmittelbar durchzusetzen. Bei Er-
füllung von Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
oder der Garantin zugunsten eines Anlei-
hegläubigers erlischt das betreffende ga-
rantierte Recht dieses Anleihegläubigers 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(c) 
Guarantee. The Guarantor has given an 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee 
pursuant to a guarantee dated 23 May 
2024 (the "Guarantee") for the due pay-
ment of principal of, [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: and interest on,] and 
any other amounts expressed to be paya-
ble under the Notes. The Guarantee consti-
tutes a contract for the benefit of the Note-
holders from time to time as third-party 
beneficiaries in accordance with § 328(1) 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Ge-
setzbuch – BGB), giving rise to the right of 
each Noteholder to require performance 
under the Guarantee directly from the 
Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee 
directly against the Guarantor. Upon dis-
charge of any obligations of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor subsisting thereunder in fa-
vor of any Noteholder, the relevant guaran-
teed right of such Noteholder under the 
Notes shall cease to exist. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibung wird bezogen auf ih-
ren Festgelegten Nennbetrag ab dem 
[Zinslaufbeginn einfügen] (der "Zinslauf-
beginn") (einschließlich) verzinst. 
(a) 
Rate of interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. Each Note bears interest on its Spec-
ified Denomination from and including [in-
sert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date"). 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden mit 
jährlich [Zinssatz einfügen] % verzinst. Die 
Zinsen für jede Zinsperiode sind nachträg-
lich an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
The Notes bear interest at the rate of [insert 
rate of interest] per cent. per annum. Inter-
est for each Interest Period shall be paya-
ble in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeden Zeitraum 
ab dem Zinslaufbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich) und nachfolgend ab jedem Zinszah-
lungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Pay-
ment Date and thereafter from and includ-
ing each Interest Payment Date to but ex-
cluding the next following Interest Pay-
ment Date. 
 
 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet den [Zins-
zahlungstag(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jah-
res, erstmals den [ersten Zinszahlungstag 
"Interest Payment Date" means [insert In-
terest Payment Date(s)] in each year, com-
mencing on [insert first Interest Payment 
Date] [(short/long first coupon)].

--- Page 37 ---
37
einfügen] [(erste kurze/lange Zinsperi-
ode)].  
 
 
 
 
Im Falle ei-
ner kurzen 
oder langen 
ersten Zins-
periode gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich auf ei-
nen Bruchteilzinsbetrag von [anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegtem Nenn-
betrag einfügen] je Festgelegtem Nennbe-
trag. 
The first payment of interest will amount to 
an initial broken interest amount of [insert 
initial broken interest amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomina-
tion.  
In case of a 
short or long 
first coupon 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Zinstagequotient. Zinsen für einen beliebi-
gen Zeitraum [im Falle einer kurzen oder 
langen ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: 
(ausgenommen ist ein etwaiger Zeitraum, 
für den ein Bruchteilzinsbetrag festgelegt 
ist)] werden auf der Grundlage des Zinsta-
gequotienten berechnet. 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction. If interest is required to 
be calculated for any period of time [in 
case of a short or long first coupon insert: 
(other than any period of time for which a 
broken interest amount has been fixed)], 
such interest shall be calculated on the ba-
sis of the Day Count Fraction. 
 
 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick 
auf die Berechnung eines Betrages von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen für 
einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time ("Calcula-
tion Period"): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual/ Ac-
tual (ICMA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum der Feststellungsperiode ent-
spricht, in die er fällt, oder kürzer 
als diese ist, die Anzahl von Tagen 
in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt aus (A) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in der betref-
fenden Feststellungsperiode und 
(B) der Anzahl der Feststellungspe-
rioden, die üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of 
(A) the number of days in such De-
termination Period and (B) the 
number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
If "Actual/ 
Actual 
(ICMA)" ap-
plies, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
(ii) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum länger als eine Feststellungs-
periode ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer 
than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 
 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem betreffenden Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, die in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, in der der Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum 
be-
ginnt, dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der Tage in der betreffen-
den Feststellungsperiode 
und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling 
in the Determination Pe-
riod in which the Calcula-
tion Period begins divided 
by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such De-
termination Period and 
(2) the number of Determi-
nation Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
 
 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die 
nachfolgende 
Feststel-
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling 
in the next Determination 
Period divided by the prod-
uct of (1) the number of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
lungsperiode fallen, divi-
diert durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und 
(2) der Anzahl der Feststel-
lungsperioden, die übli-
cherweise in einem Jahr 
enden. 
days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any 
year 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" bezeichnet jeden 
Zeitraum ab einem Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), der in ein beliebiges Jahr 
fällt, bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means each pe-
riod from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next 
Determination Date. 
 
 
"Feststellungstermin" bezeichnet jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) einfügen]. 
"Determination Date" means each [insert 
Determination Date(s)]. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual/ Ac-
tual (ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, falls ein Teil dieses Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die 
Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
der Tage in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, divi-
diert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche An-
zahl der Tage in dem Teil des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums, die nicht in ein Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Pe-
riod falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period not fall-
ing in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual/ 
Actual 
(ISDA)" ap-
plies, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 
360/360 
oder Bond 
Basis ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
die Anzahl von Tagen in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
the number of days in the relevant Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360, calculated pur-
suant to the following formula: 
In the case 
of 30/360, 
360/360 or 
Bond Basis 
the follow-
ing applies 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄= ሾ360 × ሺ𝐽ଶ−𝐽ଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺ𝑀ଶ−𝑀ଵሻሿ+ ሺ𝑇ଶ−𝑇ଵሻ
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹= ሾ360 × ሺ𝑌ଶ−𝑌ଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺ𝑀ଶ−𝑀ଵሻሿ+ ሺ𝐷ଶ−𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
 
 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Pe-
riod falls; 
 
 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar 
folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calcu-
lation Period falls;

--- Page 39 ---
39
 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the day immediately fol-
lowing the last day of the Calculation Pe-
riod falls; 
 
 
"T1" ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
 
 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der 
auf den letzten Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, 
diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 29, 
in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist. 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
of the Calculation Period, unless such num-
ber would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 
oder Euro-
bond Basis 
ist Folgen-
des an-
wendbar 
die Anzahl von Tagen in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
the number of days in the relevant Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360, calculated pur-
suant to the following formula: 
In the case 
of 30E/360 
or Eurobond 
Basis the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄= ሾ360 × ሺ𝐽ଶ−𝐽ଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺ𝑀ଶ−𝑀ଵሻሿ+ ሺ𝑇ଶ−𝑇ଵሻ
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹= ሾ360 × ሺ𝑌ଶ−𝑌ଵሻሿ+ ሾ30 × ሺ𝑀ଶ−𝑀ଵሻሿ+ ሺ𝐷ଶ−𝐷ଵሻ
360
 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
 
 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeit-
raums fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Pe-
riod falls; 
 
 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar 
folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
 
 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calcu-
lation Period falls; 
 
 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the day immediately fol-
lowing the last day of the Calculation Pe-
riod falls; 
 
 
"T1" ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
 
 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der 
auf den letzten Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, 
diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2 
gleich 30 ist. 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
of the Calculation Period, unless such num-
ber would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende des Tages, der dem Tag vorausgeht, 
an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. 
(c) 
End of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the end of the 
day preceding the date on which they fall 
due (fällig) for redemption. If the Issuer fails 
to redeem the Notes when due (fällig),

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, ist 
der Festgelegte Nennbetrag jeder Schuld-
verschreibung ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächli-
chen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des ge-
setzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes für Ver-
zugszinsen zu verzinsen.1] 
each Note will bear interest on its Specified 
Denomination from and including the due 
date to but excluding the day of actual re-
demption of the Notes at the statutory de-
fault rate of interest.2] 
 
[Im Falle von unverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: 
[In the case of non-interest bearing Notes insert: 
 
 
§ 3 
Keine Zinsen 
§ 3 
No Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
keine periodischen Zinszahlungen geleis-
tet. 
(a) 
There will not be any periodic payments of 
interest on the Notes. 
 
 
(b) 
Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, ist 
der Festgelegte Nennbetrag jeder Schuld-
verschreibungen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag der tatsäch-
lichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des ge-
setzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes für Ver-
zugszinsen zu verzinsen.3] 
(b) 
If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when 
due (fällig), each Note will bear interest on 
its Specified Denomination from and in-
cluding the due date to but excluding the 
day of actual redemption of the Notes at 
the statutory default rate of interest.4] 
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
§ 4 
Redemption and Repurchase 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
bereits zuvor zurückgezahlt oder zurück-
gekauft und eingezogen, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen am [Endfälligkeits-
tag einfügen] (der "Endfälligkeitstag") 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity. To the extent not 
previously redeemed or repurchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
the Redemption Amount on [insert Ma-
turity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
 
 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" ist ein Betrag je 
Schuldverschreibung in Höhe des Festge-
legten Nennbetrages [im Fall von festver-
zinslichen Schuldverschreibungen zuzüg-
lich der bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung (aus-
schließlich) in Bezug auf diese Schuldver-
schreibung aufgelaufenen, aber noch nicht 
bezahlten Zinsen]. 
The "Redemption Amount" means an 
amount per Note equal to the Specified 
Denomination [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: plus any interest accrued on 
such Note to but excluding the date of re-
demption but unpaid]. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Zum Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB für das 
Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
2 
As of the date of issue of the Notes the default rate of interest for the year established by law is five percentage points above the basic 
rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
3 
Zum Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB für das 
Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
4 
As of the date of issue of the Notes the default rate of interest for the year established by law is five percentage points above the basic 
rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 41 ---
41
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach ei-
gener Wahl 
vorzeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht teil-
weise) durch Kündigungsmitteilung ge-
mäß § 4(d) unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als fünf Tagen mit Wirkung 
zu jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(wie nachstehend definiert) zu kündigen 
und an dem in der Kündigungsmitteilung 
festgelegten Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen. 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may call and redeem the Notes 
(in whole but not in part) on giving not less 
than five days' notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d) with effect as of any Optional Re-
demption Date (as defined below) at the 
Redemption Amount on the Optional Re-
demption Date specified in the notice. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption at 
the option 
of the Issuer, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
"Optionaler Rückzahlungstag" bezeich-
net  
"Optional Redemption Date" means  
 
 
[Optionale(n) Rückzahlungstag(e) einfü-
gen].1 
[insert Optional Redemption Date(s)]. 2 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(b) vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor dem Endfällig-
keitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach Maß-
gabe von § 4(c). 
(b) 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, otherwise than 
provided in § 4(c). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early re-
demption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(b), the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Eintritt eines 
Steuerereignisses und vorzeitige Rückzah-
lung wegen eines geringen ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags.  
(c) 
Early Redemption following a Tax Event 
and Early Redemption for a Minimal Out-
standing Principal Amount.  
 
 
(i) 
Bei Eintritt eines Steuerereignisses 
oder wenn zu irgendeinem Zeit-
punkt der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf 25 % oder weniger des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuld-
verschreibungen, die zuvor ausge-
geben 
wurden 
(einschließlich 
Schuldverschreibungen, die ge-
mäß § 12 zusätzlich begeben wor-
den sind), fällt, kann die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insge-
samt, jedoch nicht teilweise) durch 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) jederzeit unter Einhaltung ei-
ner Frist von nicht weniger als 15 
Tagen mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
(i) 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
or if at any time the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes out-
standing is equal to or less than 
25 per cent. of the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes previ-
ously issued (including any Notes 
additionally issued in accordance 
with § 12), the Issuer may, call and 
redeem the Notes (in whole but not 
in part) at any time upon not less 
than 15 days' prior notice in ac-
cordance with § 4(d) with effect as 
of the date fixed for redemption 
specified in the notice at the Re-
demption Amount. 
 
 
1  
Optionale(n) Rückzahlungstag(e) oder die anwendbare Beschreibung derselben einfügen, z.B. "jeden Geschäftstag ab dem [frühesten 
möglichen Optionalen Rückzahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)". 
2  
Insert Optional Redemption Date(s) or the applicable description thereof, e.g., "each Business Day during the period from and including 
[insert earliest possible Optional Redemption Date] to but excluding the Maturity Date".

--- Page 42 ---
42 
kündigen und zum Rückzahlungs-
betrag zurückzahlen.  
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, 
welches zu der Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung Zusätzlicher Beträge (wie 
in § 6 definiert) führt oder führen 
würde, darf eine Kündigungserklä-
rung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag abgegeben werden, an 
dem die Emittentin erstmals ver-
pflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge 
zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig wäre. 
In the case of a Tax Event that re-
sults in or would result in the obli-
gation to pay any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 6), no no-
tice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the 
date on which the Issuer would be 
for the first time obliged to pay any 
Additional Amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, 
welches zu der Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung Zusätzlicher Beträge (wie 
in § 6 definiert) führt oder führen 
würde, darf eine Kündigungserklä-
rung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag abgegeben werden, an 
dem die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, Zu-
sätzliche Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen oder die Garantie 
dann fällig wäre. 
In the case of a Tax Event that re-
sults in or would result in the obli-
gation to pay any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 6), no no-
tice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the 
date on which the Issuer or the 
Guarantor would be for the first 
time obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts if a payment in respect of 
the Notes or the Guarantee were 
then due. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, 
welches zum Entfall der Abzugsfä-
higkeit des Zinsaufwands führt 
oder führen würde, darf eine Kün-
digungserklärung nicht früher als 
90 Tage vor dem Tag abgegeben 
werden, an dem die Abzugsfähig-
keit des Zinsaufwands entfallen 
würde. 
In the case of a Tax Event that re-
sults in or would result in the de-
ductibility of the interest expense 
falling away, no notice of redemp-
tion may be given earlier than 90 
days prior to the date on which the 
deductibility of the interest ex-
pense would fall away. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(ii) 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn 
der Emittentin ein Gutachten einer 
anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei vor-
liegt (und die Emittentin dem Fiscal 
Agent eine Kopie davon überlässt), 
aus dem hervorgeht, dass sich auf-
grund einer Änderung oder Klar-
stellung von Gesetzen, Verordnun-
gen oder sonstigen Vorschriften 
oder aufgrund einer Änderung 
oder Klarstellung der Auslegung 
oder Anwendung oder aufgrund 
einer erstmaligen Auslegung oder 
(ii) 
A "Tax Event" occurs if an opinion 
of a recognized law firm has been 
delivered to the Issuer (and the Is-
suer has provided the Fiscal Agent 
with a copy thereof) stating that, as 
a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
laws, regulations or other rules, or 
as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as 
a result of any interpretation or ap-
plication made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 43 ---
43
Anwendung dieser Gesetze, Ver-
ordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften durch eine gesetzge-
bende Körperschaft, ein Gericht 
oder eine Behörde (einschließlich 
des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Ent-
scheidungen eines Gerichts oder 
einer Behörde) die steuerliche Be-
handlung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen ändert (insbesondere, jedoch 
nicht ausschließlich im Hinblick auf 
die steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit 
des Zinsaufwands in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zu-
sätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 6 de-
finiert)), wenn diese Änderung 
oder Klarstellung an oder nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft 
tritt (einschließlich des Falles, dass 
die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwen-
dung findet) und diese Änderung 
für die Emittentin nach eigener, be-
gründeter Auffassung der Emitten-
tin wesentlich nachteilig ist, was die 
Emittentin nicht abwenden kann, 
indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die 
sie nach Treu und Glauben für zu-
mutbar und angemessen hält. 
rules by any legislative body, court 
or authority (including the enact-
ment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any 
court or authority), which change, 
amendment or clarification be-
comes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the Notes (includ-
ing in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has ret-
roactive effect), the tax treatment 
of the Notes changes (including 
but not limited to the tax deducti-
bility of the interest expense re-
lated to the Notes or the obligation 
to pay Additional Amounts (as de-
fined in § 6)), which change, in the 
Issuer's own reasonable opinion, 
has a material adverse effect for 
the Issuer that it cannot avoid by 
taking such measures it (acting in 
good faith) deems reasonable and 
appropriate. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(ii) 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin 
ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin dem 
Fiscal Agent eine Kopie davon 
überlässt), aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass sich aufgrund einer Änderung 
oder Klarstellung von Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften oder aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung der Aus-
legung oder Anwendung oder auf-
grund einer erstmaligen Ausle-
gung oder Anwendung dieser Ge-
setze, Verordnungen oder sonsti-
gen Vorschriften durch eine gesetz-
gebende Körperschaft, ein Gericht 
oder eine Behörde (einschließlich 
des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Ent-
scheidungen eines Gerichts oder 
einer Behörde) die steuerliche Be-
(ii) 
A "Tax Event" occurs if an opinion 
of a recognized law firm has been 
delivered to the Issuer or the Guar-
antor (and the Issuer or the Guar-
antor has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating 
that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
laws, regulations or other rules, or 
as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as 
a result of any interpretation or ap-
plication made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court 
or authority (including the enact-
ment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any 
court or authority), which change, 
amendment or clarification be-
comes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the Notes (includ-
ing in case any such change, 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
handlung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder der Garantie ändert (ins-
besondere, 
jedoch 
nicht 
aus-
schließlich im Hinblick auf die steu-
erliche Abzugsfähigkeit des Zins-
aufwands in Bezug auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen oder die steuerli-
che Abzugsfähigkeit von Zahlun-
gen nach Maßgabe der Garantie 
oder die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in 
§ 6 definiert)), wenn diese Ände-
rung oder Klarstellung an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft 
tritt (einschließlich des Falles, dass 
die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwen-
dung findet) und diese Änderung 
für die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin nach eigener, begründeter Auf-
fassung der Emittentin oder der 
Garantin wesentlich nachteilig ist 
und die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin diese nachteilige Änderung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie 
Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie nach 
Treu und Glauben für zumutbar 
und angemessen hält.  
amendment or clarification has ret-
roactive effect), the tax treatment 
of the Notes or the Guarantee 
changes (including but not limited 
to the tax deductibility of the inter-
est expense related to the Notes or 
to the tax deductibility of payments 
under the Guarantee or the obliga-
tion to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6)), which change, in 
the Issuer's or the Guarantor's own 
reasonable opinion, has a material 
adverse effect for the Issuer or the 
Guarantor that it cannot avoid by 
taking such measures it (acting in 
good faith) deems reasonable and 
appropriate. 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungsmitteilung. Eine Kündigung 
nach § 4(b) oder (c) hat durch Mitteilung 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 11 zu er-
folgen und ist unwiderruflich. Die Kündi-
gungsmitteilung muss den für die Rückzah-
lung festgelegten Tag und im Falle einer 
Kündigung und Rückzahlung nach § 4(c) 
den Grund für diese Kündigung und Rück-
zahlung nennen. 
(d) 
Notice. Any notice of redemption in accord-
ance with § 4(b) or (c) shall be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 and 
shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption and, 
in case of a call and redemption in accord-
ance with § 4(c), the reason for such call 
and redemption. 
 
 
(e) 
Kein Recht der Anleihegläubiger zur Kündi-
gung oder zur Fälligstellung. Die Anleihe-
gläubiger haben außer in Fällen des § 8 
kein Recht zur Kündigung oder anderweiti-
gen Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen. 
(e) 
No Right of Termination or Acceleration by 
the Noteholders. The Noteholders shall 
have no right to terminate or otherwise ac-
celerate the redemption of the Notes oth-
erwise than provided in § 8. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(f) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin und jedes Tochter-
unternehmen der Emittentin (§ 290 Ab-
satz 1 HGB) können jederzeit und vorbe-
haltlich zwingender gesetzlicher Regelun-
gen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erwor-
bene Schuldverschreibungen können ein-
gezogen, gehalten oder wieder veräußert 
werden. 
(f) 
Repurchase. The Issuer and any subsidiary 
of the Issuer (§ 290(1) German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) (the 
"HGB")) may at any time and subject to 
mandatory provisions of law purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and 
at any price. Such purchased Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 45 ---
45
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(f) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin, die Garantin und 
jedes Tochterunternehmen der Garantin 
(§ 290 Absatz 1 HGB) können jederzeit und 
vorbehaltlich zwingender gesetzlicher Re-
gelungen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu je-
dem beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig 
erworbene Schuldverschreibungen kön-
nen eingezogen, gehalten oder wieder ver-
äußert werden. 
(f) 
Repurchase. The Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any subsidiary of the Guarantor (§ 290(1) 
HGB) may at any time and subject to man-
datory provisions of law purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such purchased Notes may be can-
celled, held or resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde gilt 
Folgendes: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital [im 
Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: und Zinsen] auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems außer-
halb der Vereinigten Staaten. [Im Fall von 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vor-
läufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, er-
folgt nach ordnungsgemäßem Nachweis 
gemäß § 1(c).] 
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: and inter-
est] on the Notes shall be made to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clear-
ing System outside the United States. [In 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: Pay-
ment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, 
upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(c).] 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital [im 
Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: und Zinsen] auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems außer-
halb der Vereinigten Staaten.  
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: and inter-
est] on the Notes shall be made to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clear-
ing System outside the United States.  
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
will be is-
sued, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
"Vereinigte Staaten" bezeichnet die Verei-
nigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of 
Columbia), deren Territorien (einschließlich 
Puerto Rico, der Amerikanischen Jungfern-
inseln, Guam, Amerikanisch-Samoa, der In-
sel Wake und der Nördlichen Marianen) 
sowie die sonstigen Gebiete, die deren 
Rechtsordnung unterliegen. 
"United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia), its possessions (in-
cluding Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands) and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung ge-
leistet. Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Bezug auf 
diese Zahlungen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zah-
lungen stehen unter dem Vorbehalt sämtli-
cher geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall 
be made in the Specified Currency. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such pay-
ments. All payments are subject to all ap-
plicable fiscal and other laws, directives 
and regulations or agreements to which 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 46 ---
46 
gesetzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien und 
Verordnungen oder Verträge, denen sich 
die Emittentin, der Fiscal Agent oder eine 
Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vorbehalt-
lich § 6 ist die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, 
Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) 
als Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die auf-
grund solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen 
gesetzlichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder 
Verordnungen oder Verträge auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, an die Anleihegläu-
biger zu zahlen. 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent have agreed to be subject to. Sub-
ject to the provisions of § 6, the Issuer shall 
not be obligated to pay to the Noteholders 
any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 6) 
as compensation for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
fiscal and other laws, regulations, directives 
or agreements. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung ge-
leistet. Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Bezug auf 
diese Zahlungen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zah-
lungen stehen unter dem Vorbehalt sämtli-
cher geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien und 
Verordnungen oder Verträge, denen sich 
die Emittentin, die Garantin, der Fiscal 
Agent oder eine Zahlstelle unterworfen ha-
ben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die Emittentin 
bzw. die Garantin nicht verpflichtet, Zusätz-
liche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) als Aus-
gleich für irgendwelche Steuern oder Ab-
gaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund sol-
cher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzli-
chen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verord-
nungen oder Verträge auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
zahlen.  
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall 
be made in the Specified Currency. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such pay-
ments. All payments are subject to all ap-
plicable fiscal and other laws, directives 
and regulations or agreements to which 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent have agreed to be 
subject to. Subject to the provisions of § 6, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guar-
antor shall not be obligated to pay to the 
Noteholders any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6) as compensation for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such fiscal and other laws, reg-
ulations, directives or agreements.  
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, für die 
die Wäh-
rungsum-
stellungs-
klausel an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Wenn [Name des EWU-Mitgliedsstaats] 
seine Staatsschulden auf eine andere 
Währung als Euro (die "Neue Währung") 
umstellt, wird mit Wirkung ab dem Tag der 
Einführung dieser Neuen Währung (der 
"Umstellungstag") die Festgelegte Wäh-
rung der Schuldverschreibungen (insge-
samt, jedoch nicht teilweise) auf die Neue 
Währung umgestellt. Die Emittentin wird 
die Umstellung unverzüglich gemäß § 11 
bekannt machen. 
If [name EMU Member State] redenomi-
nates its public debt to a currency other 
than the Euro (the "New Currency"), the 
Specified Currency of the Notes (in whole 
but not in part) shall be redenominated to 
the New Currency with effect from the day 
of introduction of such New Currency (the 
"Redenomination Date"). The Issuer shall 
give notice of such redenomination without 
undue delay (unverzüglich) in accordance 
with § 11. 
In the case 
of Notes for 
which the re-
denomina-
tion clause is 
applicable, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
Mit Wirkung ab dem Umstellungstag gilt 
jede in diesen Bedingungen enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf die Festgelegte Wäh-
rung als durch eine Bezugnahme auf die 
Neue Währung ersetzt und die Umstellung 
der Festgelegten Währung auf die Neue 
Währung als bewirkt. Die Emittentin wird 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, 
any reference in these Conditions to the 
Specified Currency shall be deemed to be 
substituted by a reference to the New Cur-
rency and the redenomination of the Spec-
ified Currency to the New Currency shall be 
deemed to have been effected. The Issuer 
shall convert the Specified Denomination

--- Page 47 ---
47
den Festgelegten Nennbetrag und alle an-
deren sich aus einer Schuldverschreibung 
ergebenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen in 
die Neue Währung konvertieren, indem sie 
den offiziell für den Zeitpunkt der Umstel-
lung der Staatsschulden auf die Neue 
Währung festgelegten Umrechnungskurs 
anwendet und die sich ergebende Zahl auf 
die nächste kleinste Einheit der Neuen 
Währung rundet (wobei 0,005 Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden). 
and any other payment obligation due un-
der a Note to the New Currency by apply-
ing the conversion rate officially fixed for 
the time of redenomination of the public 
debt and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest minimum unit of the New Cur-
rency (with 0.005 units being rounded up-
wards). 
 
Die Mitteilung über die Umstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen hat folgende An-
gaben zu enthalten: (i) die Bezeichnung 
der umzustellenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen einschließlich ihrer Wertpapierken-
nungen, (ii) die Angabe des offiziell für den 
Zeitpunkt der Umstellung der Staatsschul-
den auf die Neue Währung festgelegten 
Umrechnungskurses, (iii) den Umstellungs-
tag und (iv) ggf. Änderungen der Definition 
des Begriffs "Geschäftstag". 
The notice regarding the redenomination 
of the Notes shall contain the following in-
formation: (i) the designation of the Notes 
to be redenominated and its securities 
identification numbers, (ii) the conversion 
rate officially fixed for the time of redenom-
ination of the public debt to the New Cur-
rency, (iii) the Redenomination Date and, if 
applicable, (iv) any adjustments to the def-
inition of the term "Business Day". 
 
 
Die vor der Umstellung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen anwendbare Definition des 
Begriffs "Geschäftstag" findet auch nach 
der Umstellung auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen Anwendung, es sei denn, die Emit-
tentin legt in der Mitteilung der Umstellung 
der Schuldverschreibungen diejenige Defi-
nition des Begriffs "Geschäftstag" für die 
Schuldverschreibungen fest, die mit der 
dann bestehenden oder erwarteten Markt-
praxis für auf die Neue Währung lautende 
Schuldverschreibungen, die in internatio-
nalen Clearingsystemen gehalten werden, 
übereinstimmt.  
The definition of the term "Business Day" 
that applies to the Notes prior to the re-
denomination shall also apply to the Notes 
after the redenomination, unless the Issuer, 
in the notice regarding the redenomination 
of the Notes elects to apply to the Notes 
such definition of the term "Business Day" 
which is consistent with the then existing or 
anticipated market practice for notes is-
sued in the New Currency and held in inter-
national clearing systems.  
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leis-
tung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder an dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungs-
pflicht befreit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the Clear-
ing System. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin 
wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
(d) 
Zahlungstag. Ist der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung kein Geschäftstag, so hat der 
Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
(d) 
Payment Date. If any due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not 
a Business Day, then the Noteholder will 
not be entitled to payment until the next

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Tag, der ein Ge-
schäftstag ist. Für eine solche Zahlungsver-
zögerung werden keine weiteren Zinsen 
gezahlt. 
day which is a Business Day. No further in-
terest shall be paid in respect of the delay 
in such payment. 
 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
"Business Day" means a day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln 
und (ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisen-
märkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanz-
zentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System is 
open to effect payments and (ii) commer-
cial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in [insert all relevant finan-
cial centers]. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is not 
Euro, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), (i) an dem das Clearingsystem 
und (ii) das von dem Eurosystem betrie-
bene Real-time Gross Settlement-System 
(T2) oder ein Nachfolgesystem für die Ab-
wicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet 
sind. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System, and 
(ii) the real-time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem (T2), or any 
successor system, are open for the settle-
ment of payments in Euro. 
If the Speci-
fied Cur-
rency is 
Euro, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
(e) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen und Zinsen]. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Bedingungen auf Kapital [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen und Zinsen] in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, den Rückzahlungsbe-
trag und sämtliche gemäß § 6 zahlbaren 
Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie dort definiert) 
ein. 
(e) 
References to Principal [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: and Interest]. Ref-
erences in these Conditions to principal [in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: and 
interest] on the Notes include, to the extent 
applicable, the Redemption Amount and 
all Additional Amounts payable in accord-
ance with § 6 (as defined therein). 
 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug von Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder be-
hördlicher Gebühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steu-
ern"), die von dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, oder einer seiner Gebietskör-
perschaften oder einer zur Erhebung von Steuern 
berechtigten Behörde oder sonstigen Stelle aufer-
legt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder fest-
gesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin kraft 
Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu einem solchen Einbe-
halt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin 
zusätzliche Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") 
an die Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anlei-
hegläubiger die Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne den 
betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hät-
ten; solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will 
be paid free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or as-
sessed by the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such country 
having power to levy Taxes, unless the Issuer is com-
pelled by law to make such withholding or deduc-
tion. If the Issuer is required to make such withhold-
ing or deduction, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Note-
holders as the Noteholders would have received 
had no such withholding or deduction been re-
quired, except that no such Additional Amounts will 
be payable for any such Taxes in respect of any 
Note 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in 
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by 
reason of the relevant Noteholder having

--- Page 49 ---
49
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, 
die nicht nur aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft 
der Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzu-
behalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
some connection with the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes other than the 
mere holding of that Note; or 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichba-
ren Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung ei-
nes Erstattungsanspruches hätte vermei-
den können, aber nicht vermieden hat; 
oder 
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would have been able to avoid 
by presenting any form or certificate 
and/or making a declaration of non-resi-
dence or similar claim for exemption or re-
fund but has failed to do so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Ver-
ordnung der Europäischen Union betref-
fend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Verein-
barung, eines zwischenstaatlichen Abkom-
mens oder einer zwischenstaatlichen Ver-
ständigung über deren Besteuerung, an 
der der Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuer-
lich ansässig ist, oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzli-
chen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verord-
nung, Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder 
dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pur-
suant to (i) any European Union directive or 
regulation concerning the taxation of inter-
est income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes or the 
European Union is a party, or (iii) any provi-
sion of law implementing, or complying 
with such directive, regulation, treaty, 
agreement or understanding; or 
 
 
(d) 
die im Falle einer Kombination der vorge-
nannten Varianten einzubehalten oder ab-
zuziehen sind. 
(d) 
which are to be withheld or deducted in the 
case of any combination of the above 
items. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Be-
träge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des US-amerikanischen Internal Revenue 
Code (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder ge-
mäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß zwischen-
staatlichen Abkommen, gemäß den in einer ande-
ren Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvor-
schriften oder gemäß mit dem US-amerikanischen 
Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen 
von der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbe-
halten wurden, ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") oder Anlei-
hegläubiger anderweitig in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten.  
The Issuer will not have any obligation to pay addi-
tional amounts deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any other party in re-
lation to any withholding or deduction of any 
amounts in accordance with the rules of U.S. Inter-
nal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (as 
amended or in accordance with any successor pro-
visions), in accordance with any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these pro-
visions, or in accordance with any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA With-
holding"), or to otherwise indemnify any Note-
holder in relation to any FATCA Withholding.  
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge (einschließlich sämtlicher von der 
Garantin auf die Garantie zu zahlender Beträge) 
werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Ge-
bühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansäs-
sig ist, bzw. von dem Staat, in dem die Garantin 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes (in-
cluding all amounts to be paid by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee) will be paid free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, lev-
ied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 50 ---
50 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
steuerlich ansässig ist, oder einer deren jeweiligen 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer deren jeweiligen 
zur Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, einge-
zogen, einbehalten oder festgesetzt werden, so-
fern nicht die Emittentin oder die Garantin kraft Ge-
setzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. 
Sofern die Emittentin oder die Garantin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird 
die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin zusätzliche Be-
träge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihe-
gläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die 
Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden 
Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hätten; solche Zu-
sätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar we-
gen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen bzw. die Garantie, 
country of domicile for tax purposes or the Guaran-
tor's country of domicile for tax purposes (respec-
tively) or any of their respective political subdivi-
sions or any authority or any other agency of or in 
any such country having power to levy Taxes, unless 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is compelled by law to 
make such withholding or deduction. If the Issuer or 
the Guarantor is required to make such withholding 
or deduction, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") to the Noteholders as the 
Noteholders would have received had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note or the 
Guarantee 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, 
bzw. zu dem Staat, in dem die Garantin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur aus der 
bloßen Inhaberschaft der Schuldverschrei-
bungen besteht, einzubehalten oder abzu-
ziehen sind; oder  
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by 
reason of the relevant Noteholder having 
some connection with the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes or the Guaran-
tor's country of domicile for tax purposes 
other than the mere holding of that Note; 
or  
 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichba-
ren Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung ei-
nes Erstattungsanspruches hätte vermei-
den können, aber nicht vermieden hat; 
oder 
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would have been able to avoid 
by presenting any form or certificate 
and/or making a declaration of non-resi-
dence or similar claim for exemption or re-
fund but has failed to do so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Ver-
ordnung der Europäischen Union betref-
fend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Verein-
barung, eines zwischenstaatlichen Abkom-
mens oder einer zwischenstaatlichen Ver-
ständigung über deren Besteuerung, an 
der der Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuer-
lich ansässig ist, oder der Staat, in dem die 
Garantin steuerlich ansässig ist, oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) ei-
ner gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richt-
linie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständi-
gung oder dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten 
sind; oder 
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pur-
suant to (i) any European Union directive or 
regulation concerning the taxation of inter-
est income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes or the 
Guarantor's country of domicile for tax pur-
poses or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with such directive, regulation, 
treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
 
 
[falls auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwend-
bar, einfügen:  
[if 
applicable 
to 
the 
Notes 
insert:  
 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is re-
quired to be made pursuant to the Dutch

--- Page 51 ---
51
(d) 
die aufgrund des niederländischen Quel-
lensteuergesetzes 2021 (Wet bronbelas-
ting 2021) einzubehalten oder abzuziehen 
sind; oder] 
Withholding 
Tax 
Act 
2021 
(Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or] 
 
[(d)][(e)] die im Falle einer Kombination der vorge-
nannten Varianten einzubehalten oder ab-
zuziehen sind. 
[(d)][(e)] which are to be withheld or deducted in 
the case of any combination of the above 
items. 
 
 
Weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin sind ver-
pflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, die 
gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des US-amerikani-
schen Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils gelten-
den Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestimmun-
gen), gemäß zwischenstaatlichen Abkommen, ge-
mäß den in einer anderen Rechtsordnung in Zu-
sammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen erlasse-
nen Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit 
dem US-amerikanischen Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen Verträgen von der Emittentin bzw. 
von der Garantin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder ei-
nem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbe-
halten wurden, ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") oder Anlei-
hegläubiger anderweitig in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten.  
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts deducted or 
withheld by the Issuer or by the Guarantor, the rel-
evant Paying Agent or any other party in relation to 
any withholding or deduction of any amounts in ac-
cordance with the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (as amended or 
in accordance with any successor provisions), in ac-
cordance with any inter-governmental agreement, 
or implementing legislation adopted by another ju-
risdiction in connection with these provisions, or in 
accordance with any agreement with the U.S. Inter-
nal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"), or to 
otherwise indemnify any Noteholder in relation to 
any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegungsfrist, Verjährungsfrist 
§ 7 
Presentation Period, Prescription Period 
 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetz-
buch (BGB) für fällige Schuldverschreibun-
gen wird auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation Period. The period for presen-
tation of Notes due, as established in 
§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – BGB), is 
reduced to ten years. 
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für 
Ansprüche aus innerhalb der Vorlegungs-
frist zur Zahlung vorgelegten Schuldver-
schreibungen beträgt zwei Jahre von dem 
Ende der betreffenden Vorlegungsfrist an. 
(b) 
Prescription Period. The period for pre-
scription for claims under the Notes pre-
sented for payment during the presenta-
tion period shall be two years beginning at 
the end of the relevant presentation pe-
riod. 
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe  
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann jeder Anleihegläubiger seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Text-
form an die Emittentin, die bei der Emittentin oder 
alternativ bei dem Fiscal Agent abzugeben ist, fäl-
lig stellen. Der Mitteilung ist ein Nachweis beizufü-
gen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende An-
leihegläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Mit-
teilung Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschrei-
bung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheini-
gung der Depotbank (wie in § 14(c) definiert) oder 
auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieses Anleihegläubigers 
werden daraufhin sofort zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
fällig, ohne dass es weiterer Handlungen oder For-
malitäten bedarf: 
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
each Noteholder may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or, 
alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evi-
dence that such Noteholder at the time of such no-
tice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of its Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) or 
in any other appropriate manner, declare its Notes 
due and payable, whereupon the Notes of such 
Noteholder will become immediately due and pay-
able at the Redemption Amount without further ac-
tion or formality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin zahlt [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: Zins- oder] Kapitalbe-
träge in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen nicht innerhalb von 30 Geschäftstagen 
nach Fälligkeit; oder 
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer to pay 
any amount of [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: interest or] principal in re-
spect of the Notes within 30 Business Days 
of the due date for payment of that 
amount; or 
 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin unterlässt die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner 
sonstigen wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen, und die Unter-
lassung dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent von einem Anlei-
hegläubiger hierüber in Kenntnis gesetzt 
wurde; oder 
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obliga-
tions. The Issuer fails to duly perform any 
other material obligation under the Notes 
and any such failure continues for more 
than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent has re-
ceived notice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
(c) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(c) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin gibt ihre Zahlungs-
unfähigkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen ein; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer announces its inability to 
meet 
its 
financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or suspends 
payments; or 
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenz-
verfahren gegen die Emittentin; 
oder 
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceed-
ings against the Issuer; or  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin geht in die Liquida-
tion oder wird abgewickelt oder 
aufgelöst (sofern dies nicht für die 
Zwecke oder als Folge eines Zu-
sammenschlusses, einer Umstruk-
turierung oder Sanierung ge-
schieht, bei dem bzw. der die Emit-
tentin noch zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentlichen alle 
Vermögenswerte und Verpflich-
tungen der Emittentin übernimmt). 
(iii) 
the Issuer enters into a winding up 
or dissolution and liquidation 
(other than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, re-
organization or restructuring whilst 
solvent, where the continuing entity 
assumes substantially all of the as-
sets and obligations of the Issuer). 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann jeder Anleihegläubiger seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Text-
form an die Emittentin und die Garantin, die bei der 
Emittentin und der Garantin oder alternativ bei 
dem Fiscal Agent abzugeben ist, fällig stellen. Der 
Mitteilung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Anleihegläubiger 
zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Mitteilung Inhaber 
der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der De-
potbank (wie in § 14(c) definiert) oder auf andere 
geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Die Schuldver-
schreibungen dieses Anleihegläubigers werden 
daraufhin sofort zum Rückzahlungsbetrag fällig, 
ohne dass es weiterer Handlungen oder Formalitä-
ten bedarf: 
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
each Noteholder may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and deliv-
ered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or, alterna-
tively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evidence that 
such Noteholder at the time of such notice is a 
holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certifi-
cate of its Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) or in any 
other appropriate manner, declare its Notes due 
and payable, whereupon the Notes of such Note-
holder will become immediately due and payable 
at the Redemption Amount without further action 
or formality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 53 ---
53
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Weder die Emittentin noch 
die Garantin zahlt [im Fall von festverzins-
lichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Zins- oder] Kapitalbeträge in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb von 
30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; oder 
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by both the Issuer 
and the Guarantor to pay any amount of 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: in-
terest or] principal in respect of the Notes 
within 30 Business Days of the due date for 
payment of that amount; or 
 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin oder die Ga-
rantin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Er-
füllung irgendeiner sonstigen wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder der Garantie, und die Unterlas-
sung dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, nach-
dem der Fiscal Agent von einem Anleihe-
gläubiger hierüber in Kenntnis gesetzt 
wurde; oder 
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obliga-
tions. The Issuer or the Guarantor fails to 
duly perform any other material obligation 
under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the 
case may be, and any such failure contin-
ues for more than 60 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received notice thereof from a 
Noteholder; or 
 
 
(c) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(c) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit be-
kannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein oder die Emittentin beantragt 
ein "surseance van betaling" (im 
Sinne des niederländischen Insol-
venzrechts), oder 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor an-
nounces its inability to meet its fi-
nancial obligations (Zahlungsun-
fähigkeit) or suspends payments or 
the Issuer applies for a "surseance 
van betaling" (within the meaning 
of the bankruptcy laws of The 
Netherlands); or 
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenz-
verfahren gegen die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin; oder 
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceed-
ings against the Issuer or the Guar-
antor; or  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin 
geht in die Liquidation oder wird 
abgewickelt oder aufgelöst (sofern 
dies nicht für die Zwecke oder als 
Folge eines Zusammenschlusses, 
einer Umstrukturierung oder Sa-
nierung geschieht, bei dem bzw. 
der die Emittentin bzw. die Garan-
tin noch zahlungsfähig ist und bei 
dem bzw. der die fortführende Ge-
sellschaft im Wesentlichen alle Ver-
mögenswerte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin bzw. der Garantin 
übernimmt); oder 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor enters 
into a winding up or dissolution 
and liquidation (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganization or 
restructuring whilst solvent, where 
the continuing entity assumes sub-
stantially all of the assets and obli-
gations of the Issuer (or the Guar-
antor, as the case may be)); or 
 
 
(d) 
Unwirksamkeit der Garantie. Die Garantie 
wird mit rechtskräftiger Entscheidung eines 
zuständigen Gerichts für nicht vollumfäng-
lich wirksam erklärt oder die Garantin be-
hauptet einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit 
und dieser Mangel wird nicht innerhalb 
von zehn Geschäftstagen behoben. 
(d) 
Guarantee not in force. The Guarantee is 
determined by the final decision of a com-
petent court or is claimed by the Guarantor 
not to be in full force and effect and such 
defect is not corrected within ten Business 
Days. 
 
 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent 
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung und bezeichnete Geschäftsstel-
len. Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle und 
ihre jeweiligen anfänglich bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen sind wie folgt festgelegt: 
(a) 
Appointment and Specified Offices. The 
Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent and 
their respective initial specified offices are 
as follows:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
"Fiscal Agent" und "Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberu-
fung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (ge-
meinsam mit der vorgenannten Zahlstelle 
die "Zahlstellen" und jede eine "Zahl-
stelle") zu bestellen.  
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (to-
gether with the Paying Agent specified 
above, the "Paying Agents" and each a 
"Paying Agent").  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht 
vor, die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent und der 
Zahlstellen jederzeit zu ändern oder zu be-
enden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
(i) einen Fiscal Agent und eine Zahlstelle 
und (ii) solange die Schuldverschreibun-
gen auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an ei-
ner Börse notiert werden, soweit erforder-
lich eine Zahlstelle mit einer bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle in dem nach den Regeln 
der betreffenden Börse vorgeschriebenen 
Land unterhalten. Der Fiscal Agent und die 
Zahlstellen behalten sich das Recht vor, je-
derzeit ihre jeweilige bezeichnete Ge-
schäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeich-
nete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. Mitteilungen hinsichtlich aller 
Veränderungen im Hinblick auf den Fiscal 
Agent und die Zahlstellen oder deren be-
zeichnete Geschäftsstellen erfolgen ge-
genüber den Anleihegläubigern unverzüg-
lich durch die Emittentin gemäß § 11. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fis-
cal and a Paying Agent and (ii) so long as 
the Notes are listed on a stock exchange at 
the initiative of the Issuer, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such country as 
may be required by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange. The Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agents reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective specified offices 
to some other specified office in the same 
country. Notice of all changes in the identi-
ties or specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agents will be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders without undue 
delay (unverzüglich) in accordance with 
§ 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal 
Agent und die Zahlstelle(n) handeln aus-
schließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin 
und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern, und es 
wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhält-
nis zwischen ihnen und den Anleihegläubi-
gern begründet.  
(c) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agent(s) act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not have any obligations 
towards, nor any relationship of agency or 
trust to, any of the Noteholders. 
 
 
§ 10 
Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 10 
Issuer Substitution 
 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger eine an-
dere Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt 
von der Emittentin kontrolliert wird, als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen ergebenden Verpflichtungen mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emitten-
tin an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen 
(die "Neue Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute for 
the Issuer any other company which is di-
rectly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, 
as new issuer (the "New Issuer") in respect 
of all obligations under or in connection 
with the Notes with the effect of releasing 
the Issuer of all such obligations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 55 ---
55
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über-
nimmt und, sofern eine Zustellung 
an die Neue Emittentin außerhalb 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
erfolgen müsste, einen Zustel-
lungsbevollmächtigten in der Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the 
Notes and, if service of process vis-
à-vis the New Issuer were to be ef-
fected outside the Federal Repub-
lic of Germany, appoints a process 
agent within the Federal Republic 
of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche Beträge in der Festge-
legten Währung an das Clearing-
system oder an dessen Order zu 
zahlen, die zur Erfüllung der aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen bestehen-
den Zahlungsverpflichtungen zu 
zahlen sind, und zwar ohne Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder Art, 
die von dem Land (oder den Län-
dern), in dem (in denen) die Neue 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, 
auferlegt, eingezogen, einbehal-
ten, abgezogen, festgesetzt oder 
erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to 
pay to the Clearing System or to its 
order all amounts in the Specified 
Currency required for the perfor-
mance of the payment obligations 
under or in connection with the 
Notes, and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other du-
ties of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld, de-
ducted, assessed or charged by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile for tax 
purposes; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwi-
derruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen zu Bedingungen 
garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder Anleihegläubiger wirtschaft-
lich so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde. 
(iii) 
the Issuer unconditionally and ir-
revocably guarantees such obliga-
tions of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is as favor-
able as that which would have ex-
isted if the substitution had not 
taken place. 
 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung gemäß 
§ 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Bedingungen auf die Emit-
tentin als eine solche auf die Neue 
Emittentin. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution in ac-
cordance with § 10(a), any refer-
ence in these Conditions to the Is-
suer shall be a reference to the 
New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies 
nur gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn 
und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedin-
gung ergibt, dass die jeweilige Be-
zugnahme entweder weiterhin nur 
auf die Allianz SE erfolgen soll oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die 
Neue Emittentin und gleichzeitig 
auch auf die Allianz SE im Hinblick 
auf deren jeweilige steuerliche An-
sässigkeit und die Verpflichtungen 
der Allianz SE aus der Garantie ge-
mäß § 10(a)(iii) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt this 
shall apply only to the extent that 
the meaning and purpose of the 
relevant condition does not require 
that the relevant reference shall 
continue to be a reference only to 
Allianz SE, or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer and Alli-
anz SE, in relation to their respec-
tive domicile for tax purposes and 
to Allianz SE's obligations under 
the guarantee in accordance with 
§ 10(a)(iii), at the same time.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(ii) 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungs-
grund als aufgenommen, der dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) mit rechtskräftiger Ent-
scheidung eines zuständigen Ge-
richts für nicht vollumfänglich wirk-
sam erklärt wird oder die Garantin 
einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit be-
hauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftsta-
gen behoben wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default 
shall be deemed to have been in-
cluded; such event of default shall 
exist in the case that the Guarantee 
in accordance with § 10(a)(iii) is de-
termined by the final decision of a 
competent court or is claimed by 
the Guarantor not to be in full force 
and effect and such defect is not 
corrected within ten Business Days. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berech-
tigt, ohne Zustimmung der Anleihe-
gläubiger die Garantin oder eine 
andere Gesellschaft, die direkt 
oder indirekt von der Garantin kon-
trolliert wird, als neue Emittentin 
für alle sich aus oder im Zusam-
menhang mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen ergebenden Verpflichtun-
gen mit schuldbefreiender Wir-
kung für die Emittentin an die 
Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die 
"Neue Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for the Issuer either the 
Guarantor or any other company 
which is directly or indirectly con-
trolled by the Guarantor as new is-
suer (the "New Issuer") in respect of 
all obligations under or in connec-
tion with the Notes with the effect 
of releasing the Issuer of all such 
obligations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:  
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über-
nimmt und, sofern eine Zustellung 
an die Neue Emittentin außerhalb 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
erfolgen müsste, einen Zustel-
lungsbevollmächtigten in der Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the 
Notes and, if service of process vis-
à-vis the New Issuer were to be ef-
fected outside the Federal Repub-
lic of Germany, appoints a process 
agent within the Federal Republic 
of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche Beträge in der Festge-
legten Währung an das Clearing-
system oder an dessen Order zu 
zahlen, die zur Erfüllung der aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen bestehen-
den Zahlungsverpflichtungen zu 
zahlen sind, und zwar ohne Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder Art, 
die von dem Land (oder den Län-
dern), in dem (in denen) die Neue 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, 
auferlegt, eingezogen, einbehal-
ten, abgezogen, festgesetzt oder 
erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to 
pay to the Clearing System or to its 
order all amounts in the Specified 
Currency required for the perfor-
mance of the payment obligations 
under or in connection with the 
Notes, and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other du-
ties of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld, de-
ducted, assessed or charged by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile for tax 
purposes; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Garantin (außer in dem Fall, 
dass sie selbst die Neue Emittentin 
ist) unbedingt und unwiderruflich 
die Verpflichtungen der Neuen 
(iii) 
the Guarantor (except in the case 
that the Guarantor itself is the New 
Issuer) unconditionally and irrevo-
cably guarantees such obligations

--- Page 57 ---
57
Emittentin aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen zu Bedingungen ga-
rantiert, die sicherstellen, dass je-
der Anleihegläubiger wirtschaft-
lich so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde. 
of the New Issuer under the Notes 
on terms which ensure that each 
Noteholder will be put in an eco-
nomic position that is as favorable 
as that which would have existed if 
the substitution had not taken 
place. 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung ge-
mäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in die-
sen Bedingungen auf die Emittentin als 
eine solche auf die Neue Emittentin. 
(b) 
References. In the event of a substitution in 
accordance with § 10(a), any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall be a ref-
erence to the New Issuer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Mitteilung und Wirksamwerden der Erset-
zung. Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 mitzutei-
len. Mit der Mitteilung wird die Ersetzung 
wirksam und die Emittentin und im Fall ei-
ner wiederholten Anwendung dieses § 10 
jede frühere Neue Emittentin von ihren 
sämtlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen frei.  
(c) 
Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer shall 
be given by notice to the Noteholders in ac-
cordance with § 11. Upon such notice, the 
substitution shall become effective, and the 
Issuer and in the event of a repeated appli-
cation of this § 10, any previous New Issuer 
shall be discharged from any and all obli-
gations under the Notes.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger Wert-
papierbörse 
notiert sind, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen auf der Internet-Seite 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse.  
(a) 
Publications on the website of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange.  
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
listed on the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Ex-
change, the 
following 
applies: 
(i) 
Alle Mitteilungen, die die Schuld-
verschreibungen betreffen, werden 
vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden 
§ 11(a)(ii) auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
(derzeit www.luxse.com) veröffent-
licht, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin zum Handel an der Lu-
xemburger Wertpapierbörse zuge-
lassen sind und die Regeln der Lu-
xemburger Wertpapierbörse dies 
vorsehen. Jede solche Mitteilung 
gilt am Tag ihrer Veröffentlichung 
(oder falls sie mehr als einmal ver-
öffentlicht wird, am Tag der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam er-
folgt. 
(i) 
Subject to § 11(a)(ii) below, for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at the initiative of the Is-
suer and the rules of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange so require, 
all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change (currently www.luxse.com). 
Any such notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given 
on the day of its publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the 
day of the first such publication). 
 
(ii) 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxembur-
ger Wertpapierbörse dies zulas-
sen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröf-
fentlichung nach § 11(a)(i) durch 
eine Mitteilung nach § 11(b) erset-
zen. 
(ii) 
To the extent the rules of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange so per-
mit, the Issuer may deliver the rele-
vant notice in accordance with 
§ 11(b) instead of publication pur-
suant § 11(a)(i). 
 
 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschrei-
bungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
will deliver all notices concerning the Notes

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung seitens 
des Clearingsystems an die Anleihegläubi-
ger übermitteln.  
to the Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger. 
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen be-
treffende Mitteilung nach anwendbarem 
Recht im Bundesanzeiger bekanntzuma-
chen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich die Veröffentli-
chung der betreffenden Mitteilung durch 
die Emittentin im Bundesanzeiger. Die Ver-
öffentlichung einer solchen Mitteilung im 
Bundesanzeiger berührt nicht die Wirk-
samkeit einer Mitteilung gemäß § 11(a) 
und (b). 
(c) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). If the publication of any 
notice concerning the Notes is required to 
be made by applicable law in the German 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the rel-
evant notice shall also be published by the 
Issuer in the German Federal Gazette (Bun-
desanzeiger). The publication of any such 
notice in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) shall be without preju-
dice to the efficacy of any notice made in 
accordance with § 11(a) and (b). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die 
nicht, oder 
nicht auf 
Veranlas-
sung der 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse no-
tiert sind, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung seitens des Clearingsystems an 
die Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als wirksam ge-
genüber den Anleihegläubigern erfolgt. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
on the fifth day after the day on which the said no-
tice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
not listed or 
not listed 
at the initia-
tive of the Is-
suer, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 12 
Weitere Emissionen 
§ 12 
Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
mit gleicher Ausstattung wie die Schuldverschrei-
bungen (sofern erforderlich mit Ausnahme des Ta-
ges der Begebung [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: , des Zinslauf-
beginns] und/oder des Emissionspreises) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. Der Be-
griff "Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst im Fall ei-
ner solchen Aufstockung auch solche weiteren 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Note-
holders, issue further notes having the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes (if necessary, except 
for the date of issue [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: , the interest commencement date] 
and/or the issue price) so as to form a single series 
with the Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in the event 
of such increase, also comprise such further notes. 
 
 
§ 13 
Änderung der Bedingungen durch Be-
schluss der Anleihegläubiger; gemeinsa-
mer Vertreter[, Änderung der Garantie] 
§ 13 
Amendments to the Conditions by Reso-
lution of the Noteholders; Joint Repre-
sentative[, Amendments to the Guaran-
tee] 
 
 
(a) 
Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emitten-
tin kann die Bedingungen mit Zustimmung 
aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses der Anlei-
hegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen in der jeweils gel-
tenden Fassung (Schuldverschreibungsge-
setz – SchVG) (das "SchVG") ändern. Eine 
(a) 
Amendment to the Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Conditions with the con-
sent of a majority resolution of the Note-
holders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the Ger-
man Act on Issues of Debt Securities, as 
amended (Gesetz über Schuldverschrei-
bungen aus Gesamtemissionen – Schul-
dverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) (the

--- Page 59 ---
59
Änderung der Bedingungen ohne Zustim-
mung der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. 
"SchVG"). An amendment of the Conditions 
without the Issuer's consent is ruled out.  
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbeson-
dere einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte 
der Bedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnah-
men durch Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubi-
ger mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(b) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbe-
schluss ist für alle Anleihegläubiger ver-
bindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent 
to amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under § 5(3) 
SchVG by resolutions passed by such ma-
jority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 13(b) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung 
der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit kön-
nen die Anleihegläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstim-
mung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte fassen. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche 
Inhalt der Bedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 
9 SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von mindes-
tens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilneh-
menden Stimmrechte (eine "Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin 
oder einem mit ihr verbundenen Unterneh-
men (im Sinne des § 271 Absatz 2 Handels-
gesetzbuch (HGB)) zustehen oder für 
Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens 
gehalten 
werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements. Except as provided 
by the following sentence and provided 
that the quorum requirements are being 
satisfied, the Noteholders may pass resolu-
tions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
§ 5(3) numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, require 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the vot-
ing rights participating in the vote (a "Qual-
ified Majority") in order to be valid. The vot-
ing right is suspended as long as any Notes 
are attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of § 271(2) 
HGB) or are being held for the account of 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubi-
ger werden entweder in einer Gläubiger-
versammlung nach § 13(c)(i) oder im Wege 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 13(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der Emittentin 
oder ggf. einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the Notehold-
ers will be made either in a noteholders' 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in ac-
cordance with § 13(c)(i) or by means of a 
vote without a physical meeting (Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung) in accordance 
with § 13(c)(ii), in either case convened by 
the Issuer or a joint representative, if any.  
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Rahmen einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung werden nach §§ 9 ff. 
SchVG getroffen. Die Einberufung 
der Gläubigerversammlung regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der Be-
schlussfassung und der Abstim-
mung. In der Tagesordnung zur 
Gläubigerversammlung 
werden 
die Beschlussgegenstände sowie 
die Vorschläge zur Beschlussfas-
sung den Anleihegläubigern be-
kannt gegeben.  
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
noteholders' meeting (Gläubiger-
versammlung) will be made pursu-
ant to § 9 et seq. SchVG. The con-
vening notice of a noteholders' 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) 
will provide the further details re-
lating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject mat-
ter of the vote as well as the pro-
posed resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders in the agenda of the 
noteholders' meeting (Gläubiger-
versammlung).

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe durch den Ab-
stimmungsleiter regelt die weite-
ren Einzelheiten der Beschlussfas-
sung und der Abstimmung. Mit der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
werden die Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur Be-
schlussfassung den Anleihegläubi-
gern bekannt gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a vote without a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) will be made pursuant to 
§ 18 SchVG. The request for voting 
as submitted by the chairperson 
(Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
the further details relating to the 
resolutions and the voting proce-
dure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders to-
gether with the request for voting. 
 
 
(d) 
Zweite Versammlung. Wird die Beschluss-
fähigkeit bei der Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß § 13(c)(i) oder der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gemäß § 13(c)(ii) nicht 
festgestellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne des 
§ 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. 
(d) 
Second Meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 13(c)(i) or the vote without a physical 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versa-
mmlung) in accordance with § 13(c)(ii), the 
chairperson (Abstimmungsleiter) may con-
vene a second meeting within the meaning 
of § 15(3) sentence 3 SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist 
von einer Anmeldung der Anleihegläubi-
ger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis 
zum dritten Tag vor der Versammlung im 
Falle einer Gläubigerversammlung (wie in 
§ 13(c)(i) oder § 13(d) beschrieben) bzw. 
vor dem Beginn des Abstimmungszeit-
raums im Falle einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung (wie in § 13(c)(ii) beschrie-
ben) unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe angegebenen Anschrift zu-
gehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis 
ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere Be-
scheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank 
(wie in § 14(c) definiert) in Textform und die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depot-
bank erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für 
den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zu dem an-
gegebenen Ende der Versammlung (ein-
schließlich) bzw. dem Ende des Abstim-
mungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragen werden können. 
(e) 
Registration. The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Notehold-
ers. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day prior to the meeting 
in the case of a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) (as described in 
§ 13(c)(i) or § 13(d)) or the beginning of the 
voting period in the case of a vote without 
a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Ver-
sammlung) (as described in § 13(c)(ii)), as 
the case may be. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligi-
bility to participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their respective 
Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) hereof in 
text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable 
from and including the day such registra-
tion has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting or day the voting 
period ends, as the case may be. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläu-
biger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die Bestellung oder Abberufung eines ge-
meinsamen Vertreters, die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die Übertragung von Rechten der An-
leihegläubiger auf den gemeinsamen Ver-
treter bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines ge-
(f) 
Joint Representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the ap-
pointment or dismissal of a joint repre-
sentative, the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such joint representative 
and the transfer of the rights of the Note-
holders to the joint representative. Appoint-
ment of a joint representative may only be 
passed by a Qualified Majority if such joint

--- Page 61 ---
61
meinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifi-
zierten Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt wer-
den soll, Änderungen des wesentlichen In-
halts der Bedingungen gemäß § 13(a) zu-
zustimmen. 
representative is to be authorized to con-
sent to a material change in the substance 
of the Conditions in accordance with 
§ 13(a). 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufga-
ben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Ge-
setz oder von den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Weisun-
gen der Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. So-
weit der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Gel-
tendmachung von Rechten der Anleihe-
gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die Anleihe-
gläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendma-
chung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn, der entsprechende Mehrheitsbe-
schluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über 
seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertre-
ter den Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. 
Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have the du-
ties and powers provided by law or granted 
by majority resolution of the Noteholders. 
The joint representative shall comply with 
the instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent that the joint representative has 
been authorized to assert certain rights of 
the Noteholders, the Noteholders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The joint representative 
shall provide reports to the Noteholders on 
its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the dismissal and the 
other rights and obligations of the joint rep-
resentative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Ver-
gütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem ge-
meinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
willful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negli-
gence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint rep-
resentative's liability shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remunera-
tion. 
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen. Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 13 erfolgen gemäß 
den §§ 5ff. SchVG. 
(g) 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 13 
will be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. 
of the SchVG. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufge-
führten auf die Änderung der Bedingun-
gen anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß für Änderungen der Bedingun-
gen einer etwaigen Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) Anwendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Conditions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to amendments of the 
terms of any guarantee given in accord-
ance with § 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufge-
führten auf die Änderung der Bedingun-
gen anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß für Änderungen der Bedingun-
gen der Garantie und der Bedingungen ei-
ner etwaigen Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) 
Anwendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Conditions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to amendments of the 
terms of the Guarantee and the terms of 
any guarantee given in accordance with 
§ 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 14 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand  
§ 14 
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction 
 
 
(a) 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich da-
(a) 
Applicable Law. The form and the content 
of the Notes as well as all the rights and du-

--- Page 62 ---
62 
raus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten be-
stimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
und sind entsprechend auszulegen. 
ties arising therefrom are exclusively gov-
erned by, and construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen mit 
einem Fest-
gelegten 
Nennbetrag 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines aus-
schließlichen Gerichtsstandes für beson-
dere rechtliche Streitigkeiten im Zusam-
menhang mit dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am 
Main nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand 
für sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehen-
den Klagen oder sonstigen Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG, non-exclusive 
court of venue for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes is Frankfurt 
am Main. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with a 
Specified 
Denomina-
tion of less 
than EUR 
100,000, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen mit 
einem Fest-
gelegten 
Nennbetrag 
von mindes-
tens EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines aus-
schließlichen Gerichtsstandes für beson-
dere rechtliche Streitigkeiten im Zusam-
menhang mit dem SchVG ist ausschließlich 
das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland zuständig für 
sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen oder sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechts-
streitigkeiten"). 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG, the regional 
court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany, shall be the 
exclusive court of venue for any action or 
other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with a 
Specified 
Denomina-
tion of at 
least EUR 
100,000, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechts-
streitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in je-
der Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Anleihe-
gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschrei-
bungen im eigenen Namen geltend zu ma-
chen gegen Vorlage  
(c) 
Judicial Enforcement. Any Noteholder may 
in any Proceedings against the Issuer or to 
which the Noteholder and the Issuer are 
parties enforce in its own name its rights 
arising under such Notes upon presenta-
tion of  
 
 
(i) 
einer Bescheinigung der Depot-
bank, die (A) den vollen Namen 
und die volle Anschrift des Anlei-
hegläubigers bezeichnet, (B) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag von Schuld-
verschreibungen angibt, die am 
Ausstellungstag dieser Bescheini-
gung den bei dieser Depotbank 
bestehenden Depots dieses Anlei-
hegläubigers gutgeschrieben sind, 
und (C) bestätigt, dass die Depot-
bank dem Clearingsystem und 
dem Fiscal Agent eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung zugeleitet hat, die die 
Angaben gemäß Buchstaben (A) 
und (B) enthält und Bestätigungs-
vermerke des Clearingsystems so-
wie des jeweiligen Clearingsystem-
Kontoinhabers trägt; und 
(i) 
a certificate issued by the Custo-
dian( A) stating the full name and 
address 
of 
the 
Noteholder, 
(B) specifying the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of Notes credited on 
the date of such statement to such 
Noteholder's securities account(s) 
maintained with such Custodian 
and (C) confirming that the Custo-
dian has given a written notice to 
the Clearing System as well as to 
the Fiscal Agent containing the in-
formation specified in clauses (A) 
and (B) and bearing acknowl-
edgements of the Clearing System 
and the relevant Clearing System 
accountholder; and

--- Page 63 ---
63
 
(ii) 
einer Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbrie-
fenden 
Globalurkunde, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Origi-
nal eine vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearingsystems oder 
des Fiscal Agent bestätigt hat[; 
und][,] 
(ii) 
a copy of the Global Note repre-
senting the relevant Notes certified 
as being a true copy by an author-
ized officer the Clearing System or 
of the Fiscal Agent[; and][,] 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen mit 
einem Fest-
gelegten 
Nennbetrag 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(iii) 
eines anderen, in Rechtsstreitigkei-
ten in dem Land der Geltendma-
chung zulässigen Beweismittels, 
(iii) 
any other means of evidence per-
mitted in legal proceedings in the 
country of enforcement, 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with a 
Specified 
Denomina-
tion of less 
than EUR 
100,000, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen ver-
briefenden Globalurkunde in einer solchen 
Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. 
without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the 
Global Note representing the Notes. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeich-
net "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sons-
tiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das be-
rechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungs-
geschäft zu betreiben, und bei der/dem 
der Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institu-
tion of recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business with 
which the Noteholder maintains a securi-
ties account in respect of the Notes and 
which includes the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(d) 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigte. Für etwaige 
Gerichtsverfahren, die zwischen den Anlei-
hegläubigern und der Emittentin vor Ge-
richten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
geführt werden, hat die Emittentin die Alli-
anz 
SE, 
München, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, zur Zustellungsbevollmäch-
tigten bestellt. 
(d) 
Agent for service of process. For litigation, if 
any, between the Noteholders and the Is-
suer which is brought before courts in the 
Federal Republic of Germany, the Issuer 
has appointed Allianz SE, Munich, Federal 
Republic of Germany, as agent for service 
of process. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Falls die Bedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ab-
gefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Conditions are in German with an English 
translation, insert: 
 
 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
 
 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache ab-
gefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
These Conditions are written in the German lan-
guage and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
non-binding.]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
OPTION II 
Anleihebedingungen für in Euro denominierte,  
variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION II 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Euro denominated Floating Rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegter Nennbetrag, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; Festgelegter Nennbetrag. Die [Al-
lianz SE] [Allianz Finance II B.V.] [Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V.] (die "Emittentin") begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen in Euro (die "Festge-
legte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
EUR [Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen" und 
jeweils eine "Schuldverschreibung") im fest-
gelegten Nennbetrag von EUR [Betrag] je 
Schuldverschreibung 
(der 
"Festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination. The 
Notes are issued by [Allianz SE] [Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V.] [Allianz Finance III B.V.] (the "Is-
suer") in Euro (the "Specified Currency"), in 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
EUR [amount], divided into notes (the 
"Notes" and each a "Note") in the specified 
denomination of EUR [amount] per Note 
(the "Specified Denomination").  
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden von der 
Allianz SE, München (die "Garantin") garan-
tiert. 
The Notes are guaranteed by Allianz SE, Mu-
nich (the "Guarantor"). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
(b) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form. The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind zunächst in einer vorläufigen Globalur-
kunde (die "Vorläufige Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are initially repre-
sented by a temporary global Note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without interest 
coupons. 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird (insge-
samt oder teilweise und unentgeltlich) an 
oder nach dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag des Beginns des Angebots liegt, gegen 
Nachweis über das Nichtbestehen wirt-
schaftlichen US-Eigentums (non-U.S. benefi-
cial ownership) in der in der Vorläufigen Glo-
balurkunde vorgesehenen Form, gegen eine 
dauerhafte Globalurkunde (die "Dauer-Glo-
balurkunde") (die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauer-Globalurkunde jeweils auch 
eine "Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
ausgetauscht. Ein Recht der Anleihegläubi-
ger (wie nachstehend definiert) auf Ausgabe 
und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden oder Zins-
scheinen besteht nicht. 
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable (in whole or in part and free of 
charge) on or after the day that is 40 days af-
ter the later of the commencement of the of-
fering and the date of issue of the Notes for 
a permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") (the Temporary Global Note 
and the Permanent Global Note, each a 
"Global Note") without interest coupons 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Tempo-
rary Global Note. The right of the Notehold-
ers (as defined below) to require the issue 
and delivery of definitive notes or interest 
coupons is excluded. 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind durch eine dauerhafte Globalurkunde 
(die "Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine ver-
brieft. 
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are represented by a 
permanent global Note (the "Global Note") 
without interest coupons. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
will be is-
sued, the

--- Page 65 ---
65
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde gilt 
Folgendes: 
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde wer-
den solange von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Auftrag des Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt wur-
den. 
(d) 
Clearing System. Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note will be held in custody by or on behalf 
of the Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satis-
fied. 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde wird so-
lange von dem Clearingsystem oder im Auf-
trag des Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämt-
liche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt wurden. 
(d) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will be 
held in custody by or on behalf of the Clear-
ing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
will be is-
sued, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global Note, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde [falls die Globalur-
kunden im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, einfügen: werden bei einer gemein-
samen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt und] tra-
gen jeweils die eigenhändigen oder faksimi-
lierten Unterschriften von zwei Vertretungs-
berechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigen-
händige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauf-
tragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note [if the Global Notes are 
kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs, in-
sert: are kept in custody by a common de-
positary on behalf of both ICSDs and] shall 
each bear the handwritten or facsimile sig-
natures of two duly authorized officers of the 
Issuer as well as the handwritten signature of 
an authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note in 
Classical 
Global Note 
Form, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global Note 
emittiert 
wird, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Die Globalurkunde [falls die Globalur-
kunde im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt wird, 
einfügen: wird bei einer gemeinsamen Ver-
wahrstelle (common depositary) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt und] trägt jeweils die 
eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsberechtigten 
der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Un-
terschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten des Fis-
cal Agent. 
The Global Note [if the Global Note is kept 
in custody on behalf of the ICSDs, insert: is 
kept in custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs and] shall bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of two 
duly authorized officers of the Issuer as well 
as the handwritten signature of an authenti-
cation officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
in Classical 
Global Note 
Form will be 
issued, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note ausge-
geben wer-
den und bei 
denen zu-
nächst eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und von einem gemeinsamen Wertpapier-
verwahrer (common safekeeper) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of Notes in-
tended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form where 
a Temporary 
Global Note 
is issued, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time en-
tered in the records of both ICSDs. The rec-
ords of the ICSDs (which expression means 
the records that each ICSD holds for its cus-

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssi-
ger Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und zu diesen Zwe-
cken ist eine von einem ICSD jeweils ausge-
stellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
tomers which reflect the amount of such cus-
tomers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement is-
sued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung be-
züglich der durch die Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelhei-
ten über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunde entsprechend in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag 
der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenomme-
nen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. ge-
kauften und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest payment be-
ing made in respect of, or purchase and can-
cellation of, any of the Notes represented by 
the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such redemption, payment or pur-
chase and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of the Global Note shall be en-
tered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and rep-
resented by the Global Note shall be re-
duced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch lediglich eines Anteils von 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelhei-
ten dieses Austauschs entsprechend in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered accordingly 
in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen oder faksimilierten Unter-
schriften von zwei Vertretungsberechtigten 
der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift eines Kontrollbe-
auftragten des Fiscal Agent und die eigen-
händige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsa-
men Wertpapierverwahrers (common sa-
fekeeper).  
The Temporary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note shall each bear the hand-
written or facsimile signatures of two duly 
authorized officers of the Issuer as well as 
the handwritten or facsimile signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent 
and the handwritten or facsimile signature of 
an authorized officer of the common safe-
keeper. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note ausge-
geben wer-
den und bei 
denen nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und von einem gemeinsamen Wertpapier-
verwahrer (common safekeeper) im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of Notes in-
tended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form where 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
is issued, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time en-
tered in the records of both ICSDs. The rec-
ords of the ICSDs (which expression means

--- Page 67 ---
67
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssi-
ger Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und zu diesen Zwe-
cken ist eine von einem ICSD jeweils ausge-
stellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
the records that each ICSD holds for its cus-
tomers which reflect the amount of such cus-
tomers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement is-
sued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung be-
züglich der durch die Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelhei-
ten über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunde entsprechend in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag 
der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenomme-
nen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. ge-
kauften und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest payment be-
ing made in respect of, or purchase and can-
cellation of, any of the Notes represented by 
the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such redemption, payment or pur-
chase and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of the Global Note shall be en-
tered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and rep-
resented by the Global Note shall be re-
duced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 
Die Globalurkunde trägt jeweils die eigen-
händigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von zwei Vertretungsberechtigten der Emit-
tentin sowie die eigenhändige oder faksimi-
lierte Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftrag-
ten des Fiscal Agent und die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift eines bevoll-
mächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers (common safekee-
per). 
The Global Note shall bear the handwritten 
or facsimile signatures of two duly author-
ized officers of the Issuer as well as the hand-
written or facsimile signature of an authenti-
cation officer of the Fiscal Agent and the 
handwritten or facsimile signature of an au-
thorized officer of the common safekeeper. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("Clearstream, Frankfurt")][,] [und] [Clear-
stream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxem-
burg, ("Clearstream, Luxemburg")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Al-
bert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien, ("Euroclear")] 
[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] oder deren Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: 
each of] the following: [Clearstream Bank-
ing AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Esch-
born, Federal Republic of Germany ("Clear-
stream, Frankfurt")] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg")] [and] [Euro-
clear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear")] 
[(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] or 
any successor in capacity thereof. 
 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger. Den Inhabern von Schuld-
verschreibungen (die "Anleihegläubiger") 
(e) 
Noteholders. The holders of Notes (the 
"Noteholders") are entitled to co-ownership

--- Page 68 ---
68 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleich-
bare andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde 
zu, die gemäß anwendbarem Recht und den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des Clearingsys-
tems übertragen werden können. 
participations or other comparable rights in 
the Global Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws and the 
rules and regulations of the Clearing System. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
(a) 
Status der Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht be-
sicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlich-
keiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und 
mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit zwin-
gende gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts an-
deres vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes. The Notes constitute un-
secured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu among them-
selves and pari passu with all other unse-
cured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for any obligations required to be 
preferred by mandatory law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den Anleihebe-
dingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Bedingungen") zahlbaren Beträge an das 
Clearingsystem gezahlt worden sind, für Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachste-
hend definiert), einschließlich dafür über-
nommener Garantien und sonstiger Ge-
währleistungen, keine Sicherheiten an ihrem 
inländischen Grundvermögen zu bestellen, 
ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur glei-
chen Zeit oder vorher und mit gleichem 
Rang zu besichern.  
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes are out-
standing, but only up to the time at which all 
amounts payable under the terms and con-
ditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") have 
been paid to the Clearing System, not to pro-
vide any security on its domestic real prop-
erty for any Capital Market Indebtedness (as 
defined below), including any guarantees or 
other indemnities assumed in respect 
thereof, without securing the Notes at the 
same time or prior thereto and with an equal 
ranking therewith.  
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) nach anwendbarem Recht 
vorgeschrieben sind oder (ii) im Zusammen-
hang mit staatlichen Genehmigungen ver-
langt werden. Eine nach dem ersten Satz zu 
leistende Sicherheit kann auch gegenüber 
einem Treuhänder der Anleihegläubiger be-
stellt werden. 
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to security (i) which 
is mandatory according to applicable laws, 
or (ii) which is required as a prerequisite for 
governmental approvals. Any security which 
is to be provided pursuant to the first sen-
tence may also be provided to a trustee on 
behalf of the Noteholders. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeich-
net alle gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder eines 
Dritten in der Form von Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder ähnlichen Instrumenten mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an einem ande-
ren Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt werden 
können. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
indebtedness, present or future, of the Issuer 
or any third party in the form of bonds or sim-
ilar instruments with an original maturity of 
more than one year, which can be traded on 
any stock exchange or other securities mar-
ket. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
§ 2 
Status, Negativerklärung und Garantie  
§ 2 
Status, Negative Pledge and Guarantee  
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
(a) 
Status der Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen (vorbe-
haltlich der Garantie (wie nachstehend defi-
(a) 
Status of the Notes. The Notes constitute 
(subject to the Guarantee (as defined be-
low)) unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer ranking pari passu

--- Page 69 ---
69
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
niert)) nicht besicherte und nicht nachran-
gige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche Bestim-
mungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer, save for any obligations 
required to be preferred by mandatory law. 
following 
applies: 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den Anleihebe-
dingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Bedingungen") zahlbaren Beträge an das 
Clearingsystem gezahlt worden sind, für Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie nachste-
hend definiert), einschließlich dafür über-
nommener Garantien und sonstiger Ge-
währleistungen, keine Grundpfandrechte, 
Mobiliarpfandrechte oder sonstige dingliche 
Besicherungen gleich welcher Art an ihren 
derzeitigen oder zukünftigen Erträgen oder 
Vermögensgegenständen zu bestellen oder 
deren Aufrechterhaltung zu gestatten, ohne 
die Schuldverschreibungen zur gleichen Zeit 
oder vorher und mit gleichem Rang zu besi-
chern. 
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes are out-
standing, but only up to the time at which all 
amounts payable under the terms and con-
ditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") have 
been paid to the Clearing System, not to cre-
ate or permit to subsist, any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance 
upon any or all of its present or future reve-
nues or assets for any Capital Market Indebt-
edness (as defined below), including any 
guarantees or other indemnities assumed in 
respect thereof, without securing the Notes 
at the same time or prior thereto and with an 
equal ranking therewith.  
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) nach anwendbarem Recht 
vorgeschrieben sind oder (ii) im Zusammen-
hang mit staatlichen Genehmigungen ver-
langt werden. Eine nach dem ersten Satz zu 
leistende Sicherheit kann auch gegenüber 
einem Treuhänder der Anleihegläubiger be-
stellt werden. 
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to security (i) which 
is mandatory according to applicable laws, 
or (ii) which is required as a prerequisite for 
governmental approvals. Any security which 
is to be provided pursuant to the first sen-
tence may also be provided to a trustee on 
behalf of the Noteholders. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeich-
net alle gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, der Garan-
tin oder eines Dritten in der Form von Schuld-
verschreibungen oder ähnlichen Instrumen-
ten mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von 
mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder 
an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehan-
delt werden können. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
indebtedness, present or future, of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any third party in the form 
of bonds or similar instruments with an origi-
nal maturity of more than one year, which 
can be traded on any stock exchange or 
other securities market. 
 
 
(c) 
Garantie. Die Garantin hat die unbedingte 
und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die fristge-
rechte Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen und 
sonstigen auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträgen gemäß einer Garantie 
vom 23. Mai 2024 (die "Garantie") übernom-
men. Die Garantie ist ein Vertrag zugunsten 
jedes Anleihegläubigers als begünstigtem 
Dritten gem. § 328 Absatz°1 Bürgerliches Ge-
setzbuch (BGB), der das Recht begründet, 
die Garantin unmittelbar aus der Garantie 
auf Erfüllung in Anspruch zu nehmen und 
(c) 
Guarantee. The Guarantor has given an un-
conditional and irrevocable guarantee pur-
suant to a guarantee dated 23 May 2024 
(the "Guarantee") for the due payment of 
principal of, and interest on, and any other 
amounts expressed to be payable under the 
Notes. The Guarantee constitutes a contract 
for the benefit of the Noteholders from time 
to time as third-party beneficiaries in accord-
ance with § 328(1) of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – BGB), giving rise 
to the right of each Noteholder to require

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Ansprüche aus der Garantie gegen die Ga-
rantin unmittelbar durchzusetzen. Bei Erfül-
lung von Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
oder der Garantin zugunsten eines Anlei-
hegläubigers erlischt das betreffende ga-
rantierte Recht dieses Anleihegläubigers aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
performance under the Guarantee directly 
from the Guarantor and to enforce the Guar-
antee directly against the Guarantor. Upon 
discharge of any obligations of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor subsisting thereunder in favor 
of any Noteholder, the relevant guaranteed 
right of such Noteholder under the Notes 
shall cease to exist. 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Zinszahlungstage. Jede Schuldverschrei-
bung wird bezogen auf ihren Festgelegten 
Nennbetrag ab dem [Zinslaufbeginn einfü-
gen] (der "Zinslaufbeginn") (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (wie nach-
stehend definiert) (ausschließlich) und da-
nach von jedem Zinszahlungstag (ein-
schließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) (jeder solche 
Zeitraum eine "Zinsperiode") mit einem jähr-
lichen Satz, der dem Zinssatz (wie nachste-
hend definiert) entspricht, verzinst. Die Zin-
sen für jede Zinsperiode sind nachträglich an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag zu zahlen. Der zu 
zahlende Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(e) be-
rechnet. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates. Each Note bears in-
terest on its Specified Denomination at the 
rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest 
(as defined below) from and including [in-
sert Interest Commencement Date] (the "In-
terest Commencement Date") to but ex-
cluding the first Interest Payment Date (as 
defined below) and thereafter from and in-
cluding each Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next following Interest Pay-
ment Date (each such period, an "Interest 
Period"). Interest for each Interest Period will 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Pay-
ment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with 
§ 3(e). 
 
 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet, vorbehaltlich 
der Geschäftstagekonvention, [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage und gegebenenfalls ers-
ten kurzen oder langen Kupon einfügen] ei-
nes jeden Jahres. Der erste Zinszahlungstag 
ist vorbehaltlich der Geschäftstagekonven-
tion der [●]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means, subject to 
the Business Day Convention, [insert speci-
fied Interest Payment Dates and if applica-
ble, any short or long first coupon] in each 
year. The first Interest Payment Date will be 
[●], subject to the Business Day Convention. 
 
 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" hat die fol-
gende Bedeutung: Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag 
auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, dann wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalender-
monat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zins-
zahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausge-
henden Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
"Business Day Convention" has the follow-
ing meaning: If any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), the Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the imme-
diately preceding Business Day. 
 
 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (x) 
das Clearingsystem und (y) das von dem Eu-
rosystem betriebene Real-time Gross Settle-
ment-System (T2) oder ein Nachfolgesystem 
für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro 
geöffnet sind. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (x) the 
Clearing System and (y) the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosys-
tem (T2), or any successor system, are open 
for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 
 
(b) 
Zinssatz. Der "Zinssatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
ist ein Zinssatz per annum, der dem Refe-
renzsatz (wie in § 3(c) definiert) [[zuzüglich] 
(b) 
Rate of Interest. The "Rate of Interest" for 
each Interest Period will be an interest rate 
per annum equal to the Reference Rate (as 
defined in § 3(c)) [[plus] [minus] the Margin 
(as defined below)], subject to a minimum

--- Page 71 ---
71
[abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend de-
finiert)] entspricht, wobei der Zinssatz min-
destens 0,00 % per annum beträgt. 
for the Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. per 
annum. 
 
["Marge" bezeichnet [Zahl einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
["Margin" means [insert number] per cent. 
per annum.] 
 
 
(c) 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. Die Berech-
nungsstelle bestimmt an jedem Zinsfestset-
zungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) den 
betreffenden Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe 
dieses § 3(c). In diesem § 3(c) verwendete 
Begriffe haben die in diesem § 3(c) oder in 
§ 3(d) festgelegten Bedeutungen. 
(c) 
Determination of the Reference Rate. The 
Calculation Agent will determine the rele-
vant Reference Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(c) on each Interest Determination Date 
(as defined below). Terms used in this § 3(c) 
have the meanings set out in this § 3(c) or in 
§ 3(d). 
 
 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird 
wie folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Pe-
riod will be determined as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor dem Ein-
tritt des jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in 
§ 3(d)(vii) definiert) beginnt, entspricht 
der Referenzsatz dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(i) 
For each Interest Period beginning 
prior to the occurrence of the relevant 
Effective 
Date 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(d)(vii)), the Reference Rate will be 
equal to the Original Benchmark Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date.  
 
 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmark-
satz zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, entspricht der Refe-
renzsatz dem Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an 
dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestset-
zungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngli-
che Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does 
not appear on the Screen Page as at 
the relevant time on the relevant Inter-
est Determination Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be equal to the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page 
on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original Benchmark Rate was dis-
played.  
 
 
(ii) 
Für die Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar 
nach dem jeweiligen Stichtag beginnt, 
und alle folgenden Zinsperioden wird 
der Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(d) be-
stimmt. 
(ii) 
For the Interest Period commencing 
immediately after the relevant Effec-
tive Date and all following Interest Pe-
riods, the Reference Rate will be deter-
mined in accordance with § 3(d). 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet die LSEG-Bild-
schirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von der London Stock 
Exchange Group plc oder von einem ande-
ren Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche 
die 
LSEG-Bildschirmseite 
EURI-
BOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the LSEG screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of 
London Stock Exchange Group plc or such 
other information service which is the succes-
sor to the LSEG screen page EURIBOR01. 
 
 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an 
dem das von dem Eurosystem betriebene 
Real-time Gross Settlement-System (T2) 
oder ein Nachfolgesystem für die Abwick-
lung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.  
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the 
real-time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem (T2), or any successor sys-
tem, is open for the settlement of payments 
in Euro.  
 
 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem 
Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich § 3(d)) die [1 / 
3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-Euro-Interbank-Offered-
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day 
means (subject to § 3(d)) the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-
month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (ex-
pressed as a percentage rate per annum)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per an-
num), die an dem betreffenden Tag um 
11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) festgesetzt 
und auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
fixed at, and appearing on the Screen Page 
as of, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day. 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zwei-
ten T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweili-
gen Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second T2 Business Day prior to the com-
mencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls ein kur-
zer oder lan-
ger erster 
Kupon vor-
liegt und In-
terpolation 
anzuwen-
den ist, gilt 
Folgendes 
Für die erste Zinsperiode legt die Berech-
nungsstelle den Referenzsatz am Zinsfest-
setzungstag in kaufmännisch vernünftiger 
Weise durch lineare Interpolation zwischen 
zwei Referenzzinssätzen fest, von denen (i) 
der eine Referenzzinssatz für einen Zeitraum 
zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem Refe-
renzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzzinssatz 
gibt und der der Länge der anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, aber kür-
zer als diese ist, und (ii) der andere Referenz-
zinssatz für einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, 
für den es einen dem Referenzsatz vergleich-
baren Referenzzinssatz gibt und der der 
Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode am 
nächsten kommt, aber länger als diese ist. 
In respect of the first Interest Period, the Ref-
erence Rate shall be determined by the Cal-
culation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonable manner 
using the straight-line interpolation by refer-
ence to two reference rates, (i) one of which 
shall be determined for a term for which a 
reference rate similar to the Reference Rate 
is available and which is next closest to but 
shorter than the applicable Interest Period 
and (ii) the other of which shall be deter-
mined for a term for which a reference rate 
similar to the Reference Rate is available 
and which is next closest to but longer than 
the applicable Interest Period. 
If a 
short/long 
first coupon 
is applicable 
and interpo-
lation is ap-
plicable, the 
following 
applies 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis (wie in §°3(d)(vi) definiert) in 
Bezug auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmark-
satz eintritt, gilt für die Bestimmung des be-
treffenden Referenzsatzes und die Verzin-
sung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 
Folgendes: 
(d) Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in § 3(d)(vi)) occurs in relation to 
the Original Benchmark Rate, the relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes 
in accordance with § 3 will be determined as 
follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin 
wird sich bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach Eintritt 
des Benchmark-Ereignisses und vor 
dem nächsten Zinsfestsetzungstag er-
forderlich ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater (wie in § 3(d)(vi) definiert) zu 
benennen, der einen Neuen Bench-
marksatz (wie in § 3(d)(vi) definiert), 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(d)(vi) 
definiert) 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(d)(iv) definiert) festlegt. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, 
as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, en-
deavor to appoint an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in § 3(d)(vi)), who 
will determine a New Benchmark 
Rate (as defined in § 3(d)(vi)), the Ad-
justment Spread (as defined in 
§ 3(d)(vi)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in § 3(d)(iv)). 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). Wenn vor 
dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem betref-
fenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date,  
If Issuer de-
termination 
is not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 73 ---
73
 
(A) 
die Emittentin keinen Unabhän-
gigen Berater ernannt hat; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an 
Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(B) 
der von ihr ernannte Unabhän-
gige Berater keinen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, keine Anpas-
sungsspanne und/oder keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(so-
fern erforderlich) gemäß die-
sem § 3(d) festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser ap-
pointed by it has not deter-
mined a New Benchmark Rate, 
has not determined the Adjust-
ment Spread and/or has not de-
termined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) in ac-
cordance with this § 3(d), 
 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
die nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem 
letzten, unmittelbar vor Eintritt des re-
levanten Stichtags liegenden Zinsfest-
setzungstag festgestellten Referenz-
satz. 
then the Reference Rate applicable to 
the immediately following Interest Pe-
riod shall be the Reference Rate deter-
mined on the last Interest Determina-
tion Date immediately preceding the 
relevant Effective Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). Wenn vor 
dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem jeweili-
gen Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
(A) 
die Emittentin keinen Unabhän-
gigen Berater ernannt hat; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an 
Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(B) 
der von ihr ernannte Unabhän-
gige Berater keinen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, keine Anpas-
sungsspanne und/oder keine 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(so-
fern erforderlich) gemäß die-
sem § 3(d) festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser ap-
pointed by it has not deter-
mined a New Benchmark Rate, 
has not determined the Adjust-
ment Spread and/or has not de-
termined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) in ac-
cordance with this § 3(d), 
 
 
dann ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach billigem Ermessen den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungs-
spanne und etwaige Benchmark-Än-
derungen festzulegen. 
then the Issuer may, using reasonable 
discretion, determine the New Bench-
mark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments. 
 
 
Wenn die Emittentin vor dem 10. Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungstag 
ebenfalls 
keinen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz gemäß die-
sem § 3(d) festgelegt hat, dann ent-
spricht der Referenzsatz für die 
nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem letz-
ten, unmittelbar vor Eintritt des rele-
vanten Stichtags liegenden Zinsfest-
setzungstag festgestellten Referenz-
satz. 
If the Issuer also has not determined a 
New Benchmark Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(d) prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Refer-
ence Rate applicable to the immedi-
ately following Interest Period shall be 
the Reference Rate determined on the 
last Interest Determination Date im-
mediately preceding the relevant Ef-
fective Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(d)(ii) be-
stimmte Ausweichsatz (Fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(d) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
If the fallback rate determined in ac-
cordance with this § 3(d)(ii) is to be ap-
plied, § 3(d) will be operated again to

--- Page 74 ---
74 
die nächste nachfolgende Zinsperi-
ode (und, sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode(n)) zu be-
stimmen.  
determine the Reference Rate appli-
cable to the next subsequent Interest 
Period (and, if required, further subse-
quent Interest Period(s)). 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder Al-
ternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls der Un-
abhängige Berater nach billigem Er-
messen feststellt,  
(iii) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alter-
native Benchmark Rate. If the Inde-
pendent Adviser determines in its rea-
sonable discretion that: 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder Al-
ternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls der Un-
abhängige Berater bzw. die Emitten-
tin nach billigem Ermessen feststellt,  
(iii) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alter-
native Benchmark Rate. If the Inde-
pendent Adviser or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines in its reason-
able discretion that: 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser Nachfolge-Benchmark-
satz der Neue Benchmarksatz; 
oder 
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be the 
New Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
(B) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz, aber einen Al-
ternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz. 
(B) 
there is no Successor Bench-
mark Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
then such Alternative Bench-
mark Rate shall be the New 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der Refe-
renzsatz für die unmittelbar nach dem 
Stichtag beginnende Zinsperiode und 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden dann 
(x) dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestset-
zungstag zuzüglich (y) der Anpas-
sungsspanne. 
In either case the Reference Rate for 
the Interest Period commencing im-
mediately after the Effective Date and 
all following Interest Periods will then 
be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein 
Neuer Benchmarksatz und die ent-
sprechende Anpassungsspanne ge-
mäß diesem § 3(d) festgelegt werden 
und wenn der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass 
Änderungen dieser Bedingungen not-
wendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung des Neuen Benchmark-
satzes und der entsprechenden An-
passungsspanne zu gewährleisten 
(diese Änderungen die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der Unab-
hängige Berater die Benchmark-Än-
derungen feststellen. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread are determined in 
accordance with this § 3(d), and if the 
Independent Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that amend-
ments to these Conditions are neces-
sary to ensure the proper operation of 
such New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Independent 
Adviser will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments. 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 75 ---
75
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein 
Neuer Benchmarksatz und die ent-
sprechende Anpassungsspanne ge-
mäß diesem § 3(d) festgelegt werden 
und wenn der Unabhängige Berater 
bzw. die Emittentin nach billigem Er-
messen feststellt, dass Änderungen 
dieser Bedingungen notwendig sind, 
um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes und der 
entsprechenden Anpassungsspanne 
zu gewährleisten (diese Änderungen 
die "Benchmark-Änderungen"), dann 
wird der Unabhängige Berater bzw. 
die Emittentin die Benchmark-Ände-
rungen feststellen. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread are determined in 
accordance with this § 3(d), and if the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
the case may be) determines in its rea-
sonable discretion that amendments 
to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such 
New Benchmark Rate and the appli-
cable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may 
be) will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments. 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen kön-
nen insbesondere folgende Regelun-
gen in diesen Bedingungen erfassen: 
Such Benchmark Amendments may 
include, without limitation, the follow-
ing conditions of these Conditions: 
 
 
(A) 
die Feststellung des Referenz-
satzes gemäß § 3(c) und die-
sem § 3(d); und/oder 
(A) 
the determination of the Refer-
ence Rate in accordance with 
§ 3(c) and this § 3(d); and/or 
 
 
(B) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", "Zinsfestset-
zungstag" und/oder "Zinszah-
lungstag" (einschließlich der 
Festlegung, ob der Referenz-
satz vorwärts- oder rückwärts-
gerichtet 
bestimmt 
wird); 
und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business Day", "Interest Period", 
"Day Count Fraction", "Interest 
Determination Date" and/or "In-
terest Payment Date" (including 
the determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be deter-
mined on a forward-looking or 
a 
backward-looking 
basis); 
and/or 
 
 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß der Definition des Be-
griffs 
"Geschäftstagekonven-
tion" und den Zahlungstag ge-
mäß § 5(d). 
(C) 
the business day convention in 
the definition of the term "Busi-
ness Day Convention" and the 
payment date in accordance 
with § 5(d). 
 
 
(v) 
Mitteilungen etc. 
(v) 
Notices etc. 
 
 
(A) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, die An-
passungsspanne, 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
und 
den betreffenden Stichtag ge-
mäß diesem § 3(d) bzw. den 
Ausweichsatz gemäß § 3(d)(ii) 
dem Fiscal Agent, der Berech-
nungsstelle und den Zahlstellen 
in Form einer von zwei Unter-
schriftsberechtigten der Emit-
tentin unterzeichneten Beschei-
nigung mitteilen, und zwar so-
bald eine solche Mitteilung 
(A) 
The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjust-
ment Spread, the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and the 
relevant Effective Date deter-
mined in accordance with this 
§ 3(d) or the fallback rate in ac-
cordance with § 3(d)(ii), as the 
case may be, to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agents in the 
form of a certificate signed by 
two authorized signatories of

--- Page 76 ---
76 
bzw. Bescheinigung (nach An-
sicht der Emittentin) nach deren 
Feststellung 
erforderlich 
ist, 
spätestens jedoch an dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem be-
treffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag.  
the Issuer as soon as such notifi-
cation or certification is (in the 
Issuer's view) required following 
the determination thereof, but 
in any event not later than on 
the 10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Determina-
tion Date.  
 
(B) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, die An-
passungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
ge-
mäß diesem § 3(d) bzw. den 
Ausweichsatz gemäß § 3(d)(ii) 
den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 11 mitteilen, und zwar sobald 
wie möglich nach der Mittei-
lung gemäß Buchstabe (A). 
Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwi-
derruflich und hat den Stichtag 
zu benennen.  
(B) 
The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjust-
ment Spread and the Bench-
mark Amendments (if any) de-
termined in accordance with 
this § 3(d) or the fallback rate in 
accordance with § 3(d)(ii), as 
the case may be, to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 11 
as soon as practicable follow-
ing the notice in accordance 
with clause (A). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date. 
 
 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwa-
ige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
bzw. der Ausweichsatz sowie 
der betreffende Stichtag, die je-
weils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind (sofern nicht ein of-
fensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für die Emittentin, den Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstellen, die Be-
rechnungsstelle und die Anlei-
hegläubiger bindend.  
The New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) or the fallback rate, as the 
case may be, and the relevant 
Effective Date, each as speci-
fied in such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders.  
 
 
(C) 
Die Bedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, die An-
passungsspanne und die etwai-
gen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
geändert. 
(C) 
The 
Conditions 
shall 
be 
deemed 
to 
have 
been 
amended by the New Bench-
mark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) with effect 
from the Effective Date. 
 
 
(vi) 
Definitionen. In diesem § 3(d) gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(d): 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, 
negativ oder gleich null sein kann, 
wird in Basispunkten ausgedrückt und 
bezeichnet entweder (x) die Spanne 
oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berech-
nung der Spanne, die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may 
be positive, negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points and means 
either (x) the spread or (y) the result of 
the operation of the formula or meth-
odology for calculating the spread 
which 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatzes formell im Zusam-
menhang mit der Ersetzung des 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original

--- Page 77 ---
77
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksat-
zes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
von 
einem 
Maßgeblichen Nominierungs-
gremium empfohlen wird; oder 
Benchmark Rate with the Suc-
cessor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung ge-
mäß Ziffer (1) abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines Alter-
nativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
übli-
cherweise an den internationa-
len Anleihekapitalmärkten auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz an-
gewendet wird, um einen in-
dustrieweit akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den Unab-
hängigen Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen wer-
den; oder 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursu-
ant to clause (1) has been 
made, or in the case of an Alter-
native Benchmark Rate) is cus-
tomarily applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in the interna-
tional debt capital markets to 
produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate 
for the Original Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determi-
nations will be made by the In-
dependent Adviser in its reason-
able discretion; or 
 
 
(3) 
(sofern der Unabhängige Bera-
ter nach billigem Ermessen fest-
stellt, dass keine solche Spanne 
üblicherweise angewendet wird 
und dass das Folgende für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ange-
messen ist) als industrieweiter 
Standard für Over-the-Counter-
Derivatetransaktionen, die sich 
auf den Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz beziehen, anerkannt 
oder bestätigt ist, wenn der Ur-
sprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch den Neuen Benchmark-
satz ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen vorge-
nommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion deter-
mines that no such spread is 
customarily applied and that 
the following would be appro-
priate for the Notes) is recog-
nized or acknowledged as be-
ing the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by the 
New Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Ad-
viser in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, 
negativ oder gleich null sein kann, 
wird in Basispunkten ausgedrückt und 
bezeichnet entweder (x) die Spanne 
oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berech-
nung der Spanne, die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may 
be positive, negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points and means 
either (x) the spread or (y) the result of 
the operation of the formula or meth-
odology for calculating the spread 
which 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatzes formell im Zusam-
menhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksat-
zes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
von 
einem 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate with the Suc-
cessor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Maßgeblichen Nominierungs-
gremium empfohlen wird; oder 
 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung ge-
mäß Ziffer (1) abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines Alter-
nativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
übli-
cherweise an den internationa-
len Anleihekapitalmärkten auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz an-
gewendet wird, um einen in-
dustrieweit akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den Unab-
hängigen Berater bzw. die Emit-
tentin nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden; oder 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursu-
ant to clause (1) has been 
made, or in the case of an Alter-
native Benchmark Rate) is cus-
tomarily applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in the interna-
tional debt capital markets to 
produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate 
for the Original Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determi-
nations will be made by the In-
dependent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as the case may be) in its rea-
sonable discretion; or 
 
 
(3) 
(sofern der Unabhängige Bera-
ter bzw. die Emittentin nach bil-
ligem Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine solche Spanne üblicher-
weise angewendet wird und 
dass das Folgende für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ange-
messen ist) als industrieweiter 
Standard für Over-the-Counter-
Derivatetransaktionen, die sich 
auf den Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz beziehen, anerkannt 
oder bestätigt ist, wenn der Ur-
sprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch den Neuen Benchmark-
satz ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
bzw. die Emittentin nach billi-
gem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) 
in its reasonable discretion de-
termines that no such spread is 
customarily applied and that 
the following would be appro-
priate for the Notes) is recog-
nized or acknowledged as be-
ing the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by the 
New Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Ad-
viser or the Issuer (as the case 
may be) in its reasonable discre-
tion. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeich-
net eine alternative Benchmark oder 
einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den inter-
nationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen 
(oder dazugehörigen Zinskomponen-
ten) in der Festgelegten Währung an-
gewendet wird, wobei sämtliche Fest-
stellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means 
an alternative benchmark or an alter-
native screen rate which is customarily 
applied in the international debt capi-
tal markets for the purpose of deter-
mining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser. 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeich-
net eine alternative Benchmark oder 
einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means 
an alternative benchmark or an alter-
native screen rate which is customarily 
If Issuer de-
termination 
is applica-

--- Page 79 ---
79
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den inter-
nationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen 
(oder dazugehörigen Zinskomponen-
ten) in der Festgelegten Währung an-
gewendet wird, wobei sämtliche Fest-
stellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater bzw. die Emittentin vorge-
nommen werden. 
applied in the international debt capi-
tal markets for the purpose of deter-
mining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
the case may be). 
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen von oder im Namen 
der für den Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksat-
zes zuständigen Aufsichtsbe-
hörde 
vorgenommen 
wird, 
(x) aus der hervorgeht, dass 
dieser Administrator die Bereit-
stellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit ein-
gestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
es sei denn, es gibt einen Nach-
folgeadministrator, der den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt, 
oder 
(y) aufgrund 
derer 
der 
Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmarksatz all-
gemein oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
mehr verwendet werden darf; 
oder 
(1) 
a public statement or publica-
tion of information by or on be-
half of the regulatory supervisor 
of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made, (x) stat-
ing that said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, un-
less there is a successor admin-
istrator that will continue to pro-
vide the Original Benchmark 
Rate, or (y) as a consequence of 
which the Original Benchmark 
Rate will be prohibited from be-
ing used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
 
 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen von oder im Namen 
des Administrators des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, aus der 
hervorgeht, dass der Administ-
rator die Bereitstellung des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbe-
stimmte Zeit eingestellt hat 
oder einstellen wird, es sei denn, 
es gibt einen Nachfolgeadmi-
nistrator, der den Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(2) 
a public statement or publica-
tion of information by or on be-
half of the Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator 
has ceased or will cease to pro-
vide the Original Benchmark 
Rate permanently or indefi-
nitely, unless there is a successor 
administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Bench-
mark Rate; or 
 
 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administ-
rators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes veröffentlicht 
wird, wonach der Ursprüngliche 
(3) 
a public statement by the regu-
latory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate is no

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht 
nach nicht mehr repräsentativ 
für den zugrunde liegenden 
Markt, den er zu messen vor-
gibt, ist oder sein wird, und 
keine von der Aufsichtsbehörde 
des Administrators des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen zur 
Behebung einer solchen Situa-
tion ergriffen werden oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
longer, or will no longer be, rep-
resentative of the underlying 
market it purports to measure 
and no action to remediate 
such a situation is taken or ex-
pected to be taken as required 
by the regulatory supervisor of 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator; or 
 
(4) 
die Verwendung des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes aus ir-
gendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, 
die in Bezug auf den Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstellen, die Be-
rechnungsstelle oder die Emit-
tentin anwendbar sind, rechts-
widrig geworden ist; oder 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful under any law or regu-
lation applicable to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to use the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
 
 
(5) 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmark-
satz ohne vorherige offizielle 
Ankündigung durch die zustän-
dige 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
den Administrator dauerhaft 
nicht mehr veröffentlicht wird; 
oder  
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is 
permanently no longer pub-
lished without a previous official 
announcement by the regula-
tory supervisor or the adminis-
trator; or 
 
 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der 
Methodologie des Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksatzes vorge-
nommen wird. 
(6) 
a material change is made to 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
methodology. 
 
 
"Maßgebliches 
Nominierungsgre-
mium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Er-
setzung des Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, 
in respect of the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate: 
 
 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Wäh-
rung, auf die sich die Bench-
mark oder der Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, oder eine Zentralbank 
oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die für die Aufsicht des Admi-
nistrators der Benchmark bzw. 
des Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
(1) 
the central bank for the cur-
rency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or 
other 
regulatory 
supervisor 
which is responsible for super-
vising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
 
 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden 
Ausschuss, die bzw. der von 
(I) der Zentralbank für die Wäh-
rung, auf die sich die Bench-
mark oder der Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, (II) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbe-
hörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators der Benchmark 
(2) 
any working group or commit-
tee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (I) the central bank 
for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (II) any cen-
tral bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible

--- Page 81 ---
81
bzw. des Bildschirmsatzes zu-
ständig ist, (III) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor genannten Zentralban-
ken oder anderer Aufsichtsbe-
hörden oder (IV) dem Finanz-
stabilitätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon geför-
dert, geführt oder mitgeführt 
wird oder auf deren Verlangen 
gebildet wird. 
for supervising the administra-
tor of the benchmark or screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable), 
(III) a 
group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervi-
sory authorities or (IV) the Fi-
nancial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
be-
zeichnet einen Nachfolger oder Ersatz 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, 
der formell durch das Maßgebliche 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen 
wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means 
a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is for-
mally recommended by the Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß diesem § 3(d) be-
stimmten Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz.  
"New Benchmark Rate" means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Bench-
mark Rate determined in accordance 
with this § 3(d). 
 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet 
ein von der Emittentin ernanntes un-
abhängiges Finanzinstitut mit interna-
tionalem Ansehen oder einen ande-
ren von der Emittentin ernannten un-
abhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfah-
rung in den internationalen Anleihe-
kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means an in-
dependent financial institution of in-
ternational repute or other independ-
ent financial adviser experienced in 
the international debt capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
 
 
(vii) 
Stichtag. Der Stichtag für die Anwen-
dung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, 
der Anpassungsspanne und der etwa-
igen Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß 
diesem § 3(d) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den frü-
hesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
(vii) 
Effective Date. The effective date for 
the application of the New Bench-
mark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) determined under this § 3(d) (the 
"Effective Date") will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after 
the earliest of the following dates: 
 
 
(A) 
den Tag, an dem die Veröffent-
lichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird, den Tag, an dem der Ur-
sprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird, oder den Tag, 
ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr re-
präsentativ ist oder sein wird, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffern (1)(x), (2) 
oder (3) der Definition des Be-
griffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" ein-
getreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has oc-
curred as a result of clauses 
(1)(x), (2) or (3) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", 
the date of cessation of publica-
tion of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, the date of the discontinu-
ation of the Original Bench-
mark Rate or the date as from 
which the Original Benchmark 
Rate is no longer or will no 
longer be, representative as the 
case may be; or 
 
 
(B) 
den Tag, ab dem der Ursprüng-
liche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr verwendet werden darf, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has oc-
curred as a result of clauses 
(1)(y) or (4) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the

--- Page 82 ---
82 
aufgrund der Ziffern (1)(y) oder 
(4) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetre-
ten ist; oder 
date from which the prohibition 
applies; or 
 
(C) 
den Tag des Eintritts des Bench-
mark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
der Ziffern (5) oder (6) der Defi-
nition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has oc-
curred as a result of clauses (5) 
or (6) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event. 
 
 
(viii) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Be-
zug auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(d) entsprechend 
für die Ersetzung des Neuen Bench-
marksatzes durch einen neuen Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf 
den Begriff "Ursprünglicher Bench-
marksatz" als Bezugnahme auf den 
zuletzt verwendeten Neuen Bench-
marksatz. 
(viii) If a Benchmark Event occurs in rela-
tion to any New Benchmark Rate, this 
§ 3(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the replacement of such New Bench-
mark Rate by any new Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. 
In this case, any reference in this § 3 to 
the term "Original Benchmark Rate" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate that last ap-
plied. 
 
 
(ix) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede Bezug-
nahme auf den Begriff "Ursprüngli-
cher Benchmarksatz" gegebenenfalls 
auch eine Bezugnahme auf eine et-
waige Teilkomponente des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in 
Bezug auf diese Teilkomponente ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any 
component part thereof, if any, in re-
spect of which a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
 
 
(e) 
Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird an 
oder unverzüglich nach jedem Zinsfestset-
zungstag den auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag bezogen auf 
den Festgelegten Nennbetrag (der "Zinsbe-
trag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode be-
rechnen. Der Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschrei-
bung wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und 
der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) auf den Festgelegten Nennbetrag an-
gewendet werden, wobei der resultierende 
Betrag auf den nächsten EUR 0,01 auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei EUR 0,005 aufge-
rundet werden. 
(e) 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
on or without undue delay (unverzüglich) af-
ter each Interest Determination Date, calcu-
late the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of 
the Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Interest Amount per 
Note shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below) to the Specified Denomi-
nation and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest EUR 0.01, EUR 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
 
 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick 
auf die Berechnung eines Betrages von Zin-
sen auf die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum") die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum ge-
teilt durch 360 (Actual/360). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the "Interest 
Calculation Period") the actual number of 
days in the Interest Calculation Period di-
vided by 360 (Actual/360). 
 
 
(f) 
Mitteilungen. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass der Referenzsatz, der dar-
aus resultierende Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
(f) 
Notifications. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Reset Rate, the resulting Rate of In-
terest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant

--- Page 83 ---
83
Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszah-
lungstag der Emittentin, dem Fiscal Agent, 
der/den Zahlstelle(n), den Anleihegläubi-
gern durch Mitteilung gemäß § 11 und jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, un-
verzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als am 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitge-
teilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mit-
geteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich ange-
passt (oder andere geeignete Anpassungs-
regelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird unverzüglich allen maß-
geblichen Börsen, an denen die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf Ver-
anlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, sowie 
den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 mitge-
teilt. 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s), 
the Noteholders by notice in accordance 
with § 11 and, if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from 
time to time listed at the initiative of the Is-
suer, to such stock exchange, without undue 
delay (unverzüglich), but in no event later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Pe-
riod. Each Interest Amount and Interest Pay-
ment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative ar-
rangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be notified to any relevant 
stock exchange on which the Notes are then 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 without 
undue delay (unverzüglich). 
 
(g) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Be-
scheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierun-
gen und Entscheidungen, die von der Be-
rechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 ge-
macht, abgegeben, getroffen oder einge-
holt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensicht-
licher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, den 
Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Anleihe-
gläubiger bindend. 
(g) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, com-
munications, opinions, determinations, cal-
culations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the pur-
poses of the provisions of this § 3 by the Cal-
culation Agent shall (in the absence of man-
ifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Notehold-
ers. 
 
 
(h) 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der Schuld-
verschreibungen endet an dem Ende des Ta-
ges, der dem Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emitten-
tin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, ist der Festgelegte Nenn-
betrag jeder Schuldverschreibung ab dem 
Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag 
der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuld-
verschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe 
des gesetzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes für 
Verzugszinsen zu verzinsen.1 
(h) 
End of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the end of the 
day preceding the date on which they fall 
due (fällig) for redemption. If the Issuer fails 
to redeem the Notes when due (fällig), each 
Note will bear interest on its Specified De-
nomination from and including the due date 
to but excluding the day of actual redemp-
tion of the Notes at the statutory default rate 
of interest.2  
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
§ 4 
Redemption and Repurchase 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
bereits zuvor zurückgezahlt oder zurückge-
kauft und eingezogen, werden die Schuld-
verschreibungen an dem Zinszahlungstag, 
der auf oder um den [Datum einfügen] fällt, 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity. To the extent not 
previously redeemed or repurchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
 
 
1 
Zum Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB für das 
Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
2 
As of the date of issue of the Notes the default rate of interest for the year established by law is five percentage points above the basic 
rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(der "Endfälligkeitstag") zum Rückzahlungs-
betrag zurückgezahlt. 
the Redemption Amount on the Interest Pay-
ment Date falling on or around [insert date] 
(the "Maturity Date").  
 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" ist ein Betrag je 
Schuldverschreibung in Höhe des Festgeleg-
ten Nennbetrages zuzüglich der bis zum Tag 
der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) in Bezug 
auf diese Schuldverschreibung aufgelaufe-
nen, aber noch nicht bezahlten Zinsen. 
The "Redemption Amount" means an 
amount per Note equal to the Specified De-
nomination plus any interest accrued on 
such Note to but excluding the date of re-
demption but unpaid. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach ei-
gener Wahl 
vorzeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht teil-
weise) durch Kündigungsmitteilung gemäß 
§ 4(d) unter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht 
weniger als fünf Tagen mit Wirkung zu je-
dem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu kündigen und an 
dem in der Kündigungsmitteilung festgeleg-
ten Optionalen Rückzahlungstag zum Rück-
zahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen. 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The 
Issuer may call and redeem the Notes (in 
whole but not in part) on giving not less than 
five days' notice in accordance with § 4(d) 
with effect as of any Optional Redemption 
Date (as defined below) at the Redemption 
Amount on the Optional Redemption Date 
specified in the notice. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early re-
demption at 
the option 
of the Issuer, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
"Optionaler Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet  
"Optional Redemption Date" means  
 
 
[Optionale(n) Rückzahlungstag(e) einfü-
gen].1 
[insert Optional Redemption Date(s)].2 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(b) vor-
zeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor dem Endfällig-
keitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach Maß-
gabe von § 4(c). 
(b) 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, otherwise than 
provided in § 4(c). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early re-
demption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(b), the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Eintritt eines 
Steuerereignisses und vorzeitige Rückzah-
lung wegen eines geringen ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags. 
(c) 
Early Redemption following a Tax Event and 
Early Redemption for a Minimal Outstand-
ing Principal Amount.  
 
 
(i) 
Bei Eintritt eines Steuerereignisses 
oder wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der ausste-
henden Schuldverschreibungen auf 
25 % oder weniger des Gesamtnenn-
betrages der Schuldverschreibungen, 
die zuvor ausgegeben wurden (ein-
schließlich 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die gemäß § 12 zusätzlich begeben 
(i) 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or 
if at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 25 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes previously issued (including 
any Notes additionally issued in ac-
cordance with § 12), the Issuer may, 
call and redeem the Notes (in whole 
 
 
1  
Optionale(n) Rückzahlungstag(e) oder die anwendbare Beschreibung derselben einfügen, z.B. "jeden Zinszahlungstag ab dem [frü-
hesten möglichen Optionalen Rückzahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)". 
2  
Insert Optional Redemption Date(s) or the applicable description thereof, e.g., "each Interest Payment Date during the period from and 
including [insert earliest possible Optional Redemption Date] to but excluding the Maturity Date".

--- Page 85 ---
85
worden sind), fällt, kann die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insge-
samt, jedoch nicht teilweise) durch 
Kündigungsmitteilung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen mit 
Wirkung zu dem in der Kündigungs-
mitteilung für die Rückzahlung festge-
legten Tag kündigen und zum Rück-
zahlungsbetrag zurückzahlen. 
but not in part) at any time upon not 
less than 15 days' prior notice in ac-
cordance with § 4(d) with effect as of 
the date fixed for redemption speci-
fied in the notice at the Redemption 
Amount. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, wel-
ches zu der Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher Beträge (wie in § 6 defi-
niert) führt oder führen würde, darf 
eine Kündigungserklärung nicht frü-
her als 90 Tage vor dem Tag abgege-
ben werden, an dem die Emittentin 
erstmals verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig wäre. 
In the case of a Tax Event that results 
in or would result in the obligation to 
pay any Additional Amounts (as de-
fined in § 6), no notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the date on which the Issuer 
would be for the first time obliged to 
pay any Additional Amounts if a pay-
ment in respect of the Notes were then 
due. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, wel-
ches zu der Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher Beträge (wie in § 6 defi-
niert) führt oder führen würde, darf 
eine Kündigungserklärung nicht frü-
her als 90 Tage vor dem Tag abgege-
ben werden, an dem die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin erstmals verpflich-
tet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge zu zah-
len, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen oder die Garantie 
dann fällig wäre. 
In the case of a Tax Event that results 
in or would result in the obligation to 
pay any Additional Amounts (as de-
fined in § 6), no notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the date on which the Issuer or 
the Guarantor would be for the first 
time obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes or the Guarantee were then 
due. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses, wel-
ches zum Entfall der Abzugsfähigkeit 
des Zinsaufwands führt oder führen 
würde, darf eine Kündigungserklä-
rung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
Tag abgegeben werden, an dem die 
Abzugsfähigkeit des Zinsaufwands 
entfallen würde. 
In the case of a Tax Event that results 
in or would result in the deductibility of 
the interest expense falling away, no 
notice of redemption may be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the date 
on which the deductibility of the inter-
est expense would fall away. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(ii) 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer aner-
kannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und 
die Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent eine 
Kopie davon überlässt), aus dem her-
vorgeht, dass sich aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung von Geset-
zen, Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften oder aufgrund einer Än-
(ii) 
A "Tax Event" occurs if an opinion of a 
recognized law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy 
thereof) stating that, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the in-
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
derung oder Klarstellung der Ausle-
gung oder Anwendung oder aufgrund 
einer erstmaligen Auslegung oder An-
wendung dieser Gesetze, Verordnun-
gen oder sonstigen Vorschriften durch 
eine gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein 
Gericht oder eine Behörde (einschließ-
lich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entschei-
dungen eines Gerichts oder einer Be-
hörde) die steuerliche Behandlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen ändert 
(insbesondere, 
jedoch 
nicht 
aus-
schließlich im Hinblick auf die steuerli-
che Abzugsfähigkeit des Zinsauf-
wands in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen oder die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträ-
gen (wie in § 6 definiert)), wenn diese 
Änderung oder Klarstellung an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft tritt 
(einschließlich des Falles, dass die be-
treffende Änderung oder Klarstellung 
rückwirkend Anwendung findet) und 
diese Änderung für die Emittentin 
nach eigener, begründeter Auffas-
sung der Emittentin wesentlich nach-
teilig ist, was die Emittentin nicht ab-
wenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben 
für zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
terpretation or application, or as a re-
sult of any interpretation or applica-
tion made for the first time, of any such 
laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (in-
cluding the enactment of any legisla-
tion and the publication of any deci-
sion of any court or authority), which 
change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the Notes (including in case 
any such change, amendment or clar-
ification has retroactive effect), the tax 
treatment of the Notes changes (in-
cluding but not limited to the tax de-
ductibility of the interest expense re-
lated to the Notes or the obligation to 
pay Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 6)), which change, in the Issuer's own 
reasonable opinion, has a material 
adverse effect for the Issuer that it 
cannot avoid by taking such measures 
it (acting in good faith) deems reason-
able and appropriate. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(ii) 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin ein Gut-
achten einer anerkannten Anwalts-
kanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin dem Fiscal Agent 
eine Kopie davon überlässt), aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass sich aufgrund einer 
Änderung oder Klarstellung von Ge-
setzen, Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften oder aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung der Ausle-
gung oder Anwendung oder aufgrund 
einer erstmaligen Auslegung oder An-
wendung dieser Gesetze, Verordnun-
gen oder sonstigen Vorschriften durch 
eine gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein 
Gericht oder eine Behörde (einschließ-
lich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entschei-
dungen eines Gerichts oder einer Be-
hörde) die steuerliche Behandlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen oder der 
Garantie ändert (insbesondere, je-
doch nicht ausschließlich im Hinblick 
(ii) 
A "Tax Event" occurs if an opinion of a 
recognized law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(and the Issuer or the Guarantor has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy 
thereof) stating that, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the in-
terpretation or application, or as a re-
sult of any interpretation or applica-
tion made for the first time, of any such 
laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (in-
cluding the enactment of any legisla-
tion and the publication of any deci-
sion of any court or authority), which 
change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the Notes (including in case 
any such change, amendment or clar-
ification has retroactive effect), the tax 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 87 ---
87
auf die steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit 
des Zinsaufwands in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die steu-
erliche Abzugsfähigkeit von Zahlun-
gen nach Maßgabe der Garantie oder 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zu-
sätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 6 defi-
niert)), wenn diese Änderung oder 
Klarstellung an oder nach dem Tag 
der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich des 
Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung 
oder Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwen-
dung findet) und diese Änderung für 
die Emittentin oder Garantin nach ei-
gener, begründeter Auffassung der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin wesent-
lich nachteilig ist und die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin diese nachteilige 
Änderung nicht abwenden kann, in-
dem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie 
nach Treu und Glauben für zumutbar 
und angemessen hält.  
treatment of the Notes or the Guaran-
tee changes (including but not limited 
to the tax deductibility of the interest 
expense related to the Notes or the 
tax deductibility of payments under 
the Guarantee or the obligation to 
pay Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 6)), which change, in the Issuer's or 
the Guarantor's own reasonable opin-
ion, has a material adverse effect for 
the Issuer or the Guarantor that it can-
not avoid by taking such measures it 
(acting in good faith) deems reasona-
ble and appropriate. 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungsmitteilung. Eine Kündigung nach 
§ 4(b) oder (c) hat durch Mitteilung an die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 11 zu erfolgen 
und ist unwiderruflich. Die Kündigungsmittei-
lung muss den für die Rückzahlung festge-
legten Tag und im Falle einer Kündigung und 
Rückzahlung nach § 4(c) den Grund für diese 
Kündigung und Rückzahlung nennen. 
(d) 
Notice. Any notice of redemption in accord-
ance with § 4(b) or (c) shall be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 and 
shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption and, in 
case of a call and redemption in accordance 
with § 4(c), the reason for such call and re-
demption. 
 
 
(e) 
Kein Recht der Anleihegläubiger zur Kündi-
gung oder zur Fälligstellung. Die Anleihe-
gläubiger haben außer in Fällen des § 8 kein 
Recht zur Kündigung oder anderweitigen 
Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
(e) 
No Right of Termination or Acceleration by 
the Noteholders. The Noteholders shall have 
no right to terminate or otherwise accelerate 
the redemption of the Notes otherwise than 
provided in § 8. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(f) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin und jedes Tochter-
unternehmen der Emittentin (§ 290 Absatz 1 
HGB) können jederzeit und vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem be-
liebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
(f) 
Repurchase. The Issuer and any subsidiary of 
the Issuer (§ 290(1) German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) (the 
"HGB")) may at any time and subject to man-
datory provisions of law purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such purchased Notes may be can-
celled, held or resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
(f) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin, die Garantin und 
jedes Tochterunternehmen der Garantin 
(§ 290 Absatz 1 HGB) können jederzeit und 
vorbehaltlich zwingender gesetzlicher Rege-
lungen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu je-
dem beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig er-
worbene Schuldverschreibungen können 
(f) 
Repurchase. The Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any subsidiary of the Guarantor (§ 290(1) 
HGB) may at any time and subject to man-
datory provisions of law purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such purchased Notes may be can-
celled, held or resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
eingezogen, gehalten oder wieder veräu-
ßert werden. 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
Im Fall einer 
Vorläufigen 
Globalur-
kunde gilt 
Folgendes: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen er-
folgt an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der je-
weiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. Die Zah-
lung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach ordnungsgemä-
ßem Nachweis gemäß § 1(c). 
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal and interest 
on the Notes shall be made to, or to the order 
of, the Clearing System for credit to the rele-
vant account holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States. Payment of inter-
est on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, upon due certifi-
cation as provided in § 1(c). 
In the case 
of a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls nur 
eine Dauer-
Globalur-
kunde emit-
tiert wird, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen er-
folgt an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der je-
weiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal and interest 
on the Notes shall be made to, or to the order 
of, the Clearing System for credit to the rele-
vant account holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States.  
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global Note 
will be is-
sued, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
"Vereinigte Staaten" bezeichnet die Verei-
nigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Co-
lumbia), deren Territorien (einschließlich Pu-
erto Rico, der Amerikanischen Jungfernin-
seln, Guam, Amerikanisch-Samoa, der Insel 
Wake und der Nördlichen Marianen) sowie 
die sonstigen Gebiete, die deren Rechtsord-
nung unterliegen. 
"United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia), its possessions (in-
cluding Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands) and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen wer-
den in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlun-
gen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen 
unter dem Vorbehalt sämtlicher geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vor-
schriften, Richtlinien und Verordnungen oder 
Verträge, denen sich die Emittentin, der Fis-
cal Agent oder eine Zahlstelle unterworfen 
haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die Emittentin 
nicht verpflichtet, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in 
§ 6 definiert) als Ausgleich für irgendwelche 
Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, 
die aufgrund solcher steuerlichen oder sons-
tigen gesetzlichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien 
oder Verordnungen oder Verträge auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, an die Anleihegläubi-
ger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. No commis-
sion or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. All 
payments are subject to all applicable fiscal 
and other laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent or any Paying Agent have agreed to 
be subject to. Subject to the provisions of § 6, 
the Issuer shall not be obligated to pay to the 
Noteholders any Additional Amounts (as de-
fined in § 6) as compensation for any taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or lev-
ied by such fiscal and other laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 89 ---
89
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen wer-
den in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlun-
gen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen 
unter dem Vorbehalt sämtlicher geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vor-
schriften, Richtlinien und Verordnungen oder 
Verträge, denen sich die Emittentin, die Ga-
rantin, der Fiscal Agent oder eine Zahlstelle 
unterworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die 
Emittentin bzw. die Garantin nicht verpflich-
tet, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) 
als Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzli-
chen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verord-
nungen oder Verträge auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, an die Anleihegläubiger zu zah-
len.  
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. No commis-
sion or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. All 
payments are subject to all applicable fiscal 
and other laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the Guaran-
tor, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
have agreed to be subject to. Subject to the 
provisions of § 6, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor shall not be obli-
gated to pay to the Noteholders any Addi-
tional Amounts (as defined in § 6) as com-
pensation for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such fiscal and 
other laws, regulations, directives or agree-
ments.  
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, für die 
die Wäh-
rungsum-
stellungs-
klausel an-
wendbar ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Wenn [Name des EWU-Mitgliedsstaats] 
seine Staatsschulden auf eine andere Wäh-
rung als Euro (die "Neue Währung") um-
stellt, wird mit Wirkung ab dem Tag der Ein-
führung dieser Neuen Währung (der "Um-
stellungstag") die Festgelegte Währung der 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise) auf die Neue Währung um-
gestellt. Die Emittentin wird die Umstellung 
unverzüglich gemäß § 11 bekannt machen. 
If [name EMU Member State] redenomi-
nates its public debt to a currency other than 
the Euro (the "New Currency"), the Specified 
Currency of the Notes (in whole but not in 
part) shall be redenominated to the New 
Currency with effect from the day of intro-
duction of such New Currency (the "Re-
denomination Date"). The Issuer shall give 
notice of such redenomination without un-
due delay (unverzüglich) in accordance with 
§ 11. 
In the case 
of Notes for 
which the re-
denomina-
tion clause is 
applicable, 
the follow-
ing applies: 
 
Mit Wirkung ab dem Umstellungstag gilt 
jede in diesen Bedingungen enthaltene Be-
zugnahme auf die Festgelegte Währung als 
durch eine Bezugnahme auf die Neue Wäh-
rung ersetzt und die Umstellung der Festge-
legten Währung auf die Neue Währung als 
bewirkt. Die Emittentin wird den Festgeleg-
ten Nennbetrag und alle anderen sich aus 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
ergebenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen in die Neue Wäh-
rung konvertieren, indem sie den offiziell für 
den Zeitpunkt der Umstellung der Staats-
schulden auf die Neue Währung festgeleg-
ten Umrechnungskurs anwendet und die sich 
ergebende Zahl auf die nächste kleinste Ein-
heit der Neuen Währung rundet (wobei 
0,005 Einheiten aufgerundet werden). 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, 
any reference in these Conditions to the 
Specified Currency shall be deemed to be 
substituted by a reference to the New Cur-
rency and the redenomination of the Speci-
fied Currency to the New Currency shall be 
deemed to have been effected. The Issuer 
shall convert the Specified Denomination 
and any other payment obligation due un-
der a Note to the New Currency by applying 
the conversion rate officially fixed for the 
time of redenomination of the public debt 
and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest minimum unit of the New Currency 
(with 0.005 units being rounded upwards). 
 
 
Die Mitteilung über die Umstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen hat folgende Anga-
ben zu enthalten: (i) die Bezeichnung der 
umzustellenden Schuldverschreibungen ein-
schließlich ihrer Wertpapierkennungen, (ii) 
die Angabe des offiziell für den Zeitpunkt 
The notice regarding the redenomination of 
the Notes shall contain the following infor-
mation: (i) the designation of the Notes to be 
redenominated and its securities identifica-
tion numbers, (ii) the conversion rate offi-
cially fixed for the time of redenomination of

--- Page 90 ---
90 
der Umstellung der Staatsschulden auf die 
Neue Währung festgelegten Umrechnungs-
kurses, (iii) den Umstellungstag, (iv) ggf. die 
Bestimmung des neuen Referenzsatzes 
und/oder (v) Änderungen der Definition des 
Begriffs "Geschäftstag". 
the public debt to the New Currency, (iii) the 
Redenomination Date, (iv) the determina-
tion of the new Reference Rate, if applicable, 
and/or (v) any adjustments to the definition 
of the term "Business Day". 
 
Die vor der Umstellung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen anwendbare Definition des 
Begriffs "Geschäftstag" findet auch nach der 
Umstellung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung, es sei denn, die Emittentin legt 
in der Mitteilung der Umstellung der Schuld-
verschreibungen diejenige Definition des Be-
griffs "Geschäftstag" für die Schuldverschrei-
bungen fest, die mit der dann bestehenden 
oder erwarteten Marktpraxis für auf die 
Neue Währung lautende Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in internationalen Clearingsys-
temen gehalten werden, übereinstimmt.  
The definition of the term "Business Day" that 
applies to the Notes prior to the redenomi-
nation shall also apply to the Notes after the 
redenomination, unless the Issuer, in the no-
tice regarding the redenomination of the 
Notes elects to apply to the Notes such defi-
nition of the term "Business Day" which is 
consistent with the then existing or antici-
pated market practice for notes issued in the 
New Currency and held in international 
clearing systems.  
 
 
Der vor der Umstellung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen anwendbare Referenzsatz fin-
det auch nach der Umstellung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass alle Bezugnahmen auf die 
Festgelegte Währung durch Bezugnahmen 
auf die Neue Währung ersetzt werden), es 
sei denn, die Emittentin legt zur Zeit der Um-
stellung denjenigen Referenzzinssatz als Re-
ferenzsatz für die Schuldverschreibungen 
fest, der mit der dann bestehenden oder er-
warteten Marktpraxis für auf die Neue Wäh-
rung lautende, variabel verzinsliche Schuld-
verschreibungen, die in internationalen 
Clearingsystemen gehalten werden, über-
einstimmt. 
The Reference Rate that applies to the Notes 
prior to the redenomination shall also apply 
to the Notes after the redenomination (pro-
vided that all references to the Specified Cur-
rency be replaced by references to the New 
Currency), unless the Issuer elects, at the time 
of the redenomination, to apply to the Notes 
such reference interest rate as Reference 
Rate which is consistent with the then exist-
ing or anticipated market practice for float-
ing rate notes issued in the New Currency 
and held in international clearing systems. 
 
 
Wenn der Referenzzinssatz für variabel ver-
zinsliche Staatsschulden oder als Bench-
markemissionen begebene Schuldverschrei-
bungen in der Neuen Währung erst mit Wir-
kung ab einem Tag, der nach dem Umstel-
lungstag liegt, auf einen neuen Referenz-
zinssatz umgestellt wird, kann die Emittentin 
diesen Referenzzinssatz ab diesem Zeit-
punkt als neuen Referenzsatz für die betref-
fende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen fest-
legen. 
If the reference interest rate for floating rate 
public debt or for benchmark bond issues in 
the New Currency is only changed with effect 
on a date that falls after the Redenomina-
tion Date, the Issuer may fix such reference 
interest rate to become the Reference Rate 
that is applicable on the relevant series of 
Notes from that date. 
 
 
Wenn bei oder nach der Umstellung der Re-
ferenzsatz, der vor der Umstellung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar war, 
nicht mehr verfügbar ist, so ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
den Referenzzinssatz anzuwenden, der mit 
der dann bestehenden oder erwarteten 
Marktpraxis für auf die Neue Währung lau-
If on or after the redenomination the Refer-
ence Rate which applied to the Notes prior 
to the redenomination is no longer available, 
the Issuer shall apply to the Notes the refer-
ence interest rate which is consistent with the 
then existing or anticipated market practice 
for floating rate notes issued in the New Cur-
rency and held in international clearing sys-
tems.

--- Page 91 ---
91
tende, variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in internationalen Clearingsys-
temen gehalten werden, übereinstimmt. 
 
Die Emittentin wird den neuen Referenzsatz 
gemäß § 11 bekannt machen. 
The Issuer will publish the new Reference 
Rate by giving notice in accordance with 
§ 11. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht be-
freit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin 
wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von ih-
rer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor shall be discharged by pay-
ment to, or to the order of, the Clearing Sys-
tem. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
(d) 
Zahlungstag. Ist der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschrei-
bung kein Geschäftstag, so hat der Anleihe-
gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
Für eine solche Zahlungsverzögerung wer-
den keine weiteren Zinsen gezahlt. 
(d) 
Payment Date. If any due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Business Day, then the Noteholder will not 
be entitled to payment until the next day 
which is a Business Day. No further interest 
shall be paid in respect of the delay in such 
payment. 
 
 
(e) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Be-
zugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf Ka-
pital und Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag und sämtliche ge-
mäß § 6 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge 
(wie dort definiert) ein. 
(e) 
References to Principal and Interest. Refer-
ences in these Conditions to principal and in-
terest on the Notes include, to the extent ap-
plicable, the Redemption Amount and all 
Additional Amounts payable in accordance 
with § 6 (as defined therein). 
 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug von Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder be-
hördlicher Gebühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steu-
ern"), die von dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, oder einer seiner Gebietskör-
perschaften oder einer zur Erhebung von Steuern 
berechtigten Behörde oder sonstigen Stelle aufer-
legt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder fest-
gesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin kraft 
Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu einem solchen Einbe-
halt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin 
zusätzliche Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will 
be paid free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or as-
sessed by the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such country 
having power to levy Taxes, unless the Issuer is com-
pelled by law to make such withholding or deduc-
tion. If the Issuer is required to make such withhold-
ing or deduction, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Note-
holders as the Noteholders would have received 
had no such withholding or deduction been re-
quired, except that no such Additional Amounts will 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
an die Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anlei-
hegläubiger die Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne den 
betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hät-
ten; solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
be payable for any such Taxes in respect of any 
Note 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, die 
nicht nur aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft der 
Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzube-
halten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by rea-
son of the relevant Noteholder having some 
connection with the Issuer's country of domi-
cile for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of that Note; or 
 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichba-
ren Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung eines 
Erstattungsanspruches 
hätte 
vermeiden 
können, aber nicht vermieden hat; oder 
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would have been able to avoid 
by presenting any form or certificate and/or 
making a declaration of non-residence or 
similar claim for exemption or refund but has 
failed to do so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verord-
nung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung, eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über de-
ren Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, oder 
die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Ver-
ständigung oder dieses Abkommen umsetzt 
oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehal-
ten sind; oder 
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pursu-
ant to (i) any European Union directive or 
regulation concerning the taxation of inter-
est income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which the Issuer's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes or the Euro-
pean Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with such di-
rective, regulation, treaty, agreement or un-
derstanding; or 
 
 
(d) 
die im Falle einer Kombination der vorge-
nannten Varianten einzubehalten oder ab-
zuziehen sind. 
(d) 
which are to be withheld or deducted in the 
case of any combination of the above items. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Be-
träge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des US-amerikanischen Internal Revenue 
Code (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder ge-
mäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß zwischen-
staatlichen Abkommen, gemäß den in einer ande-
ren Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvor-
schriften oder gemäß mit dem US-amerikanischen 
Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen 
von der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbe-
halten wurden, ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") oder Anlei-
hegläubiger anderweitig in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten.  
The Issuer will not have any obligation to pay addi-
tional amounts deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any other party in re-
lation to any withholding or deduction of any 
amounts in accordance with the rules of U.S. Inter-
nal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (as 
amended or in accordance with any successor pro-
visions), in accordance with any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these pro-
visions, or in accordance with any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA With-
holding"), or to otherwise indemnify any Note-
holder in relation to any FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 93 ---
93
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge (einschließlich sämtlicher von der 
Garantin auf die Garantie zu zahlender Beträge) 
werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Ge-
bühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansäs-
sig ist, bzw. von dem Staat, in dem die Garantin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, oder einer deren jeweiligen 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer deren jeweiligen 
zur Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, einge-
zogen, einbehalten oder festgesetzt werden, so-
fern nicht die Emittentin oder die Garantin kraft Ge-
setzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. 
Sofern die Emittentin oder die Garantin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird 
die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin zusätzliche Be-
träge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihe-
gläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die 
Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden 
Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hätten; solche Zu-
sätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar we-
gen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen bzw. die Garantie, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes (in-
cluding all amounts to be paid by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee) will be paid free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, lev-
ied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes or the Guaran-
tor's country of domicile for tax purposes (respec-
tively) or any of their respective political subdivi-
sions or any authority or any other agency of or in 
any such country having power to levy Taxes, unless 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is compelled by law to 
make such withholding or deduction. If the Issuer or 
the Guarantor is required to make such withholding 
or deduction, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") to the Noteholders as the 
Noteholders would have received had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note or the 
Guarantee 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, bzw. zu 
dem Staat, in dem die Garantin steuerlich 
ansässig ist, die nicht nur aus der bloßen In-
haberschaft der Schuldverschreibungen be-
steht, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; 
oder  
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by rea-
son of the relevant Noteholder having some 
connection with the Issuer's country of domi-
cile for tax purposes or the Guarantor's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes other than 
the mere holding of that Note; or  
 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichba-
ren Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung eines 
Erstattungsanspruches 
hätte 
vermeiden 
können, aber nicht vermieden hat; oder 
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would have been able to avoid 
by presenting any form or certificate and/or 
making a declaration of non-residence or 
similar claim for exemption or refund but has 
failed to do so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verord-
nung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung, eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über de-
ren Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, oder 
der Staat, in dem die Garantin steuerlich an-
sässig ist, oder die Europäische Union betei-
ligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, 
die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, Vereinba-
rung, Verständigung oder dieses Abkommen 
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pursu-
ant to (i) any European Union directive or 
regulation concerning the taxation of inter-
est income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which the Issuer's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes or the Guar-
antor's country of domicile for tax purposes 
or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying 
with such directive, regulation, treaty, agree-
ment or understanding; or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder ein-
zubehalten sind; oder 
 
[falls auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwend-
bar, einfügen:  
(d) 
die aufgrund des niederländischen Quellen-
steuergesetzes 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021) einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; 
oder] 
[if 
applicable 
to 
the 
Notes 
insert:  
 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is re-
quired to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding 
Tax 
Act 
2021 
(Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or] 
 
 
[(d)][(e)] die im Falle einer Kombination der vorge-
nannten Varianten einzubehalten oder ab-
zuziehen sind. 
[(d)][(e)] which are to be withheld or deducted in 
the case of any combination of the above 
items. 
 
 
Weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin sind ver-
pflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, die 
gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des US-amerikani-
schen Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils gelten-
den Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestimmun-
gen), gemäß zwischenstaatlichen Abkommen, ge-
mäß den in einer anderen Rechtsordnung in Zu-
sammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen erlasse-
nen Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit 
dem US-amerikanischen Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen Verträgen von der Emittentin bzw. 
von der Garantin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder ei-
nem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbe-
halten wurden, ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") oder Anlei-
hegläubiger anderweitig in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts deducted or 
withheld by the Issuer or by the Guarantor, the rel-
evant Paying Agent or any other party in relation to 
any withholding or deduction of any amounts in ac-
cordance with the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (as amended or 
in accordance with any successor provisions), in ac-
cordance with any inter-governmental agreement, 
or implementing legislation adopted by another ju-
risdiction in connection with these provisions, or in 
accordance with any agreement with the U.S. Inter-
nal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"), or to 
otherwise indemnify any Noteholder in relation to 
any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegungsfrist, Verjährungsfrist 
§ 7 
Presentation Period, Prescription Period 
 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetz-
buch (BGB) für fällige Schuldverschreibun-
gen wird auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation Period. The period for presen-
tation of Notes due, as established in 
§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – BGB), is re-
duced to ten years. 
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für An-
sprüche aus innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist 
zur Zahlung vorgelegten Schuldverschrei-
bungen beträgt zwei Jahre von dem Ende 
der betreffenden Vorlegungsfrist an. 
(b) 
Prescription Period. The period for prescrip-
tion for claims under the Notes presented for 
payment during the presentation period 
shall be two years beginning at the end of 
the relevant presentation period. 
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe 
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann jeder Anleihegläubiger seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Text-
form an die Emittentin, die bei der Emittentin oder 
alternativ bei dem Fiscal Agent abzugeben ist, fäl-
lig stellen. Der Mitteilung ist ein Nachweis beizufü-
gen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende An-
leihegläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Mit-
teilung Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschrei-
bung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheini-
gung der Depotbank (wie in § 14(c) definiert) oder 
auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Die 
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
each Noteholder may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or, 
alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evi-
dence that such Noteholder at the time of such no-
tice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of its Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) or 
in any other appropriate manner, declare its Notes 
due and payable, whereupon the Notes of such 
Noteholder will become immediately due and pay-
able at the Redemption Amount without further ac-
tion or formality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 95 ---
95
Schuldverschreibungen dieses Anleihegläubigers 
werden daraufhin sofort zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
fällig, ohne dass es weiterer Handlungen oder For-
malitäten bedarf: 
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin zahlt Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht innerhalb von 30 Ge-
schäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; oder 
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer to pay 
any amount of interest or principal in respect 
of the Notes within 30 Business Days of the 
due date for payment of that amount; or 
 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin unterlässt die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen, und die Unter-
lassung dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, nach-
dem der Fiscal Agent von einem Anleihe-
gläubiger hierüber in Kenntnis gesetzt 
wurde; oder 
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obligations. 
The Issuer fails to duly perform any other ma-
terial obligation under the Notes and any 
such failure continues for more than 60 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received notice 
thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
(c) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(c) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin gibt ihre Zahlungsunfä-
higkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre Zah-
lungen ein; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer announces its inability to 
meet 
its 
financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or suspends 
payments; or 
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzver-
fahren gegen die Emittentin; oder 
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer; or  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin geht in die Liquidation 
oder wird abgewickelt oder aufgelöst 
(sofern dies nicht für die Zwecke oder 
als Folge eines Zusammenschlusses, 
einer Umstrukturierung oder Sanie-
rung geschieht, bei dem bzw. der die 
Emittentin noch zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die fortführende Ge-
sellschaft im Wesentlichen alle Ver-
mögenswerte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin übernimmt).  
(iii) 
the Issuer enters into a winding up or 
dissolution and liquidation (other than 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganization or re-
structuring whilst solvent, where the 
continuing entity assumes substan-
tially all of the assets and obligations 
of the Issuer). 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann jeder Anleihegläubiger seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Text-
form an die Emittentin und die Garantin, die bei der 
Emittentin und der Garantin oder alternativ bei 
dem Fiscal Agent abzugeben ist, fällig stellen. Der 
Mitteilung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Anleihegläubiger 
zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Mitteilung Inhaber 
der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der De-
potbank (wie in § 14(c) definiert) oder auf andere 
geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Die Schuldver-
schreibungen dieses Anleihegläubigers werden 
daraufhin sofort zum Rückzahlungsbetrag fällig, 
ohne dass es weiterer Handlungen oder Formalitä-
ten bedarf: 
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
each Noteholder may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and deliv-
ered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or, alterna-
tively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evidence that 
such Noteholder at the time of such notice is a 
holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certifi-
cate of its Custodian (as defined in § 14(c)) or in any 
other appropriate manner, declare its Notes due 
and payable, whereupon the Notes of such Note-
holder will become immediately due and payable 
at the Redemption Amount without further action 
or formality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Weder die Emittentin noch die 
Garantin zahlt Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen inner-
halb von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by both the Issuer and 
the Guarantor to pay any amount of interest 
or principal in respect of the Notes within 30 
Business Days of the due date for payment 
of that amount; or 
 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner sonstigen wesentlichen Ver-
pflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
oder der Garantie, und die Unterlassung 
dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, nachdem der 
Fiscal Agent von einem Anleihegläubiger 
hierüber in Kenntnis gesetzt wurde; oder 
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obligations. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor fails to duly per-
form any other material obligation under the 
Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, 
and any such failure continues for more than 
60 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
(c) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(c) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt 
oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein oder die 
Emittentin beantragt ein "surseance 
van betaling" (im Sinne des niederlän-
dischen Insolvenzrechts), oder 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor announces 
its inability to meet its financial obliga-
tions (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or sus-
pends payments or the Issuer applies 
for a "surseance van betaling" (within 
the meaning of the bankruptcy laws of 
The Netherlands); or 
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzver-
fahren gegen die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin; oder 
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor; or  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin geht 
in die Liquidation oder wird abgewi-
ckelt oder aufgelöst (sofern dies nicht 
für die Zwecke oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, einer Umstruktu-
rierung oder Sanierung geschieht, bei 
dem bzw. der die Emittentin bzw. die 
Garantin noch zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die fortführende Ge-
sellschaft im Wesentlichen alle Ver-
mögenswerte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin bzw. der Garantin über-
nimmt); oder 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor enters into 
a winding up or dissolution and liqui-
dation (other than for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, re-
organization or restructuring whilst 
solvent, where the continuing entity 
assumes substantially all of the assets 
and obligations of the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be)); or 
 
 
(d) 
Unwirksamkeit der Garantie. Die Garantie 
wird mit rechtskräftiger Entscheidung eines 
zuständigen Gerichts für nicht vollumfäng-
lich wirksam erklärt oder die Garantin be-
hauptet einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit und 
dieser Mangel wird nicht innerhalb von zehn 
Geschäftstagen behoben. 
(d) 
Guarantee not in force. The Guarantee is de-
termined by the final decision of a compe-
tent court or is claimed by the Guarantor not 
to be in full force and effect and such defect 
is not corrected within ten Business Days. 
 
 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent, Zahlstelle und Berechnungs-
stelle 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Calcula-
tion Agent  
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung und bezeichnete Geschäftsstel-
len. Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle und ihre jeweiligen an-
fänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen sind 
wie folgt festgelegt: 
(a) 
Appointment and Specified Offices. The Fis-
cal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calcu-
lation Agent and their respective initial spec-
ified offices are as follows: 
 
 
"Fiscal Agent" und "Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 97 ---
97
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Name und Adresse einfügen] 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address] 
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, je-
derzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam 
mit der vorgenannten Zahlstelle die "Zahl-
stellen" und jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu bestel-
len. 
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (together 
with the Paying Agent specified above, the 
"Paying Agents" and each a "Paying 
Agent"). 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht 
vor, die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent, der 
Zahlstellen und der Berechnungsstelle je-
derzeit zu ändern oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) ei-
nen Fiscal Agent, eine Zahlstelle und eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
und, 
(ii) solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung 
der Emittentin an einer Börse notiert werden, 
soweit erforderlich eine Zahlstelle mit einer 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle in dem nach 
den Regeln der betreffenden Börse vorge-
schriebenen Land unterhalten. Der Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Berechnungs-
stelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäfts-
stelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. Mittei-
lungen hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen im 
Hinblick auf den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen 
und die Berechnungsstelle oder deren be-
zeichnete Geschäftsstellen erfolgen gegen-
über den Anleihegläubigern unverzüglich 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 11. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, a Paying Agent and a Calculation 
Agent and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange at the initiative of the 
Issuer, a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in such country as may be required by the 
rules of the relevant stock exchange. The Fis-
cal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calcu-
lation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to 
some other specified office in the same coun-
try. Notice of all changes in the identities or 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent, the Pay-
ing Agents or the Calculation Agent will be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders with-
out undue delay (unverzüglich) in accord-
ance with § 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Beauftragte der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent, 
die Zahlstelle(n) und die Berechnungsstelle 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der 
Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Ver-
pflichtungen gegenüber den Anleihegläubi-
gern, und es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treu-
handverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den An-
leihegläubigern begründet.  
(c) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
have any obligations towards, nor any rela-
tionship of agency or trust to, any of the 
Noteholders. 
 
 
(d) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Wenn die Emittentin 
gemäß diesen Bedingungen einen Unab-
hängigen Berater bestellt, dann ist § 9(c) 
entsprechend auf den Unabhängigen Bera-
ter anzuwenden. 
(d) 
Independent Adviser. If the Issuer appoints 
an Independent Adviser in accordance with 
these Conditions, § 9(c) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the Independent Adviser. 
 
 
§ 10 Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 10 Issuer Substitution 
 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustim-
mung der Anleihegläubiger eine andere Gesell-
schaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der Emittentin 
kontrolliert wird, als neue Emittentin für alle sich 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, substitute for the Issuer any other 
company which is directly or indirectly controlled by 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen ergebenden Verpflichtungen mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emittentin an 
die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue Emit-
tentin"), sofern 
the Issuer, as new issuer (the "New Issuer") in re-
spect of all obligations under or in connection with 
the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if: 
following 
applies: 
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen übernimmt und, so-
fern eine Zustellung an die Neue Emit-
tentin außerhalb der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland erfolgen müsste, einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New Is-
suer were to be effected outside the 
Federal Republic of Germany, ap-
points a process agent within the Fed-
eral Republic of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche Beträge in der Festgelegten 
Währung an das Clearingsystem oder 
an dessen Order zu zahlen, die zur Er-
füllung der aus oder im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtun-
gen zu zahlen sind, und zwar ohne Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den Ländern), in 
dem (in denen) die Neue Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, auferlegt, ein-
gezogen, einbehalten, abgezogen, 
festgesetzt oder erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or to its order 
all amounts in the Specified Currency 
required for the performance of the 
payment obligations under or in con-
nection with the Notes, and without 
deducting or withholding any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature im-
posed, levied, collected, withheld, de-
ducted, assessed or charged by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile for tax pur-
poses; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwi-
derruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen Emittentin aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen zu Bedingungen garan-
tiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger wirtschaftlich so gestellt 
wird, wie er ohne die Ersetzung stehen 
würde. 
(iii) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevo-
cably guarantees such obligations of 
the New Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that each Note-
holder will be put in an economic po-
sition that is as favorable as that which 
would have existed if the substitution 
had not taken place. 
 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung gemäß § 10(a) 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Be-
dingungen auf die Emittentin als eine 
solche auf die Neue Emittentin. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution in accord-
ance with § 10(a), any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall be 
a reference to the New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die jeweilige Bezug-
nahme entweder weiterhin nur auf die 
Allianz SE erfolgen soll oder dass die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin 
und gleichzeitig auch auf die Allianz 
SE im Hinblick auf deren jeweilige 
steuerliche Ansässigkeit und die Ver-
pflichtungen der Allianz SE aus der 
Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) erfolgen 
soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the 
meaning and purpose of the relevant 
condition does not require that the rel-
evant reference shall continue to be a 
reference only to Allianz SE, or that the 
reference shall be to the New Issuer 
and Allianz SE, in relation to their re-
spective domicile for tax purposes and 
to Allianz SE's obligations under the 
guarantee 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 10(a)(iii), at the same time.

--- Page 99 ---
99
 
(ii) 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungs-
grund als aufgenommen, der dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) mit rechtskräftiger Ent-
scheidung eines zuständigen Gerichts 
für nicht vollumfänglich wirksam er-
klärt wird oder die Garantin einen 
Mangel der Wirksamkeit behauptet 
und dieser Mangel nicht innerhalb 
von zehn Geschäftstagen behoben 
wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default shall 
be deemed to have been included; 
such event of default shall exist in the 
case that the Guarantee in accord-
ance with § 10(a)(iii) is determined by 
the final decision of a competent court 
or is claimed by the Guarantor not to 
be in full force and effect and such de-
fect is not corrected within ten Busi-
ness Days. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger die Ga-
rantin oder eine andere Gesellschaft, die di-
rekt oder indirekt von der Garantin kontrol-
liert wird, als neue Emittentin für alle sich aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen ergebenden Verpflichtungen 
mit schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emit-
tentin an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen 
(die "Neue Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the con-
sent of the Noteholders, substitute for the Is-
suer either the Guarantor or any other com-
pany which is directly or indirectly controlled 
by the Guarantor as new issuer (the "New Is-
suer") in respect of all obligations under or in 
connection with the Notes with the effect of 
releasing the Issuer of all such obligations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies:  
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen übernimmt und, so-
fern eine Zustellung an die Neue Emit-
tentin außerhalb der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland erfolgen müsste, einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New Is-
suer were to be effected outside the 
Federal Republic of Germany, ap-
points a process agent within the Fed-
eral Republic of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche Beträge in der Festgelegten 
Währung an das Clearingsystem oder 
an dessen Order zu zahlen, die zur Er-
füllung der aus oder im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtun-
gen zu zahlen sind, und zwar ohne Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den Ländern), in 
dem (in denen) die Neue Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, auferlegt, ein-
gezogen, einbehalten, abgezogen, 
festgesetzt oder erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or to its order 
all amounts in the Specified Currency 
required for the performance of the 
payment obligations under or in con-
nection with the Notes, and without 
deducting or withholding any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature im-
posed, levied, collected, withheld, de-
ducted, assessed or charged by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile for tax pur-
poses; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Garantin (außer in dem Fall, dass 
sie selbst die Neue Emittentin ist) un-
bedingt und unwiderruflich die Ver-
pflichtungen der Neuen Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die sicher-
stellen, dass jeder Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde. 
(iii) 
the Guarantor (except in the case that 
the Guarantor itself is the New Issuer) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guar-
antees such obligations of the New Is-
suer under the Notes on terms which 
ensure that each Noteholder will be 
put in an economic position that is as 
favorable as that which would have

--- Page 100 ---
100 
existed if the substitution had not 
taken place. 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung ge-
mäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Bedingungen auf die Emittentin als eine sol-
che auf die Neue Emittentin. 
(b) 
References. In the event of a substitution in 
accordance with § 10(a), any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall be a ref-
erence to the New Issuer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Mitteilung und Wirksamwerden der Erset-
zung. Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
Mit der Mitteilung wird die Ersetzung wirk-
sam und die Emittentin und im Fall einer wie-
derholten Anwendung dieses § 10 jede 
frühere Neue Emittentin von ihren sämtli-
chen Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen frei.  
(c) 
Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. No-
tice of any substitution of the Issuer shall be 
given by notice to the Noteholders in accord-
ance with § 11. Upon such notice, the substi-
tution shall become effective, and the Issuer 
and in the event of a repeated application of 
this § 10, any previous New Issuer shall be 
discharged from any and all obligations un-
der the Notes.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 11 Mitteilungen 
§ 11 Notices 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger Wert-
papierbörse 
notiert sind, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen auf der Internet-Seite 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse.  
(a) 
Publications on the website of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange.  
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
listed on the 
Luxembourg 
Stock Ex-
change, the 
following 
applies: 
(i) 
Alle Mitteilungen, die die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffen, werden vor-
behaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden 
§ 11(a)(ii) auf der Internetseite der Lu-
xemburger Wertpapierbörse (derzeit 
www.luxse.com) 
veröffentlicht, 
so-
lange die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zum 
Handel an der Luxemburger Wertpa-
pierbörse zugelassen sind und die Re-
geln der Luxemburger Wertpapier-
börse dies vorsehen. Jede solche Mit-
teilung gilt am Tag ihrer Veröffentli-
chung (oder falls sie mehr als einmal 
veröffentlicht wird, am Tag der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(i) 
Subject to § 11(a)(ii) below, for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
at the initiative of the Issuer and the 
rules of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change so require, all notices concern-
ing the Notes shall be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (currently www.luxse.com). 
Any such notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on 
the day of its publication (or, if pub-
lished more than once, on the day of 
the first such publication). 
 
(ii) 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach § 11(a)(i) durch eine Mitteilung 
nach § 11(b) ersetzen. 
(ii) 
To the extent the rules of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice 
in accordance with § 11(b) instead of 
publication pursuant § 11(a)(i). 
 
 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibun-
gen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clea-
ringsystem zur Weiterleitung seitens des 
Clearingsystems an die Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln.  
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
will deliver all notices concerning the Notes 
to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Noteholders. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
(c) 
Bekanntmachungen im Bundesanzeiger. 
Wenn eine die Schuldverschreibungen be-
treffende Mitteilung nach anwendbarem 
(c) 
Notices in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). If the publication of any 
notice concerning the Notes is required to be 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the

--- Page 101 ---
101
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Recht im Bundesanzeiger bekanntzuma-
chen ist, erfolgt zusätzlich die Veröffentli-
chung der betreffenden Mitteilung durch die 
Emittentin im Bundesanzeiger. Die Veröf-
fentlichung einer solchen Mitteilung im Bun-
desanzeiger berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
einer Mitteilung gemäß § 11(a) und (b). 
made by applicable law in the German Fed-
eral Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), the relevant 
notice shall also be published by the Issuer in 
the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzei-
ger). The publication of any such notice in the 
German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
shall be without prejudice to the efficacy of 
any notice made in accordance with § 11(a) 
and (b). 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die 
nicht, oder 
nicht auf 
Veranlas-
sung der 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse no-
tiert sind, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung seitens des Clearingsystems an 
die Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als wirksam ge-
genüber den Anleihegläubigern erfolgt. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
on the fifth day after the day on which the said no-
tice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case 
of Notes 
which are 
not listed or 
not listed 
at the initia-
tive of the Is-
suer, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 12 Weitere Emissionen 
§ 12 Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
mit gleicher Ausstattung wie die Schuldverschrei-
bungen (sofern erforderlich mit Ausnahme des Ta-
ges der Begebung, des Zinslaufbeginns und/oder 
des Emissionspreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. Der Begriff "Schuldver-
schreibungen" umfasst im Fall einer solchen Auf-
stockung auch solche weiteren Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Note-
holders, issue further notes having the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes (if necessary, except 
for the date of issue, the interest commencement 
date and/or the issue price) so as to form a single 
series with the Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in the 
event of such increase, also comprise such further 
notes. 
 
 
§ 13 Änderung der Bedingungen durch Be-
schluss der Anleihegläubiger; gemeinsa-
mer Vertreter[, Änderung der Garantie] 
§ 13 Amendments to the Conditions by Resolu-
tion of the Noteholders; Joint Representa-
tive[, Amendments to the Guarantee] 
 
 
(a) 
Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann die Bedingungen mit Zustimmung auf-
grund Mehrheitsbeschlusses der Anleihe-
gläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des Ge-
setzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Ge-
samtemissionen in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
SchVG) (das "SchVG") ändern. Eine Ände-
rung der Bedingungen ohne Zustimmung 
der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
Amendment to the Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Conditions with the consent 
of a majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the German Act on 
Issues of Debt Securities, as amended (Ge-
setz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – Schuldverschreibungs-
gesetz – SchVG) (the "SchVG"). An amend-
ment of the Conditions without the Issuer's 
consent is ruled out.  
 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der Be-
dingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 
SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger mit den in 
dem nachstehenden § 13(b) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under § 5(3) 
SchVG by resolutions passed by such major-
ity of the votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 13(b) below. A duly passed majority

--- Page 102 ---
102 
gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle An-
leihegläubiger verbindlich. 
resolution will be binding upon all Notehold-
ers. 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung 
der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit kön-
nen die Anleihegläubiger Beschlüsse mit der 
einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte fassen. Be-
schlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche In-
halt der Bedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 
75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (eine "Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen der Emittentin oder einem mit 
ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (im Sinne des 
§ 271 Absatz 2 Handelsgesetzbuch (HGB)) 
zustehen oder für Rechnung der Emittentin 
oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unterneh-
mens gehalten werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements. Except as provided 
by the following sentence and provided that 
the quorum requirements are being satisfied, 
the Noteholders may pass resolutions by 
simple majority of the voting rights partici-
pating in the vote. Resolutions which materi-
ally change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 
through 9 SchVG, require a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the voting rights partici-
pating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority") in 
order to be valid. The voting right is sus-
pended as long as any Notes are attributa-
ble to the Issuer or any of its affiliates (within 
the meaning of § 271(2) HGB) or are being 
held for the account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubi-
ger werden entweder in einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung nach § 13(c)(i) oder im Wege der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
nach 
§ 13(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der Emittentin 
oder ggf. einem gemeinsamen Vertreter ein-
berufen wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the Noteholders 
will be made either in a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) 
in 
accordance 
with § 13(c)(i) or by means of a vote without 
a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Ver-
sammlung) in accordance with § 13(c)(ii), in 
either case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any.  
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversamm-
lung werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG ge-
troffen. Die Einberufung der Gläubi-
gerversammlung regelt die weiteren 
Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung 
und der Abstimmung. In der Tagesord-
nung zur Gläubigerversammlung wer-
den die Beschlussgegenstände sowie 
die Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung 
den Anleihegläubigern bekannt ge-
geben.  
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
noteholders' meeting (Gläubigerver-
sammlung) will be made pursuant to 
§ 9 et seq. SchVG. The convening no-
tice 
of 
a 
noteholders' 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) will provide 
the further details relating to the reso-
lutions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions will be noti-
fied to Noteholders in the agenda of 
the noteholders' meeting (Gläubiger-
versammlung).  
 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Ver-
sammlung werden nach § 18 SchVG 
getroffen. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe durch den Abstim-
mungsleiter regelt die weiteren Einzel-
heiten der Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe werden die Be-
schlussgegenstände sowie die Vor-
schläge zur Beschlussfassung den An-
leihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a vote without a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) will be made pursuant to 
§ 18 SchVG. The request for voting as 
submitted by the chairperson (Abstim-
mungsleiter) will provide the further 
details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject mat-
ter of the vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified to Note-
holders together with the request for 
voting.

--- Page 103 ---
103
 
(d) 
Zweite Versammlung. Wird die Beschlussfä-
higkeit bei der Gläubigerversammlung ge-
mäß § 13(c)(i) oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(c)(ii) nicht festge-
stellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne des § 15 Ab-
satz 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. 
(d) 
Second Meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) 
in 
accordance 
with § 13(c)(i) or the vote without a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with § 13(c)(ii), the chairper-
son (Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a sec-
ond meeting within the meaning of § 15(3) 
sentence 3 SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist 
von einer Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss bis zum drit-
ten Tag vor der Versammlung im Falle einer 
Gläubigerversammlung (wie in § 13(c)(i) 
oder § 13(d) beschrieben) bzw. vor dem Be-
ginn des Abstimmungszeitraums im Falle ei-
ner Abstimmung ohne Versammlung (wie in 
§ 13(c)(ii) beschrieben) unter der in der Auf-
forderung zur Stimmabgabe angegebenen 
Anschrift zugehen. Zusammen mit der An-
meldung müssen Anleihegläubiger den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch eine besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank 
(wie in § 14(c) definiert) in Textform und die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank 
erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die re-
levanten Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der An-
meldung (einschließlich) bis zu dem angege-
benen Ende der Versammlung (einschließ-
lich) bzw. dem Ende des Abstimmungszeit-
raums (einschließlich) nicht übertragen wer-
den können. 
(e) 
Registration. The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Notehold-
ers. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day prior to the meeting 
in the case of a noteholders' meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) (as described in 
§ 13(c)(i) or § 13(d)) or the beginning of the 
voting period in the case of a vote without a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) (as described in § 13(c)(ii)), as the 
case may be. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibil-
ity to participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of their respective Cus-
todian (as defined in § 14(c)) hereof in text 
form and by submission of a blocking instruc-
tion by the Custodian stating that the rele-
vant Notes are not transferable from and in-
cluding the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting or day the voting period ends, as the 
case may be. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläubi-
ger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss die 
Bestellung oder Abberufung eines gemein-
samen Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befug-
nisse des gemeinsamen Vertreters und die 
Übertragung von Rechten der Anleihegläu-
biger auf den gemeinsamen Vertreter be-
stimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehr-
heit, wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, Ände-
rungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der Bedin-
gungen gemäß § 13(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint Representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the ap-
pointment or dismissal of a joint representa-
tive, the duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative and the 
transfer of the rights of the Noteholders to 
the joint representative. Appointment of a 
joint representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified Majority if such joint representative 
is to be authorized to consent to a material 
change in the substance of the Conditions in 
accordance with § 13(a). 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben 
und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder von den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Weisungen 
der Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Geltendma-
chung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger er-
mächtigt ist, sind die Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung 
dieser 
The joint representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolution of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply with the in-
structions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the joint representative has been au-
thorized to assert certain rights of the Note-
holders, the Noteholders shall not be enti-
tled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der entspre-
chende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies aus-
drücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der ge-
meinsame Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern 
zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemein-
samen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
resolution. The joint representative shall pro-
vide reports to the Noteholders on its activi-
ties. The regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the dismissal and the other rights 
and obligations of the joint representative. 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist 
auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergü-
tung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsa-
men Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahr-
lässigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
willful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negli-
gence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint repre-
sentative's liability shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remunera-
tion. 
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 13 erfolgen gemäß den 
§§ 5ff. SchVG. 
(g) 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 13 will 
be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
SE begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführ-
ten auf die Änderung der Bedingungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinnge-
mäß für Änderungen der Bedingungen einer 
etwaigen Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) An-
wendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the amend-
ment of the Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to amendments of the terms of any 
guarantee 
given 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz SE, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführ-
ten auf die Änderung der Bedingungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinnge-
mäß für Änderungen der Bedingungen der 
Garantie und der Bedingungen einer etwai-
gen Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) Anwendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the amend-
ment of the Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to amendments of the terms of the 
Guarantee and the terms of any guarantee 
given in accordance with § 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 14 Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand  
§ 14 Applicable Law and Jurisdiction 
 
 
(a) 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich dar-
aus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten be-
stimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland und sind 
entsprechend auszulegen. 
(a) 
Applicable Law. The form and the content of 
the Notes as well as all the rights and duties 
arising therefrom are exclusively governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen mit 
einem Fest-
gelegten 
Nennbetrag 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines aus-
schließlichen Gerichtsstandes für besondere 
rechtliche Streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang 
mit dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main nicht-
ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für sämtliche 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Kla-
gen oder sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechtsstrei-
tigkeiten"). 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in con-
nection with the SchVG, non-exclusive court 
of venue for any action or other legal pro-
ceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with a 
Specified 
Denomina-
tion of less 
than EUR 
100,000, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 105 ---
105
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen mit 
einem Fest-
gelegten 
Nennbetrag 
von mindes-
tens EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines aus-
schließlichen Gerichtsstandes für besondere 
rechtliche Streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang 
mit dem SchVG ist ausschließlich das Land-
gericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland zuständig für sämtliche aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in con-
nection with the SchVG, the regional court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal 
Republic of Germany, shall be the exclusive 
court of venue for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with a 
Specified 
Denomina-
tion of at 
least EUR 
100,000, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechts-
streitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Anleihegläubi-
ger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine 
Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen geltend zu machen ge-
gen Vorlage  
(c) 
Judicial Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer or to 
which the Noteholder and the Issuer are par-
ties enforce in its own name its rights arising 
under such Notes upon presentation of  
 
 
(i) 
einer Bescheinigung der Depotbank, 
die (A) den vollen Namen und die 
volle Anschrift des Anleihegläubigers 
bezeichnet, (B) den Gesamtnennbe-
trag von Schuldverschreibungen an-
gibt, die am Ausstellungstag dieser 
Bescheinigung den bei dieser Depot-
bank bestehenden Depots dieses An-
leihegläubigers gutgeschrieben sind, 
und (C) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
dem Clearingsystem und dem Fiscal 
Agent eine schriftliche Mitteilung zu-
geleitet hat, die die Angaben gemäß 
Buchstaben (A) und (B) enthält und 
Bestätigungsvermerke des Clearing-
systems sowie des jeweiligen Clea-
ringsystem-Kontoinhabers trägt; und 
(i) 
a certificate issued by the Custodian( 
A) stating the full name and address 
of the Noteholder, (B) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes 
credited on the date of such statement 
to such Noteholder's securities ac-
count(s) maintained with such Custo-
dian and (C) confirming that the Cus-
todian has given a written notice to 
the Clearing System as well as to the 
Fiscal Agent containing the infor-
mation specified in clauses (A) and (B) 
and bearing acknowledgements of 
the Clearing System and the relevant 
Clearing System accountholder; and 
 
 
(ii) 
einer Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefen-
den Globalurkunde, deren Überein-
stimmung mit dem Original eine ver-
tretungsberechtigte Person des Clea-
ringsystems oder des Fiscal Agent be-
stätigt hat[; und][,] 
(ii) 
a copy of the Global Note represent-
ing the relevant Notes certified as be-
ing a true copy by an authorized of-
ficer the Clearing System or of the Fis-
cal Agent[; and][,] 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen mit 
einem Fest-
gelegten 
Nennbetrag 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(iii)  
eines anderen, in Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
in dem Land der Geltendmachung zu-
lässigen Beweismittels, 
(iii)  
any other means of evidence permit-
ted in legal proceedings in the country 
of enforcement, 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with a 
Specified 
Denomina-
tion of less 
than EUR 
100,000, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbrie-
fenden Globalurkunde in einer solchen 
Rechtsstreitigkeit erforderlich wäre. 
without the need for production in such Pro-
ceedings of the actual records or the Global 
Note representing the Notes. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeich-
net "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonsti-
ges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berech-
tigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben, und bei der/dem der Anleihe-
gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
ein-
schließlich des Clearingsystems. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to en-
gage in securities custody business with 
which the Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and which in-
cludes the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die von 
der Allianz 
Finance II 
B.V. bzw. Al-
lianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
begeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(d) 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigte. Für etwaige 
Gerichtsverfahren, die zwischen den Anleihe-
gläubigern und der Emittentin vor Gerichten 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geführt 
werden, hat die Emittentin die Allianz SE, 
München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zur 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten bestellt. 
(d) 
Agent for service of process. For litigation, if 
any, between the Noteholders and the Issuer 
which is brought before courts in the Federal 
Republic of Germany, the Issuer has ap-
pointed Allianz SE, Munich, Federal Republic 
of Germany, as agent for service of process. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Alli-
anz Finance 
II B.V. or Alli-
anz Finance 
III B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Falls die Bedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abge-
fasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Conditions are in German with an English 
translation, insert: 
 
 
§ 15 Sprache 
§ 15 Language 
 
 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache ab-
gefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
These Conditions are written in the German lan-
guage and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
non-binding.]

--- Page 107 ---
107
[In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg: The Final Terms 
will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("www.luxse.com").]  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distri-
bution channels.]1  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Ge-
genparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst 
und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen 
sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Be-
urteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Über-
nahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestim-
men.]2  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into considera-
tion the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Prod-
uct Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – 
Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsver-
fahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete 
Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verord-
nung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst 
und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen 
sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Be-
urteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product In-
tervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4 
 
1 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only".  
2 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich Professio-
nelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".  
3 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only". 
The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance leg-
end or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
4 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich Professio-
nelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS

--- Page 108 ---
108 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the pur-
poses of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclu-
sion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR2 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counter-
parties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subse-
quently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution chan-
nels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]3.]4  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GE-
GENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktge-
nehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeig-
nete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, 
"MiFID II"), umfasst; ENTWEDER5 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anla-
geberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER6 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter 
MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der 
Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]7, zu bestimmen.]8  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the pur-
poses of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclu-
sion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER9 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
 
Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Kon-
zepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
1 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines").  
2 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales 
are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the 
Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
3 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
4 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". 
5 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) 
(die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind.  
6 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst 
werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und 
Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kunden-
aufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.  
7 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.  
8 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
9 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS).

--- Page 109 ---
109
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]1] OR2 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]3.]4 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GE-
GENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktge-
nehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinan-
leger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; ENTWEDER5 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistun-
gen]6] ODER7 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien 
angemessen sind, und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlage-
beratung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Ziel-
märkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunter-
nehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-
Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Über-
nahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maß-
gabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]8, zu bestimmen.]9 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
 
1 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
2 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
3 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without the need to make the determi-
nation of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
4 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". The legend may not be 
necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. De-
pending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR 
product governance legend or both are included. 
5 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). 
6 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen 
Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den Beispielen der 
ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
7 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). Diese Liste muss gegebenen-
falls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Ge-
eignetheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträ-
gen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. 
8 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern 
ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Geeignetheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
9 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR 
unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entwe-
der die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or super-
seded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonsti-
gen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestim-
mung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger 
im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderli-
ches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document re-
quired by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN GB – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht 
an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet 
der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung (der 
"FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen 
wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, 
wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der 
Prospektverordnung ist, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt 
für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; 
daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB nach 
der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]4 
 
1 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable".  
2 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklä-
ren.  
3 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". The assumption is that if there 
are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa 
such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless specified as "Not Appli-
cable". 
4 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. 
Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Ver-
einigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Euro-
päischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht für "Nicht anwendbar" erklärt wurden.

--- Page 111 ---
111
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regula-
tions 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der "SFA") und den Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit 
alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital 
markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products defin-
iert) handelt.]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Allianz SE] 
[Allianz Finance II B.V.] [Allianz Finance III B.V.] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [529900K9B0N5BT694847] [529900C9NVPTCPDI1D65] [5299000TG8YATYNK8P87] 
 
[Offer][Issue] of 
[Angebot][Emission] von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
under the 
unter dem 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. und Allianz Finance III B.V. 
[guaranteed by Allianz SE 
garantiert durch die Allianz SE] 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 113 ---
113
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These Final Terms have been prepared 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 23 May 2024 [(as supplemented by the supplement(s) 
to the base prospectus dated [●])] (the "Base Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
("www.luxse.com"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the [offer][issue] of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combi-
nation of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[In the case of an increase of Notes insert: 
This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the programme terms and conditions of the notes which 
are extracted from the base prospectus dated [[23 May 2012][, as amended by [the 1st supplement dated 9 August 2012] [and] [the 3rd supple-
ment dated 4 March 2013]]] [and] [23 May 2013] [and] [22 May 2014] [and] [[2 June 2015][, as amended by [the 1st supplement dated 24 Au-
gust 2015] [and] [the 2nd supplement dated 19 November 2015]]] [and] [2 May 2016] [and] [27 April 2017] [and] [26 April 2018] [and] [30 April 
2019] [and] [12 May 2020] [and] [14 April 2021] [and] [19 May 2022] [and] [22 May 2023] and which have been incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus (the "Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes [insert year]") [and save in respect of the guarantee which is extracted 
from the base prospectus dated [23 May 2012] [and] [23 May 2013] [and] [26 April 2018] [and] [12 May 2020] [and] [14 April 2021] [and] [18 
May 2022] and which has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (the "[Senior] Guarantee with respect to [Allianz Finance II 
B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] [insert year]")].]1 
[A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]2  
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar (die "Endgültigen 
Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parla-
ments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basispros-
pekt vom 23. Mai 2024 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] [Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Ba-
sisprospekt im Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektroni-
scher Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse ("www.luxse.com") eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin[, die Garantin] und [das Angebot][die Emission] der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingun-
gen und dem Basisprospekt enthalten.  
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Dieses Dokument ist in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt zu lesen, mit Ausnahme der Programm-Anleihebedingungen, die dem Basispros-
pekt vom [[23. Mai 2012][, geändert durch [den ersten Nachtrag vom 9. August 2012] [und] [den dritten Nachtrag vom 4. März 2013]]] [und] 
[23. Mai 2013] [und] [22. Mai 2014] [und] [[2. Juni 2015][, geändert durch [den ersten Nachtrag vom 24. August 2015] [und] [den zweiten 
Nachtrag vom 19. November 2015]]] [und] [2. Mai 2016] [und] [27. April 2017] [und] [26. April 2018] [und] [30. April 2019] [und] [12. Mai 
2020] [und] [14. April 2021] [und] [19. Mai 2022] [und] [22. Mai 2023] entnommen wurden, und die per Verweis in den Prospekt einbezogen 
sind (die "Programm-Anleihebedingungen [Jahr einfügen]") [sowie mit Ausnahme der Garantie, die dem Basisprospekt vom [23. Mai 2012] 
[und] [23. Mai 2013] [und] [26. April 2018] [und] [12. Mai 2020] [und] [14. April 2021] [und] [18. Mai 2022] entnommen wurde, und die per 
Verweis in den Prospekt einbezogen ist (die "Garantie in Bezug auf [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] [Jahr einfügen]").]3 
[Eine Zusammenfassung für die einzelne Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]4  
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing 
the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the particular Tranche of a Series of Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the English language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
 
1 
Insert in the case of an issue of Notes, which will be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued in the relevant year. 
2 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or EUR 100,000 equivalent of any 
other currency.  
3 
Im Falle einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen einsetzen, die mit im relevanten Jahre begebenen Schuldverschreibungen konsolidiert 
werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
4 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag einer anderen Währung.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
[In the case of [non-interest bearing] Notes [with fixed interest rates] replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further options contained 
therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [non-interest bearing] Notes [with 
[fixed] [floating] interest rates] set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] (the "Terms and Conditions"). Capitalized terms shall 
have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions 
corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the "Conditions").] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, 
even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final 
Terms.] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der betreffenden im 
Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) 
bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:] 
Die für eine bestimmte Tranche einer Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von [unverzinslichen] Schuldverschreibungen [mit fester Verzinsung] hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden 
weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im 
Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) 
bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf [unverzinsliche] Schuldverschrei-
bungen [mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung] Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "An-
leihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze 
der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den End-
gültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausge-
füllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder 
angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen 
(die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
[Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Reihenfolge der Num-
merierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten 
kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen Bedingungen.]

--- Page 115 ---
115
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegter Nennbetrag, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●]1 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●]2 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]3 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]4 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]5 
Festgelegter Nennbetrag: 
[●]6 
☐ 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent 
Global Note 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauer-
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Permanent Global Note 
 
 
Dauer-Globalurkunde 
 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clearstream 
Frankfurt 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch Clear-
stream Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
1 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes.  
2 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.  
3 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
4 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
5 
In case of Fixed Rate Notes: The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an 
amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. In case of Floating Rate Notes: The 
minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 1,000. 
6 
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen: Der Festgelegte Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000 oder, 
soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibun-
gen mindestens EUR 1.000 entspricht. Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen: Der Festgelegte Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Zinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Zinslaufbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●][(short/long first coupon)] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●][(erste kurze/lange Zinsperiode)] 
 
☐ 
Initial broken interest amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je  
 
Festgelegtem Nennbetrag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
 
Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je  
 
Festgelegtem Nennbetrag: 
[●] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]1 
 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]2 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Non-interest bearing Notes 
(Option I) 
 
 
Unverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Zinslaufbeginn: 
[●] 
 
1 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.  
2 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. Re-
guläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder letzten 
Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 117 ---
117
 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert specified Interest Payment Dates and if applica-
ble, any short or long first coupon] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen und gege-
benenfalls erster kurzer oder langer Kupon] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Marge: 
[●] % 
 
 
☐ 
plus 
 
 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
 
 
☐ 
minus 
 
 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-months EURIBOR 
 
 
Festgelegte Laufzeit: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Interpolation 
 
 
 
Interpolation 
 
 
Benchmark Event 
 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
 
 
☐ 
Issuer determination of the New Benchmark 
 
Rate 
 
 
 
Festlegung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes durch 
 
die Emittentin 
 
§ 4 
Redemption and Repurchase 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
 
Redenomination clause: 
[Not applicable][name of EMU Member State] 
Währungsumstellungsklausel: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Name des EWU-Mitgliedsstaats] 
Financial centre(s) relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not applicable][●]1 
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Zahltage: 
[Nicht anwendbar][●]2 
 
1 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
2 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
§ 6  
Taxation 
 
§ 6  
Besteuerung 
 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Niederländisches Quellensteuergesetz 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021): 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent] 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
§ 11 
Notices 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
Listing: 
[Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change] [Not listed or not listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer] 
Börsennotierung: 
[Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse] [Nicht no-
tiert oder nicht auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an ei-
ner Börse notiert] 
§ 15 
Language1 
§ 15 
Sprache2 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
German only 
 
 
Nur Deutsch  
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
1 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
2 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 119 ---
119
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION1 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN2 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market: 
[give details] 
 
Anderer Markt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading:3 
[give details] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Han-
del:4 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME 
Growth Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be of-
fered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading:5 
[give details] 
 
Angabe aller geregelten Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach 
Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der glei-
chen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zu-
gelassen sind:6 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trad-
ing, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of their commitment:7 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer fes-
ten Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig 
sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirt-
schaften, und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung:8 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
 
1 
There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
2 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem 
geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufül-
len. 
3 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
4 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000.  
5 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
6 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000.  
7 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
8 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued [have been ][are expected to be] 
rated as follows1 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen [wurden][werden voraus-
sichtlich] wie folgt geratet2 
 
 
☐ 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V.: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
[Other]3: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.] 
☐ 
Other interest (specify) 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds 
Gründe für das Angebot und Nettoerlöse 
 
Use of proceeds / reasons for the offer:4 
[specify details] 
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse / Gründe für das Ange-
bot:5 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:6 
[●] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses:7 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue:8 
[●] 
 
1 
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
2 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.  
3 
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist. 
4 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general corporate purposes of the Allianz 
Group include those reasons here. 
5 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Unternehmenszwecken der 
Allianz Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
6 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, those will need to be split up and presented in order of priority. Not to be split up in 
the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
7 
Sofern die Emissionserlöse für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht aufzuschlüsseln bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindes-
tens EUR 100.000. 
8 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, 
the total expenses will need to be split up accordingly and presented according to the priority of the use.

--- Page 121 ---
121
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission:1 
[●] 
Yield and Historic Interest Rates 
Rendite und Zinssätze der Vergangenheit  
 
Yield:2 
[●] 
 
Rendite:3 
[●] 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the future perfor-
mance as well as their volatility can be obtained (not 
free of charge) by electronic means from:4 
[LSEG screen page EURIBOR01] [●] 
 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und In-
formationen über künftige Weiterentwicklungen sowie 
ihre Volatilität können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektroni-
schem Wege abgerufen werden unter:5 
[LSEG-Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01] [●] 
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:6 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR:7 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:8 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB:9 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Method of Placement10 
 
Art der Platzierung11 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
 
1 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000. Sofern die Emissionserlöse 
für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind die Gesamtkosten entsprechend aufzuschlüsseln und entsprechend der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
2 
Not required in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
3 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen. 
4 
Only required in case of Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
5 
Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
6 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document 
("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" prod-
ucts and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
7 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und es 
wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
8 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document 
will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
9 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und es 
wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" 
Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
10 Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
11 Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global 
offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent 
known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes place: 
[give details] 
 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren 
des gesamten Angebots sowie einzelner Angebotsteile 
und - sofern der Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – 
Name und Anschrift derjenigen, die das Angebot in den 
verschiedenen Ländern platzieren: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments of Lead Manager(s) and Manager(s): 
[give details]1 
 
Falls syndiziert: Namen und Adressen und Übernahme-
verpflichtungen des oder der Lead Manager(s) und der 
Manager: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]2 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags: 
[Datum angeben] 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[give name] 
 
Falls nicht syndiziert, Name und Adresse des Dealers: 
[Angabe des Namens] 
 
The various categories of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered: 
[give details] 
 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potentiellen 
Investoren, dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten 
werden: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets 
of two or more countries and if a tranche has been or is 
being reserved for certain of these, indicate such 
tranche: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei 
oder mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte 
Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe die-
ser Tranche: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allot-
ted and indication whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten 
Betrags und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels 
vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Dealer's commission:3 
[●] 
 
1 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
2 
Namen und Adressen der Institute einfügen, die bereit sind, eine Emission auf fester Zusagebasis zu übernehmen und Einzelheiten über 
Institute, die bereit sind ohne feste Zusage oder gemäß Vereinbarungen "zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen" zu platzieren, falls diese nicht 
mit den Managern identisch sind. 
3 
Including discretionary fee, if any (insert up to amount). Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at 
least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 123 ---
123
Provision der Dealer:1  
[●] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
Wertpapierkennung and EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
WKN: 
[●] 
 
[CFI:] 
[●] 
 
[FISN:] 
[●] 
 
[Any other security number:] 
[●] 
 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:] 
[●] 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosys-
tem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in case of a Classical Global 
Note] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Glo-
bal Note] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and does not nec-
essarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligi-
ble collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon is-
sue or at any or all times during their life. Such recogni-
tion will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eu-
rosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]2 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich be-
deutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der tag-
gleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des 
Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendei-
nem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt wer-
den. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]3 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility crite-
ria be amended in the future such that the Notes are ca-
pable of meeting them, the Notes may then be depos-
ited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
 
1 
Gegebenenfalls einschließlich sog. 'discretionary fee' (bis zu Betrag angeben). Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
2 
Include explanation in case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
3 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]1 
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart 
ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein wer-
den diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen kön-
nen dann bei einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwah-
rer hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines Nominees von 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetra-
gen) werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Schuldver-
schreibungen selbst dann nicht notwendigerweise als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-
day credit operations) des Eurosystems zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB ab-
hängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]2 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be rec-
ognised as eligible collateral by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosys-
tem eligibility criteria.]3 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich be-
deutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Be-
gebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main verwahrt werden und dass die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten 
Laufzeit nicht notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicher-
heiten anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Euro-
systems erfüllt sind.]4 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer to the Public5 
 
Bedingungen des öffentlichen Angebots6 
 
 
Issue Price at which the Notes will be offered:7 
[insert percentage rate] per cent. 
 
Emissionspreis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen vo-
raussichtlich angeboten werden:8 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % 
 
1 
Include explanation in case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
2 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
3 
Include explanation in case of Notes deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
4 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
5 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
6 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
7 
Include those expenses contained in the price, to the extent that they are known. 
8 
Aufnahme der im Preis enthaltenen Kosten, soweit bekannt.

--- Page 125 ---
125
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[give details] 
 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, de-
scription of the arrangements and time for announcing 
to the public the definitive amount of the offer: 
[give details] 
 
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe nicht 
feststeht, Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen Ange-
botsbetrags an das Publikum: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open and description of the appli-
cation process: 
[give details] 
 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des Antrags-
verfahrens: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Description of possible reduction of subscriptions and 
manner of refunding excess amount paid by applicants: 
[give details] 
 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Rückerstattung 
des zuviel gezahlten Betrages an die Zeichner: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of ap-
plication: 
[give details] 
 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[give details] 
 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere 
und ihre Lieferung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Manner and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[give details] 
 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Er-
gebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, nego-
tiability of subscription rights and treatment of subscrip-
tion rights not exercised: 
[give details] 
 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugs-
rechts, die Übertragbarkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und 
die Behandlung von nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrech-
ten: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the sub-
scriber/purchaser: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung 
gestellt werden: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Public Offer and information to be provided regarding the 
consent by the Issuer: 
[not applicable] 
Öffentliches Angebot und zur Verfügung zu stellende Infor-
mationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin: 
[nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Final placement of the Notes in the following jurisdic-
tions: 
[Luxembourg] [●]  
 
Endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in 
den folgenden Jurisdiktionen: 
[Luxemburg] [●]  
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further finan-
cial intermediaries can be made: 
[Not applicable][Specify subscription period] 
 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräu-
ßerung oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren 
durch die Platzeure oder weitere Finanzintermediäre er-
folgen kann: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten zur Angebotsfrist einfü-
gen] 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the Debt Issuance Programme of 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen des Debt 
Issuance Programme der Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. und Allianz Finance III B.V. an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by [(a) a resolution of the Board of Management of [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III 
B.V.] passed on [●] and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] passed on [●] and (b)] a [resolu-
tion][decision] [of the Board of Management] of Allianz SE passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch [(a) einen Beschluss des Vorstandes der [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V.] vom [●] und des Aufsichtsrates der [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] vom [●] und (b)] eine[n] [Beschluss][Entschei-
dung] [des Vorstandes] der Allianz SE vom [●] genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information in relation to the Notes included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available 
to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. The following 
sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin 
bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, 
deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen 
nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
Signed on behalf of 
[Allianz SE][Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
Allianz SE 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 127 ---
127
Independent Auditors 
Allianz SE appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, with their registered address being Bernhard-Wicki-
Straße 8, 80636 Munich, Germany (“PwC”) as independent auditor for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
PwC is a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer KöR), Berlin. 
The statutory financial statements of Allianz SE as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 were prepared 
in accordance with German commercial law and supplementary provisions of Allianz SE’s statutes. The statutory financial statements as of and 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 were audited by PwC in accordance with § 317 of the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), the EU Audit Regulation (No. 537/2014, referred to subsequently as “EU Audit Regulation”) and in compli-
ance with German generally accepted auditing standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer 
(“IDW”, Institute of Public Auditors in Germany). PwC issued an unqualified auditor’s report in respect of the financial statements as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
The consolidated financial statements of Allianz Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (to-
gether, the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) were prepared on the basis of the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”), and the additional requirements of § 315e (1) of 
the German Commercial Code and supplementary provisions of Allianz SE’s statutes. The Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 have been audited by PwC in accordance with § 317 of the German Commer-
cial Code, the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance with German generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promul-
gated by IDW. PwC issued an unqualified auditor’s report in respect of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
Information about Allianz SE and Allianz Group 
Allianz SE together with its subsidiaries form the Allianz Group. Allianz SE is the ultimate parent of the Allianz Group. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF ALLIANZ SE 
Allianz SE was founded in Berlin on 5 February 1890 as a property insurer under the name Allianz Versicherungs-Aktien-Gesellschaft. 
In 1985, the company transferred its operational insurance business to today’s Allianz Versicherungs-AG and changed its name to “Allianz Ak-
tiengesellschaft Holding”. Since 1985, it operates as a holding company with reinsurance activities. The name was changed, by resolution of the 
General Meeting of 7 October 1996, to “Allianz Aktiengesellschaft” (Allianz AG). 
On 3 February 2006, the extraordinary General Meetings of holders of Riunione Adriatica di Sicurtà S.p.A (“RAS”) ordinary shares and holders of 
RAS savings shares and on 8 February 2006, the extraordinary General Meeting of Allianz AG agreed to the cross-border merger between Allianz 
AG and RAS. Upon registration of the merger with the commercial register of Allianz AG on 13 October 2006, Allianz adopted the legal form of a 
European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) and has been operating since then under the corporate name “Allianz SE”. 
LEGAL AND COMMERCIAL NAME, PLACE OF REGISTRATION AND REGISTRATION NUMBER, LEI OF ALLIANZ SE 
Allianz SE operates under its legal name “Allianz SE” and conducts its business in Germany, amongst others, under the commercial name “Allianz”. 
Allianz SE is registered at its registered seat (Sitz) in Munich, Germany, in the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) in Munich under 
the entry number HRB 164232. The LEI of Allianz SE is 529900K9B0N5BT694847. 
Allianz SE was incorporated on 5 February 1890 for an unlimited term. 
The domicile of Allianz SE is Munich, Germany. Allianz SE is a European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) operating under the laws of Germany. 
It is incorporated in Germany. The business address of Allianz SE is at Königinstraße 28, 80802 Munich, Germany, telephone number 
(+49)(89) 3800-0. Its website is www.allianz.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. The financial year of Allianz SE is the calendar year. 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ SE AND ALLIANZ GROUP

--- Page 128 ---
128 
RECENT EVENTS 
Since 31 December 2023, the following recent events have occurred: 
M&A 
On 12 October 2023, Allianz S.p.A. has entered into binding agreements to acquire Tua Assicurazioni S.p.A. from Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. for 
a consideration of € 280 million. Tua Assicurazioni has a profitable property and casualty (P/C) insurance portfolio with overall gross written 
premiums of about € 280 million in 2022, mainly managed via a distribution network of almost 500 agents. Upon completion, Allianz S.p.A.’s P/C 
market share in Italy is expected to increase by approximately 1 percentage point, consolidating its position as the #3 player in the Italian P/C 
market. Completion of the transaction occurred on 1 March 2024. 
On 5 April 2024, Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty SE, Allianz Group’s carrier for large corporate and specialty insurance, signed an agreement 
to sell its U.S. MidCorp and Entertainment insurance businesses, underwritten via its Fireman’s Fund subsidiaries, to Arch Insurance North America, 
part of Arch Capital Group Ltd. (“Arch”), for an agreed cash payment of USD 450 million reflecting the franchise value of the business. The trans-
action includes risk transfer for Allianz, as Arch is assuming approximately USD 2 billion of loss reserves associated with the business. The cash 
payment from Arch, together with an estimated USD 1.0 billion of Allianz capital supporting the business, is expected to result in USD 1.4 billion 
of total transaction value for Allianz Group. Approximately 500 employees from Allianz are expected to transfer to Arch as part of the agreement. 
Completion of the transaction is expected for Q4 2024. 
RESULTS FOR THE FULL-YEAR OF 2023 AND FOR Q1 2024 
On 23 February 2024, Allianz released the results for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. The annual reports 2023 for Allianz SE as well 
as for Allianz Group were published on 7 March 2024. See section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below. 
On 15 May 2024, Allianz released the results for the first quarter of 2024. Key figures are disclosed in the section “Key figures for historical and 
other financial information” below. 
PLACEMENT OF A € 1.0 BILLION SUBORDINATED BOND AND PARTIAL BUYBACK OF THE € 1.5 BILLION 3.375% 
SUBORDINATED BOND CALLABLE IN 2024 
In January 2024, Allianz SE placed a subordinated bond in an aggregate principal amount of € 1.0 billion with institutional investors in Europe. 
The bond has a scheduled maturity in July 2054 and is callable at the option of the issuer from January 2034. The coupon is fixed at 4.851 % per 
annum until July 2034. Thereafter, bondholders will receive a floating rate coupon. Coupon payments and redemption are subject to certain 
conditions and may be deferred. The bond is listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Settlement occurred on 10 January 2024. 
Allianz SE bought back an aggregate principal amount of € 874.3 million of its € 1.5 billion 3.375 % subordinated bond via a tender offer. € 625.7 
million remain outstanding. This bond has no scheduled maturity and has ordinary call rights of the issuer from September 2024. 
SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAM WITH A VOLUME OF UP TO € 1 BILLION  
On 22 February 2024, Allianz disclosed the following inside information: Allianz SE has resolved on a new share buy-back program. The volume 
of such new program will amount to up to € 1 billion. The program started in March 2024 and shall be finalized by 31 December 2024, at the 
latest. Allianz SE will cancel all repurchased shares. As of 18 April 2024, Allianz had acquired a total of 1,875,158 shares for a total amount of 
€ 499,999,782.81.  
AMENDMENT OF THE DIVIDEND POLICY OF ALLIANZ SE 
On 22 February 2024, Allianz SE decided on the amendment of the dividend policy: Allianz SE strives to offer attractive dividends to its share-
holders. The framework for this is determined by our net income and the need for an adequate capitalization. 
− 
The regular pay-out is increased from 50 % to 60 % of Allianz Group net income (attributable to shareholders), adjusted for extraordinary 
and volatile items, e.g. amortization of intangible assets from business combinations, interest expenses from RT1 bonds, gains and losses 
from sale of operations, and non-operating market movements. 
− 
In the interest of an attractive dividend policy, the further objective is to pay a dividend per share of at least the amount of the previous year. 
− 
The dividend policy is subject to a sustainable Solvency II capitalization ratio of above 150 % (excluding transitional measures). 
The amended dividend policy shall already apply to the dividend for the fiscal year 2023. The Management Board therefore proposes to increase 
the dividend from € 11.40 (previous financial year) to € 13.80 for the fiscal year 2023 per share entitled to a dividend. 
CHANGE IN PRESENTATION 
Change in presentation in the consolidated financial information as of 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 March 2023 and 
1 January 2022 
For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz Group has identified 
a prior period error in accordance with IAS 8 “Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors” (“IAS 8”) through an analysis of

--- Page 129 ---
129
certain non-controlling interests in subsidiaries which are either puttable financial instruments or obligations arising on liquidation (the “error”). 
These interests had been presented as non-controlling interests in equity despite meeting the requirement to be presented as financial liabilities 
in the past and hence, in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 according to IAS 32. A correct classification leads to accounting mismatches for investments, which are not measured at fair value and, 
hence, will also impact shareholders’ equity.  
The Allianz Group has assessed the materiality of the error based both on quantitative and qualitative criteria and came to the conclusion that 
a retrospective error correction would provide users of the financial statements the most relevant information due to the substantial impact on 
the few balance sheet line items. Therefore, the related balance sheet items as of 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 March 2023 and 
1 January 2022 have been retrospectively adjusted for purposes of the presentation in this Prospectus. This correction of error has not been 
audited by the independent auditors. The correction of error will be presented in accordance with IAS 8 in the condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which are not prepared yet by Allianz and therefore neither included nor 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  
The following table summarizes the effect of the error on the consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 March 
2023 and 1 January 2022.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Effects on consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2023: 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
As reported 
(audited) 
Adjustment 
(unaudited) 
As adjusted 
(unaudited) 
Financial liabilities 
56,282 
2,019 
58,301 
Total liabilities 
919,594 
2,019 
921,614 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
58,477 
(238) 
58,239 
Non-controlling interests 
5,103 
(1,781) 
3,321 
Total equity 
63,580 
(2,019) 
61,560 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effects on consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2022: 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2022 
As reported 
(audited) 
Adjustment 
(unaudited) 
As adjusted 
(unaudited) 
Financial liabilities 
51,310 
1,559 
52,869 
Total liabilities 
877,163 
1,559 
878,721 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
54,415 
(238) 
54,177 
Non-controlling interests 
4,320 
(1,320) 
2,999 
Total equity 
58,735 
(1,559) 
57,176 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effects on consolidated balance sheet as of 31 March 2023: 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 2023 
As reported 
(unaudited) 
Adjustment 
(unaudited) 
As adjusted 
(unaudited) 
Financial liabilities 
53,251 
1,693 
54,943 
Total liabilities 
895,138 
1,693 
896,831 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
56,770 
(238) 
56,532 
Non-controlling interests 
4,614 
(1,455) 
3,160 
Total equity 
61,384 
(1,693) 
59,691 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effects on consolidated balance sheet as of 1 January 2022: 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
As of 1 January 2022 
As reported 
(unaudited) 
Adjustment 
(unaudited) 
As adjusted 
(unaudited) 
Financial liabilities 
50,877 
1,144 
52,021 
Total liabilities 
1,031,378 
1,144 
1,032,521 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
61,157 
(238) 
60,919 
Non-controlling interests 
4,235 
(906) 
3,330 
Total equity 
65,392 
(1,144) 
64,249 
 
 
 
 
The effect of the error on net income as reported for the year 2023 and 2022 was immaterial. This is due to the fact that the majority of the error 
related to the years before 2023. As its correction in the consolidated income statement has been determined to be immaterial, no restatement 
of the prior period performance has been performed. The effects of the error on net income for 2023 have been reflected through an out-of-
period adjustment to net income in 2024.

--- Page 131 ---
131
RATINGS(1) 
As of the date of this Prospectus, Allianz SE had the following ratings: 
 
 
S&P(2) 
 
Moody’s(3) 
 
A.M. Best(4) 
 
Insurer financial strength 
 
 
AA 
 
Aa2 
 
A+ 
 
Outlook  
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Counterparty credit 
 
AA 
 
Not rated 
 
aa(5) 
 
Outlook  
 
Stable 
 
 
 
Stable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Senior unsecured debt 
 
 
AA 
 
Aa2 
 
aa 
 
Outlook  
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Includes ratings for securities issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. 
(2) 
S&P rating scale for Insurer Financial Strength Ratings consists of the following categories. “AAA”, “AA” “A”, “BBB”, “BB”, “B”, “CCC”,
“CC” (in descending order). In addition, an “R” rating is assigned to issuers being under regulatory supervision. Ratings from “AA” 
to “CCC” may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.
S&P defines the issued ratings as follows: 
“An insurer rated ‘AA’ has very strong financial security characteristics, differing only slightly from those rated higher.” 
“An obligor rated ‘AA’ has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It differs from the highest-rated obligors only to 
a small degree.” 
“An obligation rated ‘AA’ differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor’s capacity to meet its finan-
cial commitment on the obligation is very strong.” 
“An obligation rated ‘A’ is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions 
than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is
still strong.” 
“A short-term obligation rated ‘A-1’ is rated in the highest category by S&P. The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment
on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on these obligations is extremely strong.” 
(3) 
Moody’s uses nine rating symbols (“Aaa”, “Aa”, “A”, “Baa”, “Ba”, “B”, “Caa”, “Ca” and “C”). The symbols range from “Aaa”, used to
designate least credit risk, to “C”, denoting greatest credit risk. In addition Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from “Aa” through “Caa”. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its
generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of
that generic rating category. 
Moody’s defines the issued ratings as follows: 
“Insurance companies rated Aa offer excellent financial security. Together with the Aaa group, they constitute what are generally 
known as high-grade companies. They are rated lower than Aaa companies because long-term risks appear somewhat larger.” 
“Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk.” 
“Obligations rated A are considered upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.” 
“Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-1 have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations.” 
(4) 
The rating scale of A.M. Best Financial Strength Rating ranges from “A++”, “A+”, “A”, “A-“ to “C-“. In addition the scale provides for
the ratings “D" (Poor), “E” (Under Regulatory Supervision), “F” (In Liquidation) and “S” (Suspended). 
A.M. Best defines the issued ratings as follows: 
A+: “Assigned to companies that have, in A.M. Best’s opinion, a superior ability to meet their ongoing insurance obligations.” 
aa: “Assigned to issues where, in A.M. Best’s opinion, the issuer has a very strong ability to meet the terms of the obligation.” 
a: “Assigned to issues where, in A.M. Best’s opinion, the issuer has a strong ability to meet the terms of the obligation.” 
“Ratings from “aa” to “ccc” may be enhanced with “+” (plus) or “-“ (minus) to indicate whether credit quality is near the top or bottom
of a category.” 
(5) 
Issuer credit rating. 
 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated a security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any negative change in the credit rating of the 
Issuer could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. Investors should consider each rating individually and obtain additional and more 
detailed understanding of the significance of the respective credit rating information provided by the respective rating agency. 
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (“A.M. Best”), S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), each of which is established in the European Union, is registered

--- Page 132 ---
132 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, and is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
CAPITALIZATION AND FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS OF ALLIANZ GROUP 
The figures for liabilities and equity as of 31 March 2024 are unaudited. The figures for liabilities and equity as of 31 December 2023 and 31 De-
cember 2022 are audited, unless otherwise indicated. With effect as of 1 January 2023, Allianz adopted IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) and 
IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts). Comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect the application of these new accounting standards. Therefore, 
audited figures as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 have been taken from the comparative period included in the Consol-
idated Financial Statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. Moreover, figures for liabilities and equity as of 31 De-
cember 2023 and 31 December 2022 have been retrospectively adjusted for purposes of the presentation in this Prospectus due to the error 
identified by Allianz Group (for more information, see “Recent events”). This correction of error has not been audited by the independent auditors. 
Total liabilities 
Amounts in € mn  
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 2024 
As of 31 December 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Senior bonds 
7,377 
7,423 
8,132 
Money market securities 
1,082 
1,103 
1,123 
Fair value hedge effects related to certificated liabilities 
(116) 
(119) 
(130) 
Total certificated liabilities1 
8,343 
8,407 
9,126 
Subordinated bonds 
12,992 
12,763 
12,145 
Subordinated loans2 
46 
45 
45 
Fair value hedge effects related to subordinated liabilities 
(59) 
(71) 
(101) 
Total subordinated liabilities3 
12,979 
12,738 
12,089 
 
 
 
 
1_As of 31 March 2024, includes accrued interest of € 22 mn (31 December 2023: € 80 mn; 31 December 2022: € 79 mn). 
2_Relates to subordinated loans issued by subsidiaries. 
3_As of 31 March 2024, includes accrued interest of € 228 mn (31 December 2023: € 185 mn; 31 December 2022: € 149 mn). 
 
 
 
 
Total equity 
Amounts in € mn 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 2024 
As of 31 December 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Shareholders' equity 
 
 
 
Issued capital 
1,170 
1,170 
1,170 
Additional paid-in capital 
27,732 
27,732 
27,732 
Undated subordinated bonds 
4,815 
4,764 
4,843 
Retained earnings (unaudited)2 
32,683 
30,4641 
29,1161 
Foreign currency translation adjustments 
(2,541) 
(2,883) 
(3,048) 
Unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts (net) 
35,224 
34,207 
54,854 
Other unrealized gains and losses (net)3,4,5 
(39,104) 
(37,215) 
(60,490) 
Subtotal (unaudited) 
59,979 
58,2391 
54,1771 
Non-controlling interests (unaudited) 
3,441 
3,3211 
2,9991 
Total (unaudited) 
63,420 
61,5601 
57,1761 
 
 
 
 
1_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling interests to financial liabilities related 
to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn as of 31 
December 2023 and by € 0.2 bn as of 31 December 2022). 
2_As of 31 March 2024, includes € (218) mn (31 December 2023: € (38) mn; 31 December 2022: € (333) mn) related to treasury shares. 
3_As of 31 March 2024, includes € 763 mn (31 December 2023: € 844 mn; 31 December 2022: € 1,059 mn) related to expected credit losses. 
4_As of 31 March 2024, includes € (739) mn (31 December 2023: € (818) mn; 31 December 2022: € (1,460) mn) related to cash flow hedges. 
5_As of 31 March 2024, additional off-balance sheet unrealized gains on real estate, associates and joint ventures attributable to the shareholders amounted to € 5.0 bn (31 December 2023: € 5.0 bn; 31 December 2022: € 5.5 bn). Off-balance sheet 
unrealized gains reflect differences (after policyholder participation, taxes and non-controlling interests) between fair values and balance sheet values which are not considered in shareholders’ equity. 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
Amounts in € mn 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 2024 
As of 31 December 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Certificated liabilities 
8,343 
8,407 
9,126 
Subordinated liabilities 
12,979 
12,738 
12,089 
Equity (unaudited) 
63,420 
61,5601 
57,1761 
Total (unaudited) 
84,741 
82,7051 
78,3911 
 
 
 
 
1_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling interests to financial liabilities related 
to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn as of 31 
December 2023 and by € 0.2 bn as of 31 December 2022).

--- Page 133 ---
133
 
INFORMATION ON MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE ISSUER’S BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
Other than disclosed in the section “Recent events” above and the section “Key figures for historical and other financial information” below, there 
have been no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year. 
DESCRIPTION OF EXPECTED FINANCING OF THE ISSUER’S ACTIVITIES 
Allianz SE’s access to external funds depends on various factors such as capital market conditions, access to credit facilities, credit ratings, and 
credit capacity. The financial resources available to Allianz Group in the capital markets for short-, mid- and long-term funding needs are 
described in the section “Capitalization and Financial Indebtedness of Allianz Group” above. In general, mid- to long-term financing is covered 
by issuing senior or subordinated bonds or ordinary no-par value shares. 
Business Overview  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP  
The Allianz Group offers property-casualty insurance, life/health insurance, and asset management products and services in almost 70 countries, 
with the largest of our operations located in Europe. As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group serves around 125 million private and corporate 
customers1. Allianz SE, the parent company of the Allianz Group, has its headquarters in Munich, Germany. 
The Allianz Group’s structure reflects both our business segments and geographical regions. Business activities are organized by product and 
type of service, based on how these are strategically managed: insurance activities, asset management activities, and corporate and other activ-
ities. Due to differences in the nature of products, risks, and capital allocation, insurance activities are further divided into the two categories 
property-casualty and life/health. In accordance with the Board of Management’s responsibilities, each of the insurance categories is grouped 
into regional reportable segments. In 2023, the Allianz Group had 11 reportable segments. 
Allianz Group structure – business segments and reportable segments 
Property-Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset Management 
Corporate and other 
–  German Speaking Countries 
and Central & Eastern Europe
–  Western & Southern Europe, 
Allianz Direct, and Allianz 
Partners 
–  Asia Pacific 
–  Global Insurance Lines & An-
glo Markets, Iberia & Latin 
America, Middle East, and 
Africa  
 
–  German Speaking Countries
and Central & Eastern Europe 
–  Western & Southern Europe  
–  Asia Pacific 
–  USA 
–  Global Insurance Lines & An-
glo Markets, Iberia & Latin 
America, Middle East, and Af-
rica 
  
–  Asset Management 
 
 
–  Corporate and Other 
 
 
1_Including non-consolidated entities with Allianz customers.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Worldwide presence and business segments 
Market presence of our business operations1 
 
 
 
 
 
Property-
Casualty 
Life/Health 
 
Banking 
Insurance German Speaking Countries, Insurance Central & Eastern Europe 
German Speaking Countries 
Germany 
X 
X 
 
Switzerland 
X 
X 
 
Central & Eastern Europe 
Austria 
X 
X 
 
Bulgaria 
X 
X 
X 
Croatia 
X 
X 
 
Czech Republic 
X 
X 
 
Hungary 
X 
X 
 
Lithuania 
 
X 
 
Poland 
X 
X 
 
Romania 
X 
X 
 
Slovakia 
X 
X 
 
Slovenia 
X 
X 
 
Ukraine 
X 
 
 
Insurance Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners 
Europe 
Italy 
X 
X 
X 
Türkiye 
X 
X 
 
France 
X 
X 
X 
Belgium 
X 
X 
 
The Netherlands 
X 
X 
 
Luxembourg 
 
X 
 
Greece 
X 
X 
 
Allianz Partners 
Allianz Partners 
X 
X 
 
Allianz Direct 
Allianz Direct 
X 
 
 
Insurance Asia Pacific 
Asia Pacific 
China 
X 
X 
 
Indonesia 
X 
X 
 
Japan 
 
X 
 
Laos 
X 
 
 
Malaysia 
X 
X 
 
Philippines 
 
X 
 
Singapore 
X 
 
 
Sri Lanka 
X 
X 
 
Taiwan 
 
X 
 
Thailand 
X 
X 
 
India 
X 
X 
 
Australia 
Australia 
X 
X 
 
USA 
U.S. life insurance 
 
X

--- Page 135 ---
135
 
 
 
 
 
Property-
Casualty 
Life/Health 
 
Banking 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Insurance Iberia & Latin America, Insurance Middle East, and Africa2,3 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets 
United Kingdom 
X 
 
 
Ireland 
X 
 
 
Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty 
X 
 
 
Allianz Trade 
X 
 
 
Reinsurance 
X 
X 
 
Insurance Iberia & Latin America 
Iberia 
Spain 
X 
X 
 
Portugal 
X 
X 
 
Latin America 
Argentina 
X 
 
 
Brazil 
X 
X 
 
Colombia 
X 
X 
 
Mexico 
X 
X 
 
Middle East 
Saudi Arabia 
X 
X 
 
 
1_This overview is based on our organizational structure as of 31 December 2023. 
2_The Global Insurance Lines serve clients through a worldwide network of Allianz-owned offices plus network partners in other locations – the table above does not list every country separately in which the global insurance lines operate. 
3_In Africa, all businesses were contributed to a joint venture with Sanlam, where the Allianz Group held a minority stake of 41% at the end of the year 2023. This joint venture also includes the Allianz Egypt business. In the Middle East, we sold 
our Lebanon operations in July 2023. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Retail Asset 
Management 
Institutional 
Asset 
Management 
Asset Management 
North and Latin America 
United States1 
X 
X 
Canada 
X 
X 
Brazil 
X 
X 
Europe 
Germany 
X 
X 
France 
X 
X 
Italy 
X 
X 
Ireland 
X 
X 
Luxembourg 
X 
X 
Spain 
X 
X 
Switzerland 
X 
X 
Belgium 
X 
X 
The Netherlands 
X 
X 
United Kingdom2 
X 
X 
Sweden3 
X 
X 
Asia Pacific 
Japan 
X 
X 
Hong Kong 
X 
X 
Taiwan 
X 
X 
Singapore 
X 
X 
China 
X 
X 
Australia 
X 
X 
Indonesia 
X 
X 
 
1_Due to the restructuring of AllianzGI's U.S. business, all U.S. institutional business is conducted out of Allianz Capital Partners of America. Distribution in the United States is done through Voya. 
2_Following Brexit, during 2023, the business of the UK Branch has been transferred to AllianzGI UK Ltd. and also the business of the Allianz Capital Partners - London Branch has been transferred to AllianzGI UK Ltd. 
3_AllianzGI GmbH - Sweden Branch is offering sales support only, no regulated services are performed locally.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
REPORTABLE SEGMENT INFORMATION – KEY INDICATORS  
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total business volume 
Operating profit 
(loss) 
Shareholders' core net income 
(loss) 
Net income (loss) 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
German Speaking Countries and Central Europe 
8,091 
7,598 
646 
665 
442 
452 
459 
452 
Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz 
Partners 
7,474 
6,835 
502 
451 
280 
294 
294 
280 
Asia Pacific 
1,619 
1,495 
107 
95 
72 
61 
84 
71 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin 
America, Africa 
10,542 
10,151 
811 
661 
566 
408 
570 
384 
Consolidation 
(2,239) 
(1,970) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total Property-Casualty 
25,488 
24,108 
2,066 
1,872 
1,360 
1,214 
1,407 
1,187 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
German Speaking Countries and Central Europe 
7,898 
8,937 
481 
428 
342 
294 
350 
302 
Western & Southern Europe 
6,186 
5,023 
365 
376 
221 
197 
222 
223 
Asia Pacific 
1,671 
1,571 
141 
154 
92 
113 
112 
132 
USA 
4,789 
4,052 
286 
315 
288 
260 
219 
278 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin 
America, Africa 
556 
585 
64 
58 
48 
(90) 
49 
(87) 
Consolidation and Other 
4 
(54) 
(9) 
(12) 
(8) 
(9) 
(8) 
(9) 
Total Life/Health 
21,104 
20,114 
1,327 
1,320 
983 
766 
944 
840 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Asset Management 
1,990 
1,900 
773 
723 
531 
488 
585 
535 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate and Other 
- 
- 
(179) 
(176) 
(359) 
(288) 
(304) 
(398) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidation 
(172) 
(157) 
(2) 
(7) 
(2) 
(7) 
- 
(4) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
48,410 
45,966 
3,986 
3,731 
2,513 
2,173 
2,631 
2,160

--- Page 137 ---
137
REPORTABLE SEGMENT INFORMATION – KEY INDICATORS  
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 2022 (AUDITED)1 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total business volume 
Operating profit 
(loss) 
Shareholders' core net income 
(loss) 
Net income (loss) 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern 
Europe2 
18,837 
17,619 
2,013 
2,422 
1,338 
1,217 
1,241 
999 
Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz 
Partners 
22,847 
20,756 
1,792 
1,578 
1,094 
875 
1,078 
794 
Asia Pacific 
6,332 
6,050 
376 
545 
235 
356 
259 
359 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin 
America, Middle East and Africa 
33,028 
30,209 
2,728 
2,281 
1,753 
1,300 
1,694 
1,203 
Consolidation 
(4,512) 
(4,021) 
- 
- 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Total Property-Casualty 
76,531 
70,613 
6,909 
6,827 
4,421 
3,750 
4,274 
3,357 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern 
Europe2 
29,872 
29,847 
1,859 
1,895 
1,379 
1,407 
1,413 
1,404 
Western & Southern Europe 
21,442 
21,065 
1,487 
1,295 
849 
805 
889 
859 
Asia Pacific 
5,872 
6,603 
589 
436 
408 
324 
481 
395 
USA 
18,310 
15,417 
1,088 
399 
919 
452 
959 
432 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin 
America, Middle East and Africa 
2,582 
2,561 
218 
245 
97 
267 
104 
276 
Consolidation and Other 
(200) 
(236) 
(49) 
(51) 
(57) 
(49) 
(57) 
(49) 
Total Life/Health 
77,878 
75,258 
5,191 
4,218 
3,595 
3,205 
3,788 
3,317 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Asset Management 
8,086 
8,234 
3,126 
3,198 
2,150 
759 
2,353 
935 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate and Other 
- 
- 
(474) 
(540) 
(1,062) 
(824) 
(1,385) 
(842) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidation 
(795) 
(781) 
(7) 
112 
(3) 
94 
2 
89 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
161,700 
153,324 
14,746 
13,814 
9,101 
6,984 
9,032 
6,856 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1_With effect as of 1 January 2023, Allianz adopted IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) and IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts). Comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect the application of these new accounting standards. Therefore, figures for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 has been taken from the comparative period included in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
2_As of 1 January 2024, Central & Eastern Europe is renamed to Central Europe.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Simplified Overview of the Allianz Group Structure 
 
 
 
H6 – Insurance  
Asia Pacific  
PT Asuransi  
Allianz Life Indonesia 
Indonesia, Jakarta 
Allianz China Life  
Insurance Co. Ltd. 
China, Shanghai 
Allianz other 
Asia Pacific 
(e.g. Thailand,  
Sri Lanka) 
 
Allianz 
Taiwan Life 
Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Taiwan, Taipei 
Allianz Life Insurance  
Malaysia Berhad 
Malaysia,  
Kuala Lumpur 
Allianz 
Australia Limited 
Australia, 
Sydney 
 
H7 – Insurance  
German Speaking Countries and  
Central & Eastern Europe 
Allianz 
Private Kranken- 
versicherungs-AG 
Germany, Munich 
Allianz 
Beratungs- 
und Vertriebs-AG 
Germany, Munich 
Allianz Suisse 
Versicherungs- 
Gesellschaft AG 
Switzerland, Wallisellen 
Allianz Suisse 
Lebensversicherungs- 
Gesellschaft AG 
Switzerland, Wallisellen 
Allianz - Slovenská  
poist'ovňa a.s. 
Slovakia, Bratislava 
Allianz  
pojistovna a.s. 
Czech Republic,  
Prague 
Allianz 
other CEE 
(e.g. Bulgaria,  
Croatia) 
Allianz  
Versicherungs-AG 
Germany, 
Munich 
Allianz Lebens- 
versicherungs-AG 
Germany, 
Stuttgart 
Allianz 
Elementar Lebens- 
versicherungs-AG 
Austria, Vienna 
TUiR Allianz 
Polska S.A. 
Poland, 
Warsaw 
Allianz-Tiriac 
Asigurari SA 
Romania, 
Bucharest 
Allianz 
Hungária  
Biztosító Zrt. 
Hungary, Budapest 
Allianz 
Elementar 
Versicherungs-AG 
Austria, Vienna 
H8 – Asset  
Management, 
US Life Insur-
ance 
Allianz Life 
Insurance Company 
of North America 
United States, 
Minneapolis (MN) 
Allianz 
Global Investors GmbH 
Germany,   
Frankfurt am Main 
PIMCO 
Europe GmbH 
Germany, 
Munich 
Allianz 
Global Investors 
 Asia Pacific Group 
Pacific Investment 
Management  
Company LLC 
United States, 
Dover (DE) 
H9 – Global Insurance Lines & 
Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, 
Middle East and Africa 
Euler Hermes  
Group SAS 
France,  
Paris la Défense 
Allianz Global Risks 
US Insurance  
Company Corp. 
United States, 
Chicago (IL) 
Allianz p.l.c. 
Ireland, 
Dublin 
 
Liverpool Victoria  
Insurance Company  
Limited 
United Kingdom,  
Guildford 
Allianz 
Insurance plc 
United Kingdom,  
Guildford 
Allianz 
Global Corporate 
& Specialty SE  
Germany, Munich 
Companhia de 
Seguros Allianz  
Portugal S.A.  
Portugal, Lisbon 
Allianz Compañía 
de Seguros y 
Reaseguros S.A. 
Spain, Madrid 
H5 – Insurance Western &  
Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and 
 Allianz Partners 
The functional Board divisions  
H1 – Chairman of the Board 
H2 – Finance, Risk, Actuarial, Legal, Compliance 
H3 – Investment Management 
H4 – Operations, IT and Organization 
have in general no operational responsibility for 
operating entities and are therefore not shown in 
the overview. 
Allianz I.A.R.D. S.A. 
France,  
Paris la Défense 
 
Allianz S.p.A. 
Italy, 
Milan 
Allianz Sigorta A.S. 
Türkiye, 
Istanbul 
 
Allianz Vie S.A. 
France,  
Paris la Défense 
Allianz European 
Reliance Single  
Member Insurance S.A. 
Greece, Athens 
 
Allianz Direct  
Versicherungs-AG 
Germany,  
Munich 
Allianz Benelux S.A. 
Belgium, 
Brussels 
 
Allianz Direct S.p.A. 
Italy,  
Milan 
 
Allianz SE 
This overview is simplified. It focuses on major operating entities and does not con-
tain all entities of the Allianz Group. Also, it does not show whether a shareholding is 
direct or indirect. This overview shows the status as of 31 December 2023. 
Allianz  
Partners SAS   
France, Saint-Ouen 
Allianz 
Latin America 
(Brazil, Argentina, 
Colombia, Mexico)

--- Page 139 ---
139
INSURANCE OPERATIONS 
Allianz Group offers a wide range of property-casualty and life/health insurance products to both retail and corporate customers. For the Prop-
erty-Casualty business segment, these include motor, accident, property, general liability, travel insurances, and assistance services. The 
Life/Health business segment offers savings and investment-oriented products in addition to life and health insurance. Based on currently avail-
able peer data for the twelve-month period ended on 31 December 2023, Allianz Group is the leading property-casualty insurer worldwide and 
ranks among the top five in the life/health insurance business. The Allianz Group’s key markets (in terms of premiums) are Germany, France, 
Italy, and the United States. 
Most of the insurance markets are served by local Allianz companies. However, some business lines – such as Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty 
(AGCS), Allianz Partners (AP), and Allianz Trade – are run globally.  
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Allianz Group’s two major asset management entities, PIMCO and AllianzGI, operate under the governance of Allianz Asset Management (AAM). 
The offerings cover a wide range of equity, fixed income, cash, and multi-assets products as well as a growing number of alternative investment 
products, such as real estate, infrastructure debt/equity, real assets, liquid alternatives, and solution business. The Allianz Group is one of the 
leading global asset managers, that actively manages assets. Its core markets are the United States, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, the United 
Kingdom, and the Asia-Pacific region. 
CORPORATE AND OTHER 
The Corporate and Other business segment’s activities include the management and support of the Allianz Group’s businesses through its central 
Holding functions, Banking and Alternative as well as Digital Investments. The Holding functions manage and support the Group’s businesses 
through its strategy, risk, corporate finance, treasury, financial reporting, controlling, communication, legal, human resources, technology, and 
other functions. The Banking operations, which place a primary focus on retail clients, support the insurance business and complement the prod-
ucts Allianz Group offers in Italy, France, and Bulgaria. Digital Investments identifies and invests in digital growth companies for the Allianz Group. 
Trend Information 
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN THE PROSPECTS OF ALLIANZ SE 
Except as disclosed in the section “Recent events” above, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Allianz SE since 31 De-
cember 2023. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP 
Except as disclosed in the sections “Recent events” and “Capitalization and Financial Indebtedness of Allianz Group” above, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance of the Allianz Group since 31 December 2023. 
INFORMATION ON KNOWN TRENDS, UNCERTAINTIES, DEMANDS, COMMITMENTS OR EVENTS THAT ARE 
REASONABLY LIKELY TO HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON THE ISSUER’S PROSPECTS FOR 2024 
ECONOMIC OUTLOOK 
2024 is likely to be another year of interest rate reversals, but this time in the opposite direction: the leading central banks will likely start to cut 
key interest rates in 2024. On the one hand, this reflects the expectation that inflation is largely under control, as annual average inflation will 
probably be closer to inflation targets in both the United States (2.7 %) and the eurozone (2.4 %). On the other hand, it is a reaction to the contin-
ued weakness in demand – particularly in the eurozone – which is fed by several sources: the delayed effect of interest rate hikes on investment, 
declining fiscal policy support, and depleted savings reserves. Overall, Allianz Group therefore expects economic growth to slightly decline in 
2024, falling by 0.1 percentage points to 2.7 % worldwide; for the United States, Allianz Group expects it to decline to 2.4 % (-0.1 percentage 
points). The eurozone is likely to reach around the previous year’s level with a rate of 0.7 %, as a return to positive growth is assumed for Germany, 
albeit by a very thin margin. China will also face headwinds, not least due to its structural problems: we expect rather modest growth of 4.8 %. 
Ongoing uncertainty about the timing and extent of the next interest rate moves means volatility in the financial markets will remain high in 2024. 
As the expected cuts in interest rates have already been anticipated in many market prices, disappointment and corresponding market reactions 
cannot be ruled out. Overall, equities and bonds are likely to move more or less sideways.  
The outlook for 2024 is subject to a special caveat since it is a super election year. Citizens will go to the polls in countries that account for 60 % of 
global economic output – from India to the United States – with election results significantly impacting the economic and geopolitical constella-
tion. First and foremost, this applies to the U.S. elections in November. The associated global political uncertainty is fostering a wait-and-see-

--- Page 140 ---
140 
attitude among companies and households. There is also the threat of rising political and social tensions as a result of increasing polarization in 
a weak economic environment. 
INSURANCE INDUSTRY OUTLOOK 
Inflation will remain a dominant topic for the insurance industry in 2024, as claims inflation is unlikely to fall as quickly as consumer price inflation, 
mainly due to rising wages. However, continued premium increases mean that pressure on underwriting results should ease. On the other hand, 
the challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environment is hampering premium growth. 
In view of the increasing geopolitical upheavals, climate-related natural hazards, and technological risks worldwide, the need for risk protection 
and prevention remains high. Thanks to its financial strength, the insurance industry can meet these needs with innovative solutions, so its role as 
a partner for strengthening social resilience will continue to grow in importance. 
Despite ongoing high volatility, the investment environment should remain relatively friendly in 2024. The higher interest rate level offers good 
opportunities for long-term investors, and insurers’ investment income is likely to continue to rise. 
Premium growth in the property-casualty insurance sector will continue at a slower pace; however, as in the previous year it is likely to be driven 
primarily by rising prices. At the same time, claims development remains challenging, with structural factors such as increasing climate-related 
natural catastrophes also playing a role. Investment income is expected to increase. As higher wages are putting pressure on operating costs, 
increasing productivity through fully digitalized processes is essential. 
In the life insurance sector, providers are increasingly reflecting the higher interest rate level in their products, which should benefit demand for 
savings and pension products. This is possible because awareness of the need for protection in old age not only remains high but should also 
continue to rise in the future. The same applies to demand in the risk business. Furthermore, higher investment income will strengthen profitability. 
ASSET MANAGEMENT INDUSTRY OUTLOOK 
In 2024, the asset management industry will probably face a different economic landscape to 2023, and will also be impacted by megatrends, 
including disruptive technologies and sustainability.  
This challenging environment is an opportunity for active asset management to demonstrate its value potential by focusing on diversification 
and risk management, which help to deliver outperformance.  
With inflation falling and rate cuts expected in the United States and the eurozone, there will be many opportunities in bond markets. Fixed 
income will therefore be an important asset class for investors in 2024. Investment grade, for example, is likely to benefit from strong yield levels, 
manageable supply and still decent fundamentals. Demand for alternatives – especially private market assets – is also expected to remain high. 
This trend is supported by investors looking for both diversification and protection against inflation. Infrastructure – including renewable energy 
– is expected to grow further, driven by the effort to limit CO2 emissions. In this context, ESG-oriented investments are becoming more complex 
and competitive, as many investors seek ways to make a real-world impact by focusing on environmental and inclusive-growth themes.  
Technology, especially artificial intelligence (AI), will emerge as a core part of the long-term opportunity set. AI will be increasingly implemented 
and will help raise global productivity by both automating laborious tasks and analyzing large data sets.  
Margin pressure is very likely to persist, driven by passive products as well as fierce competition. Despite this multifaceted situation, the asset 
management industry meets all the prerequisites to remain attractive and return to a long-term growth path. 
OUTLOOK FOR THE ALLIANZ GROUP 
Financial information for three months ended 31 March 2024 is set out in the sections “Recent Events” and “Capitalization and Financial Indebt-
edness” above and “Key figures for historical and other financial information” below. In addition, trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments 
or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the prospects of Allianz Group for at least the current financial year include the 
following: 
− 
the Russian invasion in Ukraine;  
− 
the current military conflict in Israel and Gaza;  
− 
the further hardening of China’s attitudes towards Taiwan, and 
− 
interest rates volatility as well as inflationary pressures. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, it is not possible to estimate or quantify the effects of any of these events on Allianz Group. They may have 
adverse effects on the business and financial results of Allianz Group in ways that cannot be anticipated. For more information as to how these 
events can affect Allianz Group, attention is drawn to  
− 
the risk factors “Legal and regulatory risk” and “Geopolitical risk and war in Ukraine” in the section “Risk Factors” above; 
− 
the section “Recent Events” above; 
− 
the section “Legal and arbitration proceedings” below; and  
− 
note 8.13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 incorporated by reference.

--- Page 141 ---
141
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF ALLIANZ SE 
GENERAL 
Allianz SE is a Germany-based stock corporation in the form of a European Company (Societas Europaea or “SE”) and as such is subject to specific 
provisions regarding the SE (such as the Council Regulation (EC) 2157/2001 (“SE-Regulation”) and the German Act on the SE-Implementation 
(SE-Ausführungsgesetz)). However, to a large extent Allianz SE is treated as a German stock corporation and therefore governed by the general 
provisions of German corporate law (in particular the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz)). The corporate bodies of Allianz SE are the 
Board of Management (Vorstand), the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) and the General Meeting (Hauptversammlung). The Board of Manage-
ment and the Supervisory Board are separate and no individual may serve simultaneously as a member of both boards. 
The Board of Management is responsible for managing the day-to-day business of Allianz SE in accordance with the European SE-Regulation, 
the German Stock Corporation Act, the Statutes (Satzung) of Allianz SE as well as its internal rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung). 
The Supervisory Board oversees the management and has comprehensive monitoring functions. It is also responsible for appointing and remov-
ing the members of the Board of Management. The Supervisory Board is not permitted to make management decisions, but as established by 
law, the Statutes or determined by the Supervisory Board or the General Meeting, certain types of transactions may require the Supervisory 
Board’s prior consent. 
BOARD OF MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Management (Vorstand) of Allianz SE currently consists of nine members, and is multi-nationally staffed, in keeping with Allianz 
Group’s international orientation. The areas of responsibility of the members of the Board of Management and their principal board member-
ships outside the Allianz Group are listed below. 
Name 
Area of Responsibility 
Principal Outside Board Memberships and/or other duties 
Oliver Bäte 
Chairman of the Board of Management  
of Allianz SE (CEO) 
Coalition Inc. 
Sirma Boshnakova 
Insurance Western & Southern Europe,  
Allianz Direct, Allianz Partners 
None 
Claire-Marie Coste-Lepoutre 
 
Finance, Risk, Actuarial, Legal, Compliance 
(CFO) 
None 
Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle 
Operations (COO); IT 
None 
Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler 
Insurance German Speaking Countries  
and Central & Eastern Europe 
Member of the Supervisory Board of EUROKAI GmbH & Co. 
KGaA 
Dr. Günther Thallinger 
Investment Management, ESG 
None 
Christopher Townsend 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets,  
Reinsurance, Iberia & Latin America, Middle 
East, Africa 
None 
Renate Wagner 
Asia Pacific, Mergers & Acquisitions, People 
and Culture 
Member of the Board of Directors of Bajaj Allianz General In-
surance Company Ltd., Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company 
Ltd. 
Dr. Andreas Wimmer 
Asset Management, US Life Insurance 
None 
The members of the Board of Management may be contacted at the business address of Allianz SE. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
In accordance with the Statutes of Allianz SE, the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) of Allianz SE consists of twelve members, six of whom are 
shareholder representatives and six of whom are employee representatives. The current members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE, their 
principal occupations and their principal board memberships outside the Allianz Group, respectively, are as follows:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Principal Outside Board Memberships and/or other du-
ties 
Michael Diekmann 
Chairman(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of Fresenius Manage-
ment SE, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
Sophie Boissard(1) 
Chairwoman of Board of Management, 
Claraine SE 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of Korian Management 
AG (Chairwoman), Korian Deutschland GmbH (Chair-
woman) and Segesta SpA (all Clariane group companies)  
Christine Bosse(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Board of DNB ASA 
Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg 
Vice Chairwoman(2) 
Employee of Allianz Versicherungs-Aktien-
gesellschaft 
None 
Rashmy Chatterjee(1) 
CEO of ISTARI Global Ltd 
BlueVoyant LLC, Ensign InfoSecurity Pte. Ltd., Sygnia, Inc., 
ISTARI GLOBAL (SINGAPORE) Pte. Ltd., ISTARI INTERNA-
TIONAL (UK) Limited, ISTARI INTERNATIONAL (US) LLC, (all 
ISTARI portfolio or group companies) 
Dr. Friedrich Eichiner(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of FESTO Manage-
ment SE (Chairman), Infineon Technologies AG 
Jean-Claude Le Goaër(2) 
Employee of Allianz Informatique G.I.E. 
None 
Herbert Hainer 
Vice Chairman(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Board of FC Bayern München 
AG (Chairman) 
Frank Kirsch(2) 
Employee of Allianz Beratungs- und  
Vertriebs-AG 
None 
Jürgen Lawrenz(2) 
Employee of Allianz Technology SE 
None 
Primiano Di Paolo(2) 
Employee of Allianz Technology SpA 
None 
Katharina Wesenick(2) 
National Representative Insurances, 
ver.di, Berlin 
None 
(1) 
Shareholder Representative 
(2) 
Employee Representative 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the business address of Allianz SE. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Allianz SE has not been notified or otherwise been informed by any of the members of the Board of Management or any member of the Super-
visory Board about any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Allianz SE of the members of the Board of Management and of the 
Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Major Shareholders and Change of Control Arrangements 
Under the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), holders of voting securities of a listed German company are required to 
notify the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, or BaFin) and the company of the 
level of their holding whenever it reaches, exceeds or falls below specified thresholds. The lowest disclosable threshold is 3% for shares with voting 
rights, and 5% for financial instruments or a combination of shares and instruments. Absent a relevant threshold crossing, there is no duty for 
shareholders to disclose holdings, and accordingly, holdings disclosed by a shareholder as of the date of a threshold crossing may differ from 
that shareholder’s holdings as of the date of this Prospectus. 
According to the latest notifications which Allianz has received, BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, USA, crossed or reached a relevant threshold on 6 
July 2022, and as a result of the transaction, held 6.75% of voting rights attached to shares and 0.06% of voting rights through instruments, corre-
sponding to a total of 6.81%.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, to the best knowledge of Allianz SE, no other shareholder holds, directly or indirectly, voting rights in Allianz SE 
or related financial instruments in excess of the lowest disclosable threshold.

--- Page 143 ---
143
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
Financial information concerning the assets and liability, financial position and profits and losses of 
the Allianz Group 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial information as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the independent 
auditor’s report in respect of each year are incorporated by reference (see below section “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
KEY FIGURES FOR HISTORICAL AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table indicates key figures as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. The key figures as of and for the 
financial years ended 2023 and 2022 are audited unless otherwise indicated. With effect as of 1 January 2023, Allianz adopted IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) and IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts). Comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect the application of these new accounting 
standards. Therefore, audited figures as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 has been taken from the comparative period 
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. Moreover, some figures as of 
31 December 2023, 31 December 2022, 31 March 2023 and 1 January 2022 have been retrospectively adjusted for purposes of the presentation 
in this Prospectus due to the error identified by Allianz Group (for more information, see “Recent events”). This correction of error has not been 
audited by the independent auditors.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Key figures as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Twelve months ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
Delta 
Total business volume 
€ bn 
161.7 
153.3 
5.5 % 
Property-Casualty 
€ bn 
76.5 
70.6 
8.4 % 
Life/Health 
€ bn 
77.9 
75.3 
3.5 % 
Asset Management 
€ bn 
8.1 
8.2 
(1.8) % 
Consolidation 
€ bn 
(0.8) 
(0.8) 
1.7 % 
Operating profit/loss 
€ mn 
14,746 
13,814 
6.7 % 
Property-Casualty 
€ mn 
6,909 
6,827 
1.2 % 
Life/Health 
€ mn 
5,191 
4,218 
23.1 % 
Asset Management 
€ mn 
3,126 
3,198 
(2.2) % 
Corporate and Other 
€ mn 
(474) 
(540) 
(12.3) % 
Consolidation 
€ mn 
(7) 
112 
n.m. 
Net income 
€ mn 
9,032 
6,856 
31.7 % 
attributable to non-controlling interests 
€ mn 
491 
435 
12.8 % 
attributable to shareholders 
€ mn 
8,541 
6,421 
33.0 % 
Shareholders' core net income1 
€ mn 
9,101 
6,984 
30.3% 
Core earnings per share2 
€ 
22.61 
16.96 
33.3% 
Dividend per share 
€ 
13.803 
11.40 
21.1% 
Additional KPIs (unaudited) 
 
 
 
 
Group Core return on equity4 
% 
16.1% 
12.8% 
3.3 %-p 
Property-Casualty Combined ratio 
% 
93.8% 
93.3% 
0.6 %-p 
Life/Health New business margin 
% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
0.0 %-p 
Asset Management Cost-income ratio 
% 
61.3% 
61.2% 
0.2 %-p 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity (unaudited)5 
€ bn 
58.2 
54.2 
7.5 % 
Solvency II capitalization ratio (without transitionals)6 
% 
206% 
201% 
5 %-p 
 
Please note: The figures are presented in millions of euros, unless otherwise stated. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 
1_Presents the portion of shareholders’ net income before non-operating market movements and before amortization of intangible assets from business combinations (including any related income tax effects). 
2_Calculated by dividing the respective period’s shareholders' core net income, adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity, by the weighted average number of shares outstanding 
(basic core EPS). 
3_Proposal. 
4_Represents the ratio of shareholders’ core net income to the average shareholders’ equity at the beginning and at the end of the year. Shareholders’ core net income is adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds 
classified as shareholders’ equity. From the average shareholders’ equity undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses are excluded. 
For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling to financial liabilities related to 
investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only. Consequently, core RoE for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 changed by +0.1%-p, respectively, compared to the previously published figures. 
5_Excluding non-controlling interests. For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling 
to financial liabilities related to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only 
(reduced by € 0.2 bn as of 31 December 2023 and by € 0.2 bn as of 31 December 2022). 
6_Risk capital figures are group diversified at 99.5% confidence level. Including the application of transitional measures for technical provisions, the Solvency II capitalization ratio is 229% as of 31 December 2023.

--- Page 145 ---
145
The following table indicates key figures as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023. These figures are unaudited. 
Key figures as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
 
2024 
2023 
Delta 
Total business volume 
€ bn 
48.4 
46.0 
5.3 % 
Property-Casualty 
€ bn 
25.5 
24.1 
5.7 % 
Life/Health 
€ bn 
21.1 
20.1 
4.9 % 
Asset Management 
€ bn 
2.0 
1.9 
4.7 % 
Consolidation 
€ bn 
(0.2) 
(0.2) 
10.0 % 
Operating profit/loss 
€ mn 
3,986 
3,731 
6.8 % 
Property-Casualty 
€ mn 
2,066 
1,872 
10.4 % 
Life/Health 
€ mn 
1,327 
1,320 
0.5 % 
Asset Management 
€ mn 
773 
723 
7.0 % 
Corporate and Other 
€ mn 
(179) 
(176) 
1.6 % 
Consolidation 
€ mn 
(2) 
(7) 
(72.8) % 
Net income 
€ mn 
2,631 
2,160 
21.8 % 
attributable to non-controlling interests 
€ mn 
156 
128 
21.7 % 
attributable to shareholders 
€ mn 
2,475 
2,032 
21.8 % 
Shareholders' core net income1 
€ mn 
2,513 
2,173 
15.7% 
Core earnings per share2 
€ 
6.42 
5.43 
18.2% 
Additional KPIs (unaudited) 
 
 
 
 
Group Core return on equity4 
% 
4.3% 
3.9%7 
0.4 %-p7 
Property-Casualty Combined ratio 
% 
91.9% 
91.9% 
0.0 %-p 
Life/Health New business margin 
% 
5.7% 
5.5% 
0.2 %-p 
Asset Management Cost-income ratio 
% 
61.1% 
62.0% 
(0.8) %-p 
 
 
03/31/24 
12/31/23 
 
Shareholders' equity5 
€ bn 
60.0 
58.27 
3.0 %7 
Solvency II capitalization ratio (without transitionals)6 
% 
203% 
206% 
(3) %-p 
 
Please note: The figures are presented in millions of euros, unless otherwise stated. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 
1_Presents the portion of shareholders’ net income before non-operating market movements and before amortization of intangible assets from business combinations (including any related income tax effects). 
2_Calculated by dividing the respective period’s shareholders' core net income, adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity, by the weighted average number of shares outstanding 
(basic core EPS). 
3_Proposal. 
4_Represents the ratio of shareholders’ core net income to the average shareholders’ equity at the beginning and at the end of the year. Shareholders’ core net income is adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds 
classified as shareholders’ equity. From the average shareholders’ equity undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses are excluded. 
5_Excluding non-controlling interests. 
6_Risk capital figures are group diversified at 99.5% confidence level. Excluding the application of transitional measures for technical provisions. Solvency II capitalization ratio reflects a quarterly dividend accrual and does not include the application 
of transitional measures for technical provisions (the impact of which, as of 31 March 2024, amounted to +20%-p). 
7_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling to financial liabilities related to 
investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn as of 31 
December 2023) . Consequently, core RoE for the three months ended 31 March 2023 changed by +0.02%-p compared to the previously published figure . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOLVENCY AND REGULATORY CAPITAL 
REGULATORY BACKGROUND 
The Solvency II framework that came into force on 1 January 2016 imposes prudential requirements at the Allianz Group level as well on the 
individual European Economic Area (EEA) based insurance and reinsurance companies in the Allianz Group. Insurance supervision is exercised 
by national supervisors at the level of the individual insurance and reinsurance companies of the Allianz Group and by the BaFin as the Allianz 
Group supervisor at the Allianz Group level. The Solvency II rules provide for economic, risk-based capital requirements for insurance and reinsur-
ance companies in all EEA member states, as well as for groups with insurance and/or reinsurance activities in the EEA. Solvency requirements 
are based on market valuations and take asset-side as well as liability-side risks into account, but also provide detailed rules regarding govern-
ance, risk management, risk assessment and risks associated with the other entities within the Allianz Group. Solvency II is a regulatory framework 
where the insurers’ material risks and their interactions are considered. 
The Solvency II framework is structured along three pillars. Pillar 1 comprises quantitative requirements (including rules regarding the valuation 
of assets and liabilities such as technical provisions, risk capital requirements and own fund requirements). Pillar 2 defines governance and risk 
management requirements. Pillar 3 consists of disclosure and supervisory reporting requirements. These three pillars should not only be consid-
ered in isolation, but also in terms of how they interact with one another. More complex risks, for instance, require a stronger risk management 
and governance structure and may lead to higher capital requirements. In addition to these requirements, which apply to individual EEA insurers

--- Page 146 ---
146 
and reinsurers, the Solvency II framework is complemented by requirements that apply at group level (group supervision). This means that a 
number of requirements from the Solvency II framework that apply to the individual EEA insurance and reinsurance undertakings apply, with 
necessary modifications, at group level. The Solvency II framework is currently subject to a review and is proposed to be accompanied by a new 
recovery and resolution regime. The European Commission published on 22 September 2021 (i) a proposal for changes to the Solvency II Directive 
and (ii) a legislative proposal for a directive establishing a framework for recovery and resolution of insurance and reinsurance undertakings, 
namely the Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive. In mid-December 2023, a provisional agreement was reached in the trilogue negotia-
tions between the European Parliament and the EU Council on both proposals. On 23 April 2024, the final compromise texts, which were pub-
lished as a result of the trilogue procedure in January 2024, were adopted by the European Parliament and will now have to be finalised and 
presented to the EU Council for approval. If approved, the next steps would be formal adoption by the EU Council and the implementation in the 
national law of the Member States. 
PILLAR 1 REQUIREMENTS 
Solvency II requires EEA insurance and reinsurance companies to determine technical provisions at a value that corresponds with the exit value 
of their insurance and reinsurance obligations towards policyholders and other beneficiaries of insurance and reinsurance contracts. The calcu-
lation of technical provisions should be based on market consistent information to the extent to which that information is available. 
The value of the technical provisions is equal to the sum of a best estimate of the value of the insurance contracts and a risk margin which is 
reflective of the cost of capital a third-party buyer would expect to earn if it wanted to acquire the portfolio upon an exit by us. The discount rates 
based on which technical provisions are calculated are an important element in order to determine the value of the technical provisions. There 
are detailed Solvency II rules that clarify how discount rates must be derived. These rules and other parameters to determine the technical provi-
sions may have an important effect on the amount and volatility of the own funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings are required to 
maintain. The Solvency II framework contains several measures (in particular the volatility adjustment and matching adjustment) that should 
reduce the volatility of the own funds that is due solely to credit spread movements. 
Insurers and reinsurers are required to hold a sufficient amount of “eligible own funds” to cover losses in an adverse scenario. The amount of 
eligible own funds that insurance and reinsurance companies are required to hold is the Solvency Capital Requirement (“SCR”) and is calibrated 
to a confidence level of 99.5% (reflecting the ability of insurance or reinsurance companies to withstand a 1-in-200-year event) and a “holding 
period” of one year. Insurance and reinsurance companies are allowed to: (a) use a standard formula to calculate their SCR (the rules for which 
are set out in detail in the Solvency II rules and guidelines); or (b) use an internal model (for which the approval of the supervisory authorities is 
required); or (c) use a partial internal model (which is a combination of the standard formula being applied to some group entities, and an 
internal model to other group entities). An internal model has been developed by Allianz Group to better reflect the actual risk profile than the 
standard formula. The Allianz Group determines its regulatory capital requirements on the basis of a partial internal model since 1 January 2016.1 
In addition to the SCR, insurance and reinsurance companies also calculate a Minimum Capital Requirement (“MCR”). The MCR represents a 
lower threshold than the SCR, below which the level of eligible own funds held by the insurance or reinsurance company is not allowed to drop. 
An irreparable or prolonged breach of the MCR would lead to a withdrawal of an insurance or reinsurance company’s license, and may, if the 
resolution regime set forth in the proposed Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive is enacted and implemented into national law, lead to 
the resolution of the insurance or reinsurance company, or, if the additional criteria for group resolution are met, to a resolution of the group of 
the insurance or reinsurance company.  
For purposes of the Allianz Group, the Group SCR substantially consists of the sum of capital requirements (including diversification effects where 
applicable) from (a) entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II, (b) entities regulated under insurance 
regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II (to the extent these entities are not included in the Allianz Group based on an 
internal or the standard model), and (c) entities regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and Institutions for Occupational Retire-
ment Provision (“IORPs”)). The Group SCR is often referred to as the Allianz Group’s Solvency II capital requirement in the external communication 
of Allianz Group. 
The Group MCR is represented by the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement applicable to the Allianz Group, which is calcu-
lated as the sum of the Solo MCR of all entities in the group included via an internal or standard model. The scope of the Allianz Group for 
purposes of the Group MCR is limited to consolidated entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II. Allianz 
Group entities that are (a) regulated under insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II and included in the group 
solvency calculation with method 2 (deduction and aggregation method), and (b) financial institutions regulated otherwise (including banks, 
asset managers, and IORPs) are outside the scope of the Group MCR Ratio (no contribution to the Group MCR, no contribution to own fund items 
eligible to cover the Group MCR). See footnote 4 regarding the table of historical solvency ratios of Allianz SE and Allianz Group in the section 
“Description of Allianz SE and Allianz Group—Solvency and Regulatory Capital—Application of transitional measures on technical provisions in 
the calculation of Solvency and Minimum Capital Requirement ratios of Allianz SE and the Allianz Group” below.  
 
1 From a formal perspective, the German Supervisory Authority deems Allianz Group’s model to be partial because it does not cover all of Allianz Group’s operations: some of Allianz Group's smaller 
operations report under the standard model and others under the deduction and aggregation method.

--- Page 147 ---
147
The Group must hold available own funds of a certain quality in the amount of the Group MCR. Own funds are derived from the market value 
balance sheet (“MVBS”) in line with the provisions of Solvency II, and are divided into three tiers in accordance with the quality of the own funds. 
Tier 1, such as common equity and retained earnings (which are represented as one of the components of the so-called “reconciliation reserve” 
in the MVBS), is the highest quality of own funds and must be able to absorb losses on a ‘going-concern’ basis. Tier 1 is divided into restricted (i.e., 
subject to a regulatory maximum limit) and unrestricted Tier 1 (i.e., not subject to a regulatory maximum limit). Tier 2 is of a lower quality than 
Tier 1 and is available to absorb losses on a ‘gone concern’ basis (insolvency). Tier 3 represents own funds of the lowest quality and has only 
limited loss-absorbing capacity. 
The Allianz Group’s and Allianz SE’s tiers of own funds comprise: 
• 
Unrestricted Tier 1 (“UT1”): UT1 consists primarily of share capital and the share premium account, surplus funds as well as the recon-
ciliation reserve, minus related deductions. The reconciliation reserve represents the excess of assets over liabilities derived from the 
MVBS, reduced by mainly share capital, share premium account, surplus funds, net deferred tax assets, and deductions for own shares 
as well as foreseeable dividends and distributions. 
• 
Restricted Tier 1 (“RT1”): RT1 consists of perpetual subordinated liabilities issued by the Allianz Group that meet certain requirements 
or that benefit from grandfathering under Solvency II.  
• 
Tier 2 (“T2”): T2 consists of subordinated liabilities of the Allianz Group that meet certain requirements (or benefit from grandfathering 
under Solvency II ), but do not qualify as RT1. 
• 
Tier 3 (“T3”): T3 relates mainly to the available part of net deferred tax assets. 
For compliance with the Group SCR and Solo SCR rules, the following quantitative limits apply: (a) the eligible amount of Tier 1 must be at least 
one half of the SCR; (b) the eligible amount of RT1 is limited to a maximum of 20% of total Tier 1; (c) the eligible amount of Tier 3 is limited to a 
maximum of 15% of the SCR; and (d) the sum of the eligible amounts of Tier 2 and Tier 3 is limited to a maximum of 50% of the SCR. 
For compliance with the Group MCR and Solo MCR rules, the following quantitative limits apply: (a) the eligible amount of Tier 1 must be at least 
80% of the MCR; (b) the eligible amount of RT1 is limited to a maximum of 20% of total Tier 1; and (c) the eligible amount of Tier 2 is limited to a 
maximum of 20% of the MCR. Tier 3 is not eligible to cover the MCR. In certain scenarios, this requirement may not be met at group-level while 
the Group still holds available own funds in the amount of the Group SCR (so-called trigger inversion). 
APPLICATION OF TRANSITIONAL MEASURES ON TECHNICAL PROVISIONS IN THE CALCULATION OF SOLVENCY 
AND MINIMUM CAPITAL REQUIREMENT RATIOS OF ALLIANZ SE AND THE ALLIANZ GROUP 
Solvency II foresees transitional measures to allow EEA entities to gradually move to a full implementation of Solvency II over a period of time. 
However, in connection with the ongoing review of the Solvency II Directive, the European Commission proposed that insurers should only be 
allowed to start applying such transitional measures to technical provisions in very limited cases. Prior to the year 2020, Allianz Group and Allianz 
SE had treated the ability to apply for such transitional measures as one of its potential recovery tools in the context of its recovery plan. Accord-
ingly, in order to avoid losing the ability to avail itself of such transitional measures, the Allianz SE caused two of its subsidiaries (Allianz Leben 
and Allianz Private Krankenversicherung) to apply for transitional measures for their technical provisions, and BaFin granted its approval in June 
2020. 
The application of transitional measures on technical provisions reduces the Solvency II MVBS value of technical provisions. The reduction is, in 
principle, calculated based on the difference between the value of technical provisions under the prior regulatory regime (known as “Solvency I”) 
and their value under the current Solvency II regime, as per 1 January 2016. The reduction of technical provisions increases the excess of assets 
over liabilities (MVBS) of Allianz Group, which in turn leads to an increase of the own funds of Allianz Group (net of potential deferred tax). In 
addition, the Group SCR and Group MCR capital requirements and other items of Group own funds can also be impacted.  
The effect of the application of transitional measures on technical provisions decreases over time until 1 January 2032, when such measures will 
cease to have an effect on the MVBS of either the Allianz Group or Allianz SE (solo). The base amount by which technical provisions can be 
reduced, and by which the excess of assets over liabilities (MVBS) is increased, is calculated based on a portion of the difference between the 
value of technical provisions under Solvency I and that under the current Solvency II regime, as per 1 January 2016. The maximum deductible 
portion of this base amount decreases linearly from 100% during the year starting from 1 January 2016 to zero on 1 January 2032. The BaFin can 
request a recalculation of the benefit from transitional measures on technical provisions every 24 months, or more frequently where the risk profile 
of the relevant undertakings has materially changed. Such a recalculation may result in a faster reduction of the deductible amount, and hence 
lower solvency ratios, than is the case under the current calculation methodology. The German regulator BaFin is consulting the German insur-
ance industry, including Allianz, on the recalculation of the transitional measures for technical provisions in 2024 and we expect that the regula-
tory benefit of the transitional measures on technical provisions will be reduced to zero as a consequence. Such a re-calculation may become 
effective as early as 30 June 2024. 
In addition, in connection with the ongoing review of the Solvency II Directive, the European Commission has also proposed that, where a group 
materially relies on own funds at group level that are derived from benefits from transitional measures on technical provisions, the group super-
visor shall have the power to take appropriate measures, including the power to treat such own funds as non-available to cover the group SCR.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
If this proposal was cast into law, the effect of the transitional measures on eligible own funds of the Allianz Group for purposes of the Group SCR 
Ratio and the Group MCR Ratio could lead to supervisory measures lowering their impact at the Allianz Group level. 
The Allianz Group’s approach to capital steering will continue to focus on solvency ratios excluding the impact of transitional measures for tech-
nical provisions. For example, the 180% (or greater) target for the Allianz Group’s SCR Ratio refers to the Group SCR ratio excluding the effect of 
such transitionals. 
The following table illustrates the SCR ratios and the MCR ratios of the Issuer and the Allianz Group, as applicable, both regulatory and economic 
view, as of 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 
March 2024 
(regulatory 
view6) 
As of 31 
March 2024 
(economic 
view7) 
As of 31 
March 2023 
(regulatory 
view6) 
As of 31 March 
2023 
(economic 
view7) 
Own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group SCR 
95.4 
90.4 
90.1 
79.9 
Group SCR 
44.6 
44.6 
38.9 
38.9 
Group SCR Ratio1  
214% 
203% 
232% 
206% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
50.9 
45.8 
51.2 
41.0 
 
 
 
 
 
Own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group MCR 
75.7 
70.5 
72.5 
62.2 
Group MCR 
27.1 
26.4 
23.8 
22.9 
Group MCR Ratio2  
279% 
267% 
305% 
271% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
48.6 
44.1 
48.8 
39.3 
 
 
 
 
 
Own fund items of the Issuer eligible to cover the Solo SCR 
92.5 
87.5 
89.5 
79.3 
Solo SCR 
36.5 
33.5 
33.7 
30.3 
Solo SCR Ratio 3  
253% 
261% 
266% 
262% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
56.0 
53.9 
55.9 
49.0 
 
 
 
 
 
Own fund items of the Issuer eligible to cover the Solo MCR 
82.9 
77.7 
81.6 
71.3 
Solo MCR 
9.1 
8.4 
8.4 
7.6 
Solo MCR Ratio 4  
908% 
927% 
970% 
940% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
73.8 
69.3 
73.2 
63.7 
 
 
 
 
 
1_The Group SCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group SCR by (ii) the Group SCR. The Group SCR represents the Solvency II capital requirement of the Allianz Group (or 
Group SCR) substantially consisting of the capital requirements from (a) entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II, (b) entities regulated under insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent 
to Solvency II (to the extent they are not included in the Allianz Group based on an internal or the standard model), and (c) entities regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs). 
2_The Group MCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group MCR by (ii) the Group MCR. The Group MCR represents the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement 
applicable to the Allianz Group. The scope of the Allianz Group for purposes of the Group MCR Ratio is limited to entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II. Group entities that are (a) regulated under 
insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II, and (b) financial institutions regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs) are outside the scope of the Group MCR Ratio (no contribution to the Group 
MCR, no contribution to own fund items eligible to cover the Group MCR). 
3_The Solo SCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis) eligible to cover the Solo SCR by (ii) the Solo SCR. The Solo SCR represents the solvency capital 
requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). 
4_The Solo MCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis) eligible to cover the Solo MCR by (ii) the Solo MCR. The Solo MCR represents the minimum capital 
requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). 
5_Distance to trigger breach is calculated as the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the respective capital requirement minus the respective capital requirement. 
6_The regulatory view reflects, as from Q1 2024, a full year dividend accrual immediately applicable from the first quarter on (prior to Q1 2024: quarterly dividend accrual) and includes transitional measures for technical provisions. The impact of 
such transitionals on the regulatory solvency ratios as of 31 March 2024 increased the regulatory Group SCR ratio by 20 percentage points, the regulatory Group MCR ratio by 27 percentage points, the regulatory Solo SCR ratio of Allianz SE by 
4 percentage points, and the regulatory Solo MCR ratio of Allianz SE by 29 percentage points. Once the transitionals on technical provisions have expired, or if their impact on the technical provisions is reduced to zero following a recalculation, 
the regulatory view will result in lower ratios than the economic view during the year due to the differing approach to dividend accruals. This difference between regulatory and economic view will decrease during the course of the year until it 
reaches zero by 31 December each year. 
7_The economic view reflects a quarterly dividend accrual and excludes the application of transitional measures for technical provisions.

--- Page 149 ---
149
The following table illustrates the SCR ratios and the MCR ratios of the Issuer and the Allianz Group, as applicable, both including and excluding 
the effect of transitionals, as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
SCR ratios and the MCR ratios of the Issuer and the Allianz Group 
Amounts in € bn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 
December 
2023 
(regulatory 
view6) 
As of 31 
December 
2023 
(economic 
view7) 
As of 31 
December 
2022 
(regulatory 
view6) 
As of 31 
December 
2022 
(economic 
view7) 
Own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group SCR 
99.7 
89.6 
89.2 
77.9 
Group SCR 
43.5 
43.5 
38.8 
38.8 
Group SCR Ratio1  
229% 
206% 
230% 
201% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
56.2 
46.1 
50.4 
39.1 
 
 
 
 
 
Own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group MCR 
81.3 
71.0 
72.4 
60.9 
Group MCR 
26.7 
25.8 
23.7 
22.8 
Group MCR Ratio2  
305% 
275% 
306% 
268% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
54.7 
45.2 
48.7 
38.2 
 
 
 
 
 
Own fund items of the Issuer eligible to cover the Solo SCR 
98.1 
87.9 
88.0 
76.7 
Solo SCR 
36.5 
33.1 
32.9 
29.3 
Solo SCR Ratio 3  
269% 
265% 
267% 
262% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
61.6 
54.8 
55.1 
47.5 
 
 
 
 
 
Own fund items of the Issuer eligible to cover the Solo MCR 
89.3 
79.0 
80.4 
68.9 
Solo MCR 
9.1 
8.3 
8.2 
7.3 
Solo MCR Ratio 4  
979% 
954% 
976% 
942% 
Distance to trigger breach5  
80.2 
70.7 
72.2 
61.6 
 
 
 
 
 
1_The Group SCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group SCR by (ii) the Group SCR. The Group SCR represents the Solvency II capital requirement of the Allianz Group (or 
Group SCR) substantially consisting of the capital requirements from (a) entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II, (b) entities regulated under insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent 
to Solvency II (to the extent they are not included in the Allianz Group based on an internal or the standard model), and (c) entities regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs). 
2_The Group MCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group MCR by (ii) the Group MCR. The Group MCR represents the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement 
applicable to the Allianz Group. The scope of the Allianz Group for purposes of the Group MCR Ratio is limited to entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II. Group entities that are (a) regulated under 
insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II, and (b) financial institutions regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs) are outside the scope of the Group MCR Ratio (no contribution to the Group 
MCR, no contribution to own fund items eligible to cover the Group MCR). 
3_The Solo SCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis) eligible to cover the Solo SCR by (ii) the Solo SCR. The Solo SCR represents the solvency capital 
requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). 
4_The Solo MCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis) eligible to cover the Solo MCR by (ii) the Solo MCR. The Solo MCR represents the minimum capital 
requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). 
5_Distance to trigger breach is calculated as the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the respective capital requirement minus the respective capital requirement. 
6_The regulatory view reflects, as from Q1 2024, a full year dividend accrual immediately applicable from the first quarter on (prior to Q1 2024: quarterly dividend accrual) and includes transitional measures for technical provisions. The impact of 
such transitionals on the regulatory solvency ratios as of 31 March 2024 increased the regulatory Group SCR ratio by 20 percentage points, the regulatory Group MCR ratio by 27 percentage points, the regulatory Solo SCR ratio of Allianz SE by 
4 percentage points, and the regulatory Solo MCR ratio of Allianz SE by 29 percentage points. Once the transitionals on technical provisions have expired, or if their impact on the technical provisions is reduced to zero following a recalculation, 
the regulatory view will result in lower ratios than the economic view during the year due to the differing approach to dividend accruals. This difference between regulatory and economic view will decrease during the course of the year until it 
reaches zero by 31 December each year. 
7_The economic view reflects a quarterly dividend accrual and excludes the application of transitional measures for technical provisions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Allianz Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings in Germany and a number of foreign jurisdictions, includ-
ing the United States. Such proceedings arise in the ordinary course of business, including, amongst others, their activities as insurance, banking 
and asset management companies, employers, investors and taxpayers. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of 
such proceedings, they may result in substantial damages or other payments or penalties or result in adverse publicity and damage to the Allianz 
Group’s reputation. As a result, such proceedings could have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Apart from the proceedings discussed below, Allianz SE is not aware of any threatened or pending legal, regulatory or arbitration 
proceedings which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on its and/or the Allianz Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Material proceedings in which Allianz Group companies are involved are in particular the following: 
In January 2023 a putative class action complaint was filed against Allianz SE and, in its amended version, against AllianzGI U.S., in the United 
States District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleged violation of Federal U.S. Securities Laws by making false or mis-
leading statements in public disclosures such as the annual reports of Allianz in the period between March 2018 and May 2022 regarding the 
AllianzGI U.S. Structured Alpha matter and internal controls. In March 2024, the complaint was dismissed in its entirety without prejudice.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF ALLIANZ SE OR ALLIANZ GROUP 
Save as disclosed in the section “Recent events” above, there have been no significant changes with regard to the financial position of Allianz SE 
or Allianz Group since 31 December 2023. 
Additional information 
SHARE CAPITAL OF ALLIANZ SE 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Allianz SE is €1,169,920,000 divided into 391,718,983 registered no-par value shares 
(Stückaktien) with restricted transferability. Each share is entitled to one vote. There is only one class of shares (i.e., ordinary shares), and all shares 
are fully paid-up. 
All shares of Allianz SE are issued as registered shares with no-par value (nennwertlose Stückaktien). The shares may only be transferred with the 
consent of Allianz SE. Allianz SE will only withhold its consent to a duly applied request if it deems this to be necessary in the interest of Allianz SE 
on exceptional grounds. Allianz SE will inform the applicant about the reasons leading to such refusal. ADEUS Aktienregister-Service-GmbH keeps 
the share register of Allianz SE. Registration of a shareholder in the share register is a prerequisite for the exercise of participation and voting 
rights during the General Meeting. 
Allianz SE may combine individual shares into share certificates that represent multiple shares (global shares or global certificates). Shareholders 
have no right to receive individual share certificates unless receipt thereof is necessary pursuant to the rules applicable to a stock exchange on 
which the shares are listed. 
STATUTES OF ALLIANZ SE 
The Statutes (Satzung) of Allianz SE are registered with the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) in Munich under the entry number 
HRB 164232. 
Pursuant to Section 1 para. 2 of its Statutes, the purpose of Allianz SE is to direct an international group of companies that are active in the areas 
of insurance, banking, asset management and other financial, consulting, and similar services and to hold ownership interests in insurance com-
panies, banks, industrial companies, investment companies and other enterprises. As a reinsurer, Allianz SE primarily assumes insurance business 
from its group companies and from other companies in which Allianz SE holds direct or indirect interests. 
Pursuant to Section 1 para. 3 of its Statutes, Allianz SE is authorized to transact any business and to take any measures which seem appropriate 
to serve its purpose. It may form and acquire companies and acquire interest in companies as well as manage companies, or it may confine itself 
to managing its interests. Within the framework of its purpose, Allianz SE is authorized to raise loans and to issue bonds. 
Material contracts 
For material contracts creating contingent liabilities, please refer to Note 8.13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial 
year ended 2023, in particular the sections “Litigation”, “Guarantees and Commitments”, and “Other Contingencies” (see pages 236 - 237 of the 
Allianz Group 2023 Annual Report). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Throughout its financial publications, the Allianz Group uses non-IFRS alternative performance measures (“APMs”) in addition to the figures which 
are prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European Union. We believe that 
these measures provide useful information to investors and enhance the understanding of our results. These financial measures are designed to 
measure performance, growth, profit generation, and capital efficiency. Investors should not place undue reliance on these non-IFRS measures 
and should not consider either of these measures to be indicative of the Allianz Group’s historical operating results or financial condition; nor are 
they meant to be predictive of future results. These alternative performance measures may not be uniformly defined by all companies and ac-
cordingly they may not be directly comparable with similarly titled measures and disclosures by other companies. The APMs should be viewed as 
complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS and should be considered in conjunction with the IFRS 
measures as set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated herein by reference. 
The Allianz Group uses the following major alternative performance measures: 
− 
Total business volume  
− 
Operating profit 
− 
Shareholders’ core net income

--- Page 151 ---
151
− 
Core earnings per share 
− 
Core return on equity 
− 
Operating insurance service result 
− 
Combined ratio 
− 
New business margin 
− 
Cost-income ratio 
Investors should consider that similarly titled APMs reported by other companies may be calculated differently. As a result, there may be limita-
tions to the comparability of APMs across companies. In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider the financial statements of the 
Issuers incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
In accordance with the guidelines of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), the following information is given in regards to the 
alternative performance measures listed above: 
− 
Definition of the APMs, their use and limitations on the usefulness: section “Definitions, use and limitations” below. 
− 
Reconciliation of the APMs to the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented in the financial statements: sections “Rec-
onciliations” below. 
Definitions, use and limitations 
TOTAL BUSINESS VOLUME 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
Total business volume presents a measure for the overall amount of business generated during a specific reporting period. According to our 
business segments, total business volume in the Allianz Group comprises:  
− 
Gross premiums written as well as fee and commission income in Property-Casualty;  
− 
Statutory gross premiums in Life/Health; and 
− 
Operating revenues in Asset Management. 
Total business volume must not be confused with IFRS insurance revenue. IFRS 17 sets out that insurance revenue shall be recognized when an 
entity satisfies its performance obligations. A written-premium approach may not be used for the presentation of IFRS insurance revenue, but 
may still serve as a measure of growth. 
In accordance with this, we consider total business volume as a key performance indicator in addition to IFRS insurance revenue. We believe that 
it is useful and meaningful to our external audience because it is an important financial measure for the growth of the Allianz Group during a 
specific time period. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Total business volume does not provide any information as to the profitability of the Allianz Group. It also does not provide information as to 
when the services connected to the business are provided. Therefore, total business volume should always be viewed in conjunction with e.g. IFRS 
insurance revenue, operating profit or net income (loss). 
Furthermore, total business volume is subject to fluctuations which do not derive from the performance of the Allianz Group. These fluctuations 
result from effects of price changes, foreign currency translation as well as acquisitions, disposals, and transfers.  
OPERATING PROFIT (OP) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
The Allianz Group uses operating profit to evaluate the performance of its reportable segments as well as of the Allianz Group as a whole. 
Operating profit highlights the portion of income (loss) before income taxes that is attributable to the ongoing core operations of the Allianz 
Group. 
The Allianz Group considers the presentation of operating profit to be useful and meaningful to investors because it enhances the understanding 
of the Allianz Group’s underlying operating performance and the comparability of its operating performance over time. 
Operating profit is used as one of the decision metrics by the Allianz Group’s management. 
To better understand the ongoing operations of the business, the Allianz Group generally excludes the following non-operating effects: 
− 
realized gains/losses (net),

--- Page 152 ---
152 
− 
expected credit loss allowance, 
− 
income from derivatives (net), 
− 
interest expenses from external debt, 
− 
impairments of investments (net), 
− 
valuation result from investments and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
− 
specific acquisition and administrative expenses, consisting of acquisition-related expenses (from business combinations), income taxes re-
lated incidental benefits/expenses, litigation expenses, and one-time effects from significant reinsurance transactions with disposal charac-
ter, 
− 
amortization of intangible assets, 
− 
restructuring and integration expenses, and 
− 
income and expenses from the application of hyperinflation accounting. 
The following exceptions apply to this general rule: 
− 
In all reportable segments, the valuation result from investments and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss is treated as operating profit if it relates to operating business. 
− 
For life/health insurance business and property-casualty insurance products with policyholder participation, all items listed above are in-
cluded in operating profit if the profit sources are shared with policyholders. 
Operating profit should be viewed as complementary to, and not as a substitute for, income before income taxes or net income (loss) as deter-
mined in accordance with IFRS. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Operating profit is subject to fluctuations which do not derive from the performance of the Allianz Group, such as changes in foreign currency 
rates or acquisitions, disposals, and transfers between reportable segments. 
SHAREHOLDERS’ CORE NET INCOME 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
Shareholders’ core net income (or loss) means, for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Allianz Group attributable to shareholders, deter-
mined on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS, excluding the following non-operating items (including any related income tax effects): 
− 
Non-operating market movements, comprising: 
− valuation result from investments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and 
− income from derivatives (net). 
− 
Non-operating amortization and impairments on intangible assets from business combinations except for insurance, investment or service 
contracts, or agreements for the distribution of such contracts. 
Shareholders’ core net income is used as one of the decision metrics by the Allianz Group’s management beside operating profit and net income 
attributable to shareholders. It is also used for the calculation of core earnings per share and core return on equity. 
The Allianz Group considers the presentation of shareholders’ core net income to be useful and meaningful to investors because it reduces the 
short-term market volatility and impact caused by non-operating items which are not attendant to the Allianz Group’s sustainable performance. 
Shareholders’ core net income therefore enhances the understanding of the Allianz Group’s sustainable performance and the comparability of 
its performance over time. 
Shareholders’ core net income should be viewed as complementary to, and not as a substitute for, net income attributable to shareholders as 
determined in accordance with IFRS. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Shareholders’ core net income is still subject to fluctuations which are not representative for the sustainable performance of the Allianz Group, 
such as changes in foreign currency rates or acquisitions, disposals, and transfers between reportable segments.

--- Page 153 ---
153
CORE EARNINGS PER SHARE (CORE EPS) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
Earnings per share (EPS) is a measure for profitability per share and is defined by IFRS 2. According to the standard, earnings per share is generally 
calculated by dividing net income attributable to shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding. The net income attribut-
able to shareholders is adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. For the cal-
culation of diluted earnings per share, the nominator and denominator are adjusted for the effects of potentially dilutive shares. These effects 
arise from various share-based compensation plans of the Allianz Group. 
In addition to the EPS as defined by IFRS 2, the Allianz Group also uses core EPS as a measure for profitability per share. In the determination of 
core EPS, the net income attributable to shareholders is replaced by the shareholders’ core net income. Core EPS is therefore calculated as follows: 
 
Core EPS Group  =
              Shareholders' core net income1              
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding 
1_Shareholders’ core net income adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. 
As outlined above, shareholders’ core net income enhances the understanding of the Allianz Group’s sustainable performance. We therefore 
believe that the presentation of core EPS in addition to EPS as defined by IFRS 2 provides relevant and meaningful information for investors 
because it reduces the short-term market volatility and impact caused by non-operating items which are not attendant to the Allianz Group’s 
sustainable performance. Core EPS therefore enhances the understanding of the Allianz Group’s sustainable performance and the comparability 
of its performance over time. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
As the core EPS is based on shareholders’ core net income, the core EPS of the Allianz Group also includes items which are subject to fluctuations 
that are not representative for the sustainable performance of the Allianz Group, such as changes in foreign currency rates or acquisitions and 
disposals. 
Furthermore, core EPS is inherently limited by the fact that it represents a ratio and thus does not provide any information as to the absolute 
amount of shareholders’ core net income. 
CORE RETURN ON EQUITY (CORE ROE) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
For the Allianz Group, the core return on equity represents the ratio of shareholders’ core net income to the average shareholders’ equity at the 
beginning and at the end of the period. Shareholders’ core net income is adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated 
bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. From the average shareholders’ equity, undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, 
unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses are excluded. 
 
Core RoE Group  =               Shareholders' core net income1              
(Shareholders’ equity2 beginning of period +
Shareholders’ equity2 end of period)/2
 
1_Shareholders’ core net income adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. 
2_Shareholders’ equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses. 
The Allianz Group uses the core RoE as a key performance indicator. It combines the view on business profitability and capital efficiency. Therefore, 
management uses core RoE in the steering of our business. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The core RoE of the Allianz Group includes items which are not indicative to the management performance.  
The performance indicator core RoE is inherently limited by the fact that it represents a ratio and thus does not provide any information as to the 
absolute amount of shareholders’ core net income or shareholders’ equity.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
OPERATING INSURANCE SERVICE RESULT 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
The insurance service result is an underwriting performance measure and is defined by IFRS 17. According to the standard, an entity shall present 
insurance revenue, insurance service expenses including incurred claims and other incurred insurance service expenses as well as the reinsurance 
service result in profit or loss.  
However, in contrast to the definition in IFRS 17, the Allianz Group also includes the following components in its operating insurance service result: 
− 
Non-attributable acquisition, administrative and claims expenses of our operating entities which were also included in the underwriting result 
before the adoption of IFRS 17. The standard would show costs that are not directly linked to specific contracts outside the insurance service 
result. However, we believe that a broader definition of expenses required to run the business provides a more comprehensive reflection of 
the underwriting performance and the way we steer the business.  
− 
Adjustments for experience variances at claims and expenses where our operating entities share the technical results with the policyholders 
(only for insurance contracts under the variable fee approach, in particular in the German-speaking markets, i.e. Germany, Austria, and Swit-
zerland). IFRS 17 would normally reflect these adjustments within the insurance finance expense as part of the investment result. However, 
since these adjustments are directly linked to the claims and expense result, we consider the inclusion within the operating insurance service 
result to be more meaningful. For the same reason and business types, unexpected restructuring charges, normally shown in non-operating 
profit, may be included in the operating insurance service result, where they are part of the underlying items and expense results subject to 
contractual policyholder participation.  
The Allianz Group uses the operating insurance service result as a key performance indicator in the Property-Casualty segment. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The operating insurance service result is subject to fluctuations which do not derive from the performance of the Allianz Group, such as changes 
in foreign currency rates, price changes or acquisitions, disposals, and transfers between reportable segments. 
COMBINED RATIO (CR) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
The Allianz Group uses the combined ratio as a measure of underwriting profitability in the Property-Casualty segment. The combined ratio 
represents the total of claims and benefits, including reinsurance result, as well as acquisition and administrative expenses divided by insurance 
revenue. 
 
CR PC Segment= Claims and benefits incl. reinsurance result + Acquisition and administrative expenses
Insurance revenue
 
The combined ratio is typically expressed as a percentage. A ratio of below 100 % indicates that the insurance service result is profitable, whereas 
a ratio of above 100 % indicates a negative insurance service result.  
The combined ratio can be further broken down into the loss ratio and the expense ratio. The loss ratio represents claims and benefits, including 
reinsurance result, divided by insurance revenue, and thus expresses the percentage of insurance revenue used to settle claims. 
 
Loss Ratio PC Segment= Claims and benefits incl. reinsurance result
Insurance revenue
 
 
The expense ratio represents acquisition and administrative expenses divided by insurance revenue. It expresses the percentage of insurance 
revenue used to cover underwriting expenses for the acquisition of new or renewal business and for administrative expenses. 
 
Expense RatioPC Segment= Acquisition and administrative expenses
Insurance revenue

--- Page 155 ---
155
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The combined ratio is used to measure underwriting profitability, but it does not capture the profitability of the investment result or the non-
operating result. Even in case of a combined ratio of above 100 %, the operating profit and/or the net income can still be positive due to a positive 
investment income and/or a positive non-operating result.  
Moreover, the usefulness of the combined ratio is inherently limited by the fact that it is a ratio and thus it does not provide information on the 
absolute amount of the insurance service result. 
NEW BUSINESS MARGIN (NBM) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS  
The new business margin is a common key performance indicator to measure the profitability of new business in our Life/Health segment. The 
NBM is calculated as the value of new business (VNB) divided by the present value of new business premiums (PVNBP). 
 
NBMLH Segment= 
Value of new business (VNB)
Present value of new business premiums (PVNBP) 
 
The VNB is the additional value to shareholders that results from the writing of new business. It is determined as the present value of pre-tax 
future profits, adjusted for acquisition expenses overrun or underrun, and non-attributable costs and value of financial options and guarantees, 
minus a risk adjustment, all determined at issue date. Value of new business is calculated at point of sale, interpreted as at the beginning of each 
quarter assumptions.  
The PVNBP is the present value of projected new regular premiums, discounted with risk-free rates including an adjustment for illiquidity, plus the 
total amount of single premiums received.  
VNB and PVNBP are determined by using an actuarial platform. In the actuarial platform, insurance contracts are projected deterministically 
using best-estimate assumptions for lapse, mortality, disability, and expenses until maturity. Contracts are projected no longer than 60 years. 
Premiums are before reinsurance. To receive a valid and meaningful NBM, the calculation of VNB and PVNBP need to be based on the same 
assumptions. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Limitations come from the best-estimate assumptions, including risk-free rate, and the long projection period of up to 60 years. The best-estimate 
assumptions are derived from historical data. This means that a different future customer behavior could lead to variances. The same is applica-
ble to the risk-free rate, which is based on current market data. Furthermore, the long projection period is worthy of discussion, because changes 
such as regulatory changes or a new currency are not reflected in the projection. 
COST-INCOME RATIO (CIR) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS  
The Allianz Group uses the cost-income ratio as a key performance indicator in the Asset Management segment. The CIR sets operating expenses 
in relation to operating revenues in a given period. 
 
CIRAM Segment= Operating expenses1
Operating revenues2 
1_Operating expenses consist of operating administrative expenses. 
2_Operating revenues are the sum of operating fee and commission income and expenses (net), operating investment income (net) and other operating income and expenses (net). The term “net” means that the relevant 
expenses have already been deducted. 
The Allianz Group uses CIR in order to measure the efficiency of its activities in the Asset Management segment. Changes in the ratio indicate a 
change in efficiency. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The CIR in a given period of time can be influenced by special items, one-offs or foreign exchange effects on the revenue and/or expense side 
which lead to a change in CIR without a long-term change of efficiency.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Moreover, the usefulness of the cost-income ratio is inherently limited by the fact that it is a ratio and thus it does not provide information on the 
absolute amount of the operating revenues and expenses.

--- Page 157 ---
157
RECONCILIATIONS AS OF AND FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2024 AND 31 MARCH 
2023 (UNAUDITED) 
The financial results are based on the new IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) and IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts) accounting standards, which have 
been adopted as of 1 January 2023. Moreover, some figures as of 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 March 2023 have been retro-
spectively adjusted for purposes of the presentation in this Prospectus due to the error identified by Allianz Group (for more information, see 
“Recent events”). 
TOTAL BUSINESS VOLUME 
Composition of total business volume 
€ mn 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
PROPERTY-CASUALTY 
 
 
Total business volume 
25,488 
24,108 
consisting of: 
 
 
Gross premiums written 
24,826 
23,463 
Fee and commission income 
662 
645 
LIFE/HEALTH 
 
 
Statutory gross premiums 
21,104 
20,114 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Operating revenues 
1,990 
1,900 
consisting of: 
 
 
Net fee and commission income 
1,957 
1,875 
Net investment result 
32 
17 
Other income and expenses 
1 
8 
CONSOLIDATION 
(172) 
(157) 
Allianz Group total business volume 
48,410 
45,966

--- Page 158 ---
158 
OPERATING PROFIT (OP) 
Business segment information – reconciliation of operating profit (loss) to net income (loss) 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit (loss) 
2,066 
1,327 
773 
(179) 
(2) 
3,986 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment income (net)1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Realized gains/losses (net)1  
(36) 
(48) 
7 
1 
- 
(77) 
Expected credit loss allowance 
2 
(3) 
- 
(2) 
- 
(3) 
Income from derivatives (net) 
(40) 
(63) 
- 
41 
(1) 
(63) 
Impairments of investments (net)1  
(4) 
- 
(1) 
- 
- 
(4) 
Valuation result from investments and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
59 
12 
5 
(18) 
3 
61 
Reclassifications 
9 
44 
- 
- 
- 
52 
Interest expenses from external debt 
- 
- 
- 
(183) 
- 
(183) 
Subtotal 
(9) 
(59) 
11 
(161) 
2 
(216) 
Non-operating other result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortization of intangible assets 
(46) 
(17) 
(2) 
(3) 
- 
(67) 
Restructuring and integration expenses 
(54) 
(3) 
(1) 
(31) 
- 
(89) 
Acquisition and administrative expenses2  
8 
(1) 
2 
2 
- 
12 
Income and expenses from hyperinflation accounting 
(114) 
(18) 
- 
- 
- 
(132) 
Reclassifications 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
(205) 
(39) 
- 
(33) 
- 
(277) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
1,852 
1,229 
784 
(373) 
- 
3,493 
Income taxes 
(445) 
(285) 
(199) 
68 
- 
(861) 
Net income (loss) 
1,407 
944 
585 
(304) 
- 
2,631 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net income (loss) attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests 
36 
(7) 
51 
76 
- 
156 
Shareholders 
1,371 
951 
534 
(381) 
- 
2,475

--- Page 159 ---
159
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit (loss) 
1,872 
1,320 
723 
(176) 
(7) 
3,731 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment income (net)1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Realized gains/losses (net)1  
(11) 
(2) 
(1) 
(12) 
- 
(26) 
Expected credit loss allowance 
8 
- 
- 
(4) 
- 
5 
Income from derivatives (net) 
(35) 
44 
- 
(100) 
1 
(90) 
Impairments of investments (net)1  
(4) 
(161) 
- 
(20) 
- 
(185) 
Valuation result from investments and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
(57) 
22 
4 
(77) 
3 
(105) 
Reclassifications 
3 
(32) 
- 
- 
- 
(29) 
Interest expenses from external debt 
- 
- 
- 
(142) 
- 
(142) 
Subtotal 
(95) 
(129) 
3 
(353) 
3 
(571) 
Non-operating other result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortization of intangible assets 
(48) 
(17) 
(5) 
(5) 
- 
(75) 
Restructuring and integration expenses 
(35) 
(8) 
(3) 
(3) 
- 
(48) 
Acquisition and administrative expenses2  
- 
(8) 
(2) 
(7) 
- 
(17) 
Income and expenses from hyperinflation accounting 
(62) 
(36) 
- 
- 
- 
(98) 
Reclassifications 
- 
(7) 
- 
- 
- 
(7) 
Subtotal 
(145) 
(76) 
(9) 
(15) 
- 
(244) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
1,631 
1,115 
716 
(544) 
(4) 
2,915 
Income taxes 
(444) 
(275) 
(182) 
145 
- 
(755) 
Net income (loss) 
1,187 
840 
535 
(398) 
(4) 
2,160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net income (loss) attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests 
33 
55 
44 
(4) 
- 
128 
Shareholders 
1,154 
785 
491 
(394) 
(4) 
2,032 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1_In investment terminology the term "net" is used when the relevant expenses have already been deducted. 
2_Include, if applicable, acquisition-related expenses, income taxes related incidental benefits/expenses, litigation expenses, and one-time effects from significant reinsurance transactions with disposal character.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
SHAREHOLDERS’ CORE NET INCOME 
Business segment information – reconciliation of income (loss) before income taxes to shareholders’ core net income (loss) 
€ mn  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
1,852 
1,229 
784 
(373) 
- 
3,493 
Adjustment for non-operating market movements1 
(25) 
40 
(5) 
(111) 
(2) 
(102) 
Adjustment for amortization of intangible assets from business combinations 
18 
3 
- 
3 
- 
24 
Core income (loss) before income taxes 
1,845 
1,272 
780 
(480) 
(2) 
3,414 
Income taxes related to core income (loss) 
(448) 
(294) 
(198) 
59 
- 
(882) 
Core net income (loss) 
1,397 
978 
581 
(421) 
(2) 
2,533 
thereof: Shareholders' core net income (loss) 
1,360 
983 
531 
(359) 
(2) 
2,513 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
1,631 
1,115 
716 
(544) 
(4) 
2,915 
Adjustment for non-operating market movements1 
54 
(30) 
(4) 
160 
(3) 
177 
Adjustment for amortization of intangible assets from business combinations 
21 
3 
- 
3 
- 
27 
Core income (loss) before income taxes 
1,706 
1,089 
713 
(381) 
(8) 
3,119 
Income taxes related to core income (loss) 
(459) 
(267) 
(181) 
101 
- 
(806) 
Core net income (loss) 
1,247 
822 
532 
(280) 
(7) 
2,313 
thereof: Shareholders' core net income (loss) 
1,214 
766 
488 
(288) 
(7) 
2,173 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1_Includes, if applicable, valuation result from investments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and income from derivatives (net). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CORE EARNINGS PER SHARE (CORE EPS) 
Reconciliation of core earnings per share 
€ mn 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
Shareholders' core net income – basic1 
2,513 
2,173 
Effect of potentially dilutive shares 
(3) 
(2) 
Shareholders' core net income – diluted1 
2,510 
2,171 
 
 
 
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding – basic 
391,366,716 
399,985,391 
Potentially dilutive shares 
219,181 
133,708 
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding – diluted 
391,585,898 
400,119,099 
 
 
 
Core earnings per share (€) – basic 
6.42 
5.43 
Core earnings per share (€) – diluted 
6.41 
5.43 
 
 
 
1_Adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity.

--- Page 161 ---
161
CORE RETURN ON EQUITY (CORE ROE) 
Reconciliation of core return on equity for the Allianz Group 
€ mn 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
Shareholders' core net income1  
2,513 
2,173 
Shareholders’ equity beginning of period2 
56,4833 
54,9703 
Shareholders’ equity end of period2 
59,044 
55,9923 
Core return on equity in % 
4.4 
3.93 
 
 
 
1_Adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. 
2_Excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses. 
3_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling interests to financial liabilities related 
to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn as of 31 
December 2023, by € 0.2 bn as of 31 March 2023 and by € 0.2 bn as of 31 December 2022). Consequently, core RoE for the three months ended 31 March 2023 changed by +0.02%-p compared to the previously published figure. 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of total equity to shareholders’ equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains 
and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses for the Allianz Group 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 
March 2024 
As of 1 
January 2024 
As of 31 
March 2023 
As of 1 January 
2023 
Total equity 
63,420 
61,5601 
59,6911 
57,1761 
Non-controlling interests 
3,441 
3,3211 
3,1601 
2,9991 
Unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts2 
35,224 
34,207 
47,673 
54,854 
Other unrealized gains and losses (including expected credit loss)2 
(39,104) 
(37,215) 
(51,934) 
(60,490) 
Undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity 
4,815 
4,764 
4,802 
4,843 
Shareholders’ equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized 
gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses 
59,044 
56,4831 
55,9921 
54,9701 
 
 
 
 
 
1_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling interests to financial liabilities related 
to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn as of 31 
December 2023, by € 0.2 bn as of 31 March 2023 and by € 0.2 bn as of 31 December 2022). 
2_Attributable to shareholders. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING INSURANCE SERVICE RESULT 
Reconciliation of operating insurance service result 
€ mn 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
Operating insurance service result 
1,433 
1,336 
Non-attributable expenses 
581 
522 
Adjustments for experience variances at claims and expenses 
- 
(2) 
Insurance service result as defined by IFRS 17 
2,015 
1,857 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMBINED RATIO (CR)  
Reconciliation of combined ratio 
€ mn 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
Claims and benefits including reinsurance result 
(11,894) 
(11,005) 
Acquisition and administrative expenses 
(4,353) 
(4,088) 
Insurance revenue 
17,680 
16,428 
Combined ratio in % 
91.9 
91.9 
Loss ratio in % 
67.3 
67.0 
Expense ratio in % 
24.6 
24.9

--- Page 162 ---
162 
NEW BUSINESS MARGIN (NBM) 
There is no comparable IFRS financial measure. Therefore, a reconciliation is not possible. However, our calculation of NBM is consistent with the 
accounting policies we apply in our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
COST-INCOME RATIO (CIR) 
Reconciliation of cost-income ratio  
€ mn 
 
 
 
Three months ended 31 March 
2024 
2023 
Operating expenses 
(1,217) 
(1,178) 
Operating revenues 
1,990 
1,900 
Cost-income ratio in % 
61.1 
62.0

--- Page 163 ---
163
RECONCILIATIONS AS OF AND FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 31 DECEMBER 
2022 (AUDITED, UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED) 
The financial results are based on the new IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) and IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts) accounting standards, which have 
been adopted as of 1 January 2023. Comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect the application of these new accounting standards. 
Therefore, audited figures as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 has been taken from the comparative period included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. Moreover, some figures as of 31 December 2023, 
31 December 2022 and 1 January 2022 have been retrospectively adjusted for purposes of the presentation in this Prospectus due to the error 
identified by Allianz Group (for more information, see “Recent events”). 
TOTAL BUSINESS VOLUME 
Composition of total business volume 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
PROPERTY-CASUALTY 
 
 
Total business volume 
76,531 
70,613 
consisting of: 
 
 
Gross premiums written (unaudited) 
73,998 
68,222 
Fee and commission income 
2,534 
2,391 
LIFE/HEALTH 
 
 
Statutory gross premiums 
77,878 
75,258 
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Operating revenues 
8,086 
8,234 
consisting of: 
 
 
Net fee and commission income 
7,960 
8,211 
Net investment result 
95 
7 
Other income and expenses (unaudited) 
31 
16 
CONSOLIDATION 
(795) 
(781) 
Allianz Group total business volume 
161,700 
153,324

--- Page 164 ---
164 
OPERATING PROFIT (OP) 
Business segment information – reconciliation of operating profit (loss) to net income (loss) 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit (loss) 
6,909 
5,191 
3,126 
(474) 
(7) 
14,746 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment income (net)1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Realized gains/losses (net)1 (unaudited) 
(129) 
(133) 
4 
(50) 
5 
(302) 
Expected credit loss allowance (unaudited) 
(8) 
(8) 
- 
(22) 
- 
(37) 
Income from derivatives (net) (unaudited) 
(37) 
7 
- 
(208) 
(2) 
(240) 
Impairments of investments (net)1 (unaudited) 
(106) 
(15) 
(3) 
(42) 
- 
(165) 
Valuation result from investments and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss (unaudited) 
(285) 
(4) 
13 
(466) 
7 
(734) 
Reclassifications (unaudited) 
20 
(64) 
- 
- 
- 
(44) 
Interest expenses from external debt 
- 
- 
- 
(631) 
- 
(631) 
Subtotal 
(544) 
(217) 
14 
(1,418) 
10 
(2,155) 
Non-operating other result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortization of intangible assets (unaudited) 
(196) 
(68) 
(15) 
(19) 
- 
(298) 
Restructuring and integration expenses (unaudited) 
(267) 
(75) 
(26) 
(160) 
- 
(529) 
Acquisition and administrative expenses2 (unaudited) 
8 
- 
66 
(2) 
- 
73 
Income and expenses from hyperinflation accounting (unaudited) 
(185) 
(75) 
- 
- 
- 
(260) 
Reclassifications (unaudited) 
11 
(7) 
- 
- 
- 
4 
Subtotal 
(629) 
(225) 
25 
(181) 
- 
(1,010) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
5,736 
4,750 
3,165 
(2,073) 
3 
11,582 
Income taxes 
(1,462) 
(962) 
(812) 
688 
(1) 
(2,550) 
Net income (loss) 
4,274 
3,788 
2,353 
(1,385) 
2 
9,032 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net income (loss) attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests 
120 
200 
195 
(23) 
- 
491 
Shareholders 
4,154 
3,589 
2,158 
(1,361) 
2 
8,541

--- Page 165 ---
165
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit (loss) 
6,827 
4,218 
3,198 
(540) 
112 
13,814 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-operating investment income (net)1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Realized gains/losses (net)1 (unaudited) 
71 
245 
450 
161 
3 
930 
Expected credit loss allowance (unaudited) 
(88) 
(6) 
- 
7 
- 
(87) 
Income from derivatives (net) (unaudited) 
(326) 
24 
- 
(26) 
2 
(325) 
Impairments of investments (net)1 (unaudited) 
(367) 
(81) 
(5) 
(22) 
- 
(476) 
Valuation result from investments and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss (unaudited) 
(592) 
(100) 
(2) 
(231) 
(2) 
(927) 
Reclassifications (unaudited) 
36 
360 
- 
- 
- 
396 
Interest expenses from external debt 
- 
- 
- 
(561) 
- 
(561) 
Subtotal 
(1,267) 
442 
443 
(672) 
3 
(1,050) 
Non-operating other result 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortization of intangible assets (unaudited) 
(199) 
(74) 
(17) 
(15) 
3 
(302) 
Restructuring and integration expenses (unaudited) 
(525) 
(87) 
(189) 
(77) 
- 
(877) 
Acquisition and administrative expenses2 (unaudited) 
(25) 
(9) 
(1,856) 
(30) 
- 
(1,921) 
Income and expenses from hyperinflation accounting3 (unaudited) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reclassifications (unaudited) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
(749) 
(169) 
(2,063) 
(122) 
3 
(3,100) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
4,811 
4,491 
1,578 
(1,334) 
119 
9,664 
Income taxes 
(1,454) 
(1,174) 
(644) 
492 
(29) 
(2,808) 
Net income (loss) 
3,357 
3,317 
935 
(842) 
89 
6,856 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net income (loss) attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests 
105 
157 
180 
(7) 
(1) 
435 
Shareholders 
3,251 
3,160 
755 
(835) 
90 
6,421 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1_In investment terminology the term "net" is used when the relevant expenses have already been deducted. 
2_Include, if applicable, acquisition-related expenses, income taxes related incidental benefits/expenses, litigation expenses, and one-time effects from significant reinsurance transactions with disposal character. 
3_Until 2022, the effects from the application of hyperinflation accounting were included in non-operating investment income (net).

--- Page 166 ---
166 
SHAREHOLDERS’ CORE NET INCOME 
Business segment information – reconciliation of income (loss) before income taxes to shareholders’ core net income (loss) 
€ mn  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
5,736 
4,750 
3,165 
(2,073) 
3 
11,582 
Adjustment for non-operating market movements1 
246 
(2) 
(13) 
553 
(4) 
780 
Adjustment for amortization of intangible assets from business combinations 
80 
11 
2 
11 
- 
105 
Core income (loss) before income taxes 
6,062 
4,760 
3,154 
(1,508) 
(2) 
12,466 
Income taxes related to core income (loss) 
(1,513) 
(965) 
(809) 
571 
(1) 
(2,717) 
Core net income (loss) 
4,549 
3,795 
2,345 
(937) 
(3) 
9,749 
thereof: Shareholders' core net income (loss) 
4,421 
3,595 
2,150 
(1,062) 
(3) 
9,101 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property- 
Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset 
Management 
Corporate and 
Other 
Consolidation 
Group 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
4,811 
4,491 
1,578 
(1,334) 
119 
9,664 
Adjustment for non-operating market movements1 
596 
62 
2 
90 
4 
753 
Adjustment for amortization of intangible assets from business combinations 
87 
12 
4 
7 
- 
110 
Core income (loss) before income taxes 
5,493 
4,565 
1,585 
(1,237) 
122 
10,528 
Income taxes related to core income (loss) 
(1,613) 
(1,189) 
(646) 
464 
(29) 
(3,013) 
Core net income (loss) 
3,881 
3,376 
939 
(773) 
93 
7,515 
thereof: Shareholders' core net income (loss) 
3,750 
3,205 
759 
(824) 
94 
6,984 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1_Includes, if applicable, valuation result from investments measured at fair value through profit or loss, and income from derivatives (net). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CORE EARNINGS PER SHARE (CORE EPS) 
Reconciliation of core earnings per share 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Shareholders' core net income – basic (unaudited) 
8,959 
6,865 
Effect of potentially dilutive shares (unaudited) 
(6) 
(13) 
Shareholders' core net income – diluted (unaudited) 
8,953 
6,852 
 
 
 
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding – basic 
396,190,104 
404,793,132 
Potentially dilutive shares 
125,880 
1,467,572 
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding – diluted 
396,315,983 
406,260,704 
 
 
 
Core earnings per share (€) – basic 
22.61 
16.96 
Core earnings per share (€) – diluted 
22.59 
16.87

--- Page 167 ---
167
CORE RETURN ON EQUITY (CORE ROE) 
Reconciliation of core return on equity for the Allianz Group 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Shareholders' core net income1 (unaudited) 
8,959 
6,865 
Shareholders’ equity boy2 (unaudited) 
54,9703 
52,5823 
Shareholders’ equity eoy2 (unaudited) 
56,4833 
54,9703 
Core return on equity in % (unaudited) 
16.13 
12.83 
 
 
 
1_Adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. 
2_Excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses. 
3_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling interests to financial liabilities related 
to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn, respectively). 
Consequently, core RoE for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 changed by +0.1%-p, respectively, compared to the previously published figures. 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of total equity to shareholders’ equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains 
and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses for the Allianz Group 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 eoy 
2023 boy/ 
2022 eoy 
2022 boy 
Total equity (unaudited) 
61,5601 
57,1761 
64,2491 
Non-controlling interests (unaudited) 
3,3211 
2,9991 
3,3301 
Unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts2 
34,207 
54,854 
(46,554) 
Other unrealized gains and losses (including expected credit loss)2 
(37,215) 
(60,490) 
50,192 
Undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity 
4,764 
4,843 
4,699 
Shareholders’ equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and 
losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses (unaudited) 
56,4831 
54,9701 
52,5821 
 
 
 
 
1_For purposes of presenting consolidated financial information as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2024, Allianz identified a prior period error and reclassified retrospectively certain non-controlling interests to financial liabilities related 
to investment vehicles. There is also a cumulative adjustment to shareholders’ equity. Prior periods comparative figures for the balance sheet have been adjusted with a minor impact on shareholders' equity only (reduced by € 0.2 bn, respectively). 
2_Attributable to shareholders. 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING INSURANCE SERVICE RESULT 
Reconciliation of operating insurance service result 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Operating insurance service result 
4,242 
4,298 
Non-attributable expenses (unaudited) 
2,274 
1,908 
Adjustments for experience variances at claims and expenses (unaudited) 
(7) 
(4) 
Insurance service result as defined by IFRS 17 (unaudited) 
6,509 
6,202 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMBINED RATIO (CR)  
Reconciliation of combined ratio 
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Claims and benefits including reinsurance result (unaudited) 
(47,629) 
(43,735) 
Acquisition and administrative expenses 
(16,893) 
(15,934) 
Insurance revenue 
68,757 
63,963 
Combined ratio in % (unaudited) 
93.8 
93.3 
Loss ratio in % (unaudited) 
69.3 
68.4 
Expense ratio in % (unaudited) 
24.6 
24.9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEW BUSINESS MARGIN (NBM) 
There is no comparable IFRS financial measure. Therefore, a reconciliation is not possible. However, our calculation of NBM is consistent with the 
accounting policies we apply in our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
COST-INCOME RATIO (CIR) 
Reconciliation of cost-income ratio  
€ mn 
 
 
 
 
2023 
2022 
Operating expenses (unaudited) 
(4,959) 
(5,036) 
Operating revenues 
8,086 
8,234 
Cost-income ratio in % (unaudited) 
61.3 
61.2

--- Page 169 ---
169
Independent Auditors 
Allianz Finance II B.V. appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., with their registered address being Boschdijktunnel 10, 5611 AG 
Eindhoven, The Netherlands (“PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.”) as independent auditor for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023. The auditor signing on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a member of The Royal Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the Netherlands. 
Information about the Issuer 
GENERAL 
Allianz Finance II B.V. was founded as a private limited liability company in the Netherlands on 8 May 2000 for an unlimited duration. The corpo-
rate seat of the Issuer is in Amsterdam and its office address is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, The Netherlands, telephone number 
(+31)(20)5569716. Allianz Finance II B.V. is entered in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam under no. 34134406. The legal name of the Issuer 
is “Allianz Finance II B.V.” and it is operating under the laws of The Netherlands. The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of Allianz Finance II B.V. is 
529900C9NVPTCPDI1D65. 
RECENT EVENTS MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER’S SOLVENCY 
There have been no recent events particular to Allianz Finance II B.V. which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the solvency of 
Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE ISSUER’S BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
There have been no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year. 
Business Overview 
The principal activity of Allianz Finance II B.V. is to issue bonds on behalf of and under a guarantee by its parent company, Allianz SE. Cash 
collected through a bond issue is loaned in full to Allianz SE or, if agreed so, to another entity within the Allianz Group. 
Organizational Structure 
Allianz Finance II B.V. is wholly-owned by Allianz SE and acts as a financing entity within the Allianz Group. As such, it is not dependent on any 
other entity within the Group. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus Allianz Finance II B.V. does not have any subsidiaries and does not carry out any operational activity. 
Trend Information 
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN THE PROSPECTS 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial performance of Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer has both a supervisory board (the “Supervisory Board”) and a board of managing directors (the “Management Board”). 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
The members of the Management Board of Allianz Finance II B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other
duties 
C. Bunschoten  
(retiring as of 31 May 2024) 
Managing Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz
Finance III B.V. 
F. Schneider 
Managing Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz
Finance III B.V. 
J. van der Laan 
Managing Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz
Finance III B.V. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance II B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other 
duties 
J.M. Eriksson 
Chairman 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
A. Wiechert 
Member 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
The Supervisory Board of the Allianz Finance II B.V. has not established any committees. 
The business address of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
There are no conflicts of interests between the private interests and/or other duties of the members of the Management Board and the Supervi-
sory Board and their respective duties vis-à-vis the Issuer. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2023, Allianz SE directly held 100% of the issued ordinary shares of Allianz Finance II B.V. 
Financial Information 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial information as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively and the 
auditor’s report in respect of each year are incorporated by reference (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitrational proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of its assets during the preceding 12 months, which may have or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Allianz Group’s financial position or profitability or which might be material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL POSITION 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial position of Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
Additional Information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the issued and fully paid in share capital of Allianz Finance II B.V. amounts to € 2,000,000 consisting of 2,000 
registered shares with a nominal value of € 1,000 each. Each share carries one vote. There is no authorized share capital.

--- Page 171 ---
171
The Articles of Association of Allianz Finance II B.V. are registered under number 34134406 in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam. The cor-
porate objects of Allianz Finance II B.V., as stipulated in Article 3 of its Articles of Association, are to carry out financial business of all types, in 
particular the lending and borrowing of funds, including the issue of bonds, and participation in companies and enterprises. 
Material Contracts 
Other than in the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer has not entered into any material contracts which could result in the Issuer being under 
an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Independent Auditors 
Allianz Finance III B.V. appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., with their registered address being Boschdijktunnel 10, 5611 AG 
Eindhoven, The Netherlands (“PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.”) as independent auditor for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023. The auditor signing on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a member of The Royal Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the Netherlands. 
Information about the Issuer 
GENERAL  
Allianz Finance III B.V. was founded as a private limited liability company in the Netherlands on November 29, 2005 for an unlimited duration. 
The corporate seat of the Issuer is in Amsterdam and its office address is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, the Netherlands, telephone 
number (+31)(20)5569716. Allianz Finance III B.V. is entered in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam under no. 34237528. The legal name of 
the Issuer is “Allianz Finance III B.V.” and it is operating under the laws of The Netherlands. The LEI of Allianz Finance III B.V. is 
5299000TG8YATYNK8P87. 
RECENT EVENTS MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER’S SOLVENCY 
There have been no recent events particular to Allianz Finance III B.V. which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the solvency of 
Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE ISSUER’S BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
There have been no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year. 
Business Overview 
The principal activity of Allianz Finance III B.V. is to issue bonds on behalf of and under a guarantee by its parent company, Allianz SE. Cash 
collected through a bond issue is loaned in full to Allianz SE or, if agreed so, to another entity within the Allianz Group. 
Organizational Structure 
Allianz Finance III B.V. is wholly-owned by Allianz SE and acts as a financing entity within the Allianz Group. As such, it is not dependent on any 
other entity within the Group. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus Allianz Finance III B.V. does not have any subsidiaries and does not carry out any operational activity. 
Trend Information 
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN THE PROSPECTS 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial performance of Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2023. 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V.

--- Page 173 ---
173
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer has both a supervisory board (the “Supervisory Board”) and a board of managing directors (the “Management Board”). 
The members of the Management Board of Allianz Finance III B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other 
duties 
C. Bunschoten 
(retiring as of 31 May 2024) 
Managing Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
F. Schneider 
Managing Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
J. van der Laan 
Managing Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance III B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other 
duties 
J.M. Eriksson 
Chairman 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
A. Wiechert 
Member 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
The Supervisory Board of the Allianz Finance III B.V. has not established any committees. 
The business address of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
There are no conflicts of interests between the private interests and/or other duties of the members of the Management Board and the Supervi-
sory Board and their respective duties vis-à-vis the Issuer. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2023, Allianz SE directly held 100% of the issued ordinary shares of Allianz Finance III B.V. 
Financial Information 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial information as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively and the 
auditor’s report in respect of each year are incorporated by reference (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitrational proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of its assets during the preceding 12 months, which may have or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Allianz Group’s financial position or profitability or which might be material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL POSITION 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial position of Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2023.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Additional Information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the issued and fully paid in share capital of Allianz Finance III B.V. amounts to € 2,000,000 consisting of 2,000 
registered shares with a nominal value of € 1,000 each. Each share carries one vote. There is no authorized share capital.  
The Articles of Association of Allianz Finance III B.V. are registered under number 34237528 in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam. The cor-
porate objects of Allianz Finance III B.V., as stipulated in Article 3 of its Articles of Association, are to carry out financial business of all types, in 
particular the lending and borrowing of funds, including the issue of bonds, and participation in companies and enterprises. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary course of its business, which could result in the Issuer being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders under the Notes.

--- Page 175 ---
175
 
Garantie 
Guarantee 
der Allianz SE, München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zu-
gunsten der Gläubiger der durch die Allianz Finance II B.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande, unter dem Debt Issuance Pro-
gramme der Allianz SE, München, der Allianz Finance II B.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande und der Allianz Finance III B.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande (das "Programm"), begebenen 
nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
of Allianz SE, Munich, Federal Republic of Germany, in favor 
of the holders of unsubordinated Notes issued by Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under the Debt 
Issuance Programme of Allianz SE, Munich, Allianz Finance II 
B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and Allianz Finance III 
B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands (the "Programme") 
1 
1 
1.1 
Die Allianz SE (die "Garantin") übernimmt hiermit 
gegenüber den jeweiligen Inhabern (die "Anleihe-
gläubiger") von nicht nachrangigen Schuldver-
schreibungen, die jetzt oder später von der Allianz 
Finance II B.V., Amsterdam, Niederlande, als Emit-
tentin (die "Emittentin") unter dem Programm be-
geben werden (die "Schuldverschreibungen"), die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die 
"Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
in der oder den maßgeblichen festgelegten Wäh-
rungen sowie aller sonstigen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen fällig werdenden Beträge nach 
Maßgabe der Anleihebedingungen der Schuld-
verschreibungen (die "Bedingungen"), vorausge-
setzt in den Bedingungen wird auf diese Garantie, 
wie unten datiert, Bezug genommen. Zahlungen 
im Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bedingungen. Bei Erfül-
lung von Verpflichtungen der Emittentin oder der 
Garantin zugunsten eines Anleihegläubigers er-
lischt das betreffende garantierte Recht dieses An-
leihegläubigers aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
1.1 
Allianz SE (the "Guarantor") hereby uncondition-
ally and irrevocably guarantees (the "Guarantee") 
to the holders (the "Noteholders") of any unsubor-
dinated Notes (the "Notes") now or at any time 
hereafter issued by Allianz Finance II B.V., Amster-
dam, The Netherlands, as issuer under the Pro-
gramme (the "Issuer") the due payment in the rele-
vant specified currency(ies) of the amounts corre-
sponding to the principal of and interest on, as well 
as any other amounts due on, the Notes in accord-
ance with the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the "Conditions"), provided that reference is made 
in the Conditions to this Guarantee as dated be-
low. Payments under this Guarantee are subject to 
(without limitation) the Conditions. Upon dis-
charge of any obligations of the Issuer or the Guar-
antor subsisting hereunder in favor of any Note-
holder, the relevant guaranteed right of such Note-
holder under the Notes shall cease to exist. 
1.2 
Sinn und Zweck dieser Garantie ist es, sicherzustel-
len, dass die Anleihegläubiger unter allen tatsäch-
lichen und rechtlichen Umständen und unabhän-
gig von Wirksamkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin und unabhängig von 
sonstigen Gründen, aufgrund derer die Emittentin 
ihre Verpflichtungen nicht erfüllt, alle zahlbaren 
Beträge fristgerecht in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Bedingungen erhalten. 
1.2 
The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to en-
sure that the Noteholders under any and all cir-
cumstances, whether factual or legal, and irre-
spective of validity or enforceability of the obliga-
tions of the Issuer, or any other reasons on the basis 
of which the Issuer may fail to fulfil its obligations, 
receive on the respective due date any and all 
sums payable in accordance with the Conditions. 
1.3 
Die Garantin kann etwaige von den Anleihegläu-
bigern innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach Fällig-
keit nicht geforderte Beträge an Kapital und Zin-
sen sowie etwaige sonstige auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen fällige Beträge bei dem Amtsgericht 
in Frankfurt am Main hinterlegen. Soweit die Ga-
1.3 
The Guarantor may deposit with the Lower Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main any principal 
and interest as well as any other amounts due on 
the Notes, if any, not claimed by the Noteholders 
within twelve months after having become due. If 
the Guarantor waives all rights to withdraw such 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH 
RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
rantin auf das Recht zur Rücknahme der hinterleg-
ten Beträge verzichtet, erlöschen die betreffenden 
Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emit-
tentin und die Garantin. 
deposits the respective claims of Noteholders 
against the Issuer and the Guarantor shall cease. 
1.4 
Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin aus dieser Ga-
rantie sind mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Garan-
tin gleichrangig, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
1.4 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guar-
antee rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save 
for any obligations required to be preferred by 
mandatory law. 
1.5 
Negativerklärung der Garantin 
1.5 
Negative Pledge of the Guarantor 
(i) 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich hiermit ge-
genüber den Anleihegläubigern, so-
lange Schuldverschreibungen ausste-
hen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle nach den Bedingungen zahlba-
ren Beträge an das Clearingsystem ge-
zahlt worden sind, für Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend defi-
niert), einschließlich dafür übernomme-
ner Garantien und sonstiger Gewährleis-
tungen, keine Sicherheiten an ihrem in-
ländischen Grundvermögen zu bestel-
len, ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur 
gleichen Zeit oder vorher und mit glei-
chem Rang zu sichern. 
(i) 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes to-
wards the Noteholders, for as long as any 
Notes are outstanding, but only up to the 
time at which all amounts payable under 
the Conditions have been paid to the 
Clearing System, not to provide any secu-
rity on its domestic real property for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below), including any guarantees or 
other indemnities assumed in respect 
thereof, without securing the Notes at the 
same time or prior thereto and with an 
equal ranking therewith. 
(ii) 
Die Verpflichtung nach Ziffer 1.5(i) be-
steht jedoch nicht für solche Sicherheiten, 
(x) die nach anwendbarem Recht vorge-
schrieben sind, oder (y) die im Zusam-
menhang mit staatlichen Genehmigun-
gen verlangt werden. Eine nach Ziffer 
1.5(i) zu leistende Sicherheit kann auch 
für einen Treuhänder der Anleihegläubi-
ger bestellt werden. 
(ii) 
The undertaking pursuant to Clause 
1.5(i) shall not apply to security (x) which 
is mandatory according to applicable 
laws, or (y) which is required as a prereq-
uisite for governmental approvals. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant 
to Clause 1.5(i) may also be provided to 
a person acting as trustee for the Note-
holders. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet alle 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Verbindlichkei-
ten der Garantin oder eines Dritten in der Form von 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ähnlichen Instrumen-
ten mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als 
einem Jahr, die üblicherweise an einer Börse oder 
einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt wer-
den können. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any indebt-
edness, present or future, of the Guarantor or any 
third party in the form of bonds or any similar in-
struments with an original maturity of more than 
one year, which can ordinarily be traded on any 
stock exchange or other securities market. 
1.6 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung der Emittentin durch eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Garantin gemäß § 10 der 
Bedingungen erstreckt sich diese Garantie auf 
sämtliche von der Neuen Emittentin gemäß den 
Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge. Dies gilt auch 
dann, wenn die Allianz Finance II B.V. die Verpflich-
tungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen unmittel-
bar von der Garantin übernommen hat. 
1.6 
In the event of a substitution of the Issuer by a sub-
sidiary of the Guarantor pursuant to § 10 of the 
Conditions, this Guarantee shall extend to any and 
all amounts payable by the New Issuer pursuant to 
the Conditions. The foregoing shall also apply if Al-
lianz Finance II B.V. shall have assumed the obliga-
tions arising under the Notes directly from the 
Guarantor. 
2 
Die Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der je-
weiligen Anleihegläubiger als begünstigte Dritte 
gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch - 
BGB dar, die jedem Anleihegläubiger das Recht 
2 
This Guarantee constitutes a contract in favor of 
the respective Noteholders as third party benefi-
ciaries pursuant to § 328(1) of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch - BGB) giving rise

--- Page 177 ---
177
gibt, Erfüllung der hierin übernommenen Ver-
pflichtungen unmittelbar von der Garantin zu ver-
langen und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar ge-
gen die Garantin durchzusetzen. 
to the right of each such Noteholder to require per-
formance of the obligations assumed hereby di-
rectly from the Guarantor and to enforce such ob-
ligations directly against the Guarantor. 
3 
Ansprüche des Anleihegläubigers nach dieser Ga-
rantie verjähren mit Ablauf von zwei Jahren nach 
dem jeweiligen Zahlungstag für Zinsen bzw. Rück-
zahlungstag gemäß den Bedingungen. 
3 
The period of limitation for any claim by a Note-
holder under this Guarantee shall be two years cal-
culated from the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and the relevant redemption date pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
4 
4 
4.1 
Diese Garantie unterliegt ausschließlich dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
4.1 
This Guarantee shall be governed exclusively by 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
4.2 
Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus in 
dieser Garantie geregelten Rechtsverhältnissen er-
gebenden Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der Garantin ist 
Frankfurt am Main. 
4.2 
Exclusive court of venue for all legal proceedings 
with the Guarantor arising from the legal relations 
established under this Guarantee is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
4.3 
Die Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet wer-
den und in den Bedingungen definiert sind, haben 
die gleiche Bedeutung in dieser Garantie wie in 
den Bedingungen, soweit sie in dieser Garantie 
nicht anderweitig definiert sind. 
4.3 
Terms used in this Guarantee and defined in the 
Conditions shall have the same meaning in this 
Guarantee as in the Conditions unless they are oth-
erwise defined in this Guarantee. 
5 
Die in § 13 der Bedingungen aufgeführten auf die 
Änderung der Bedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinn-
gemäß für Änderungen der Bedingungen dieser 
Garantie Anwendung. 
5 
The provisions of § 13 of the Conditions applicable 
to the amendment of the Conditions of the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to amendments of 
the terms of this Guarantee. 
6 
Die Garantin und die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft vereinbaren, dass die Deutsche Bank Akti-
engesellschaft nicht als Treuhänderin oder in ähn-
licher Eigenschaft für die Anleihegläubiger han-
delt. Die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft ver-
pflichtet sich, das Original dieser Garantie bis zur 
Erfüllung aller Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen und dieser Garantie in Verwahrung 
zu halten. 
6 
The Guarantor and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft agree that Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft is not acting as trustee or in a similar capac-
ity for the Noteholders. Deutsche Bank Aktieng-
esellschaft undertakes to hold the original copy of 
this Guarantee in custody until all obligations un-
der the Notes and the Guarantee have been ful-
filled. 
7 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger kann in jeder Rechtsstrei-
tigkeit gegen die Garantin und in jeder Rechtsstrei-
tigkeit, in dem er und die Garantin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus dieser Garantie auf der Grund-
lage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten Per-
son des Fiscal Agent als Kopie dieser Garantie be-
scheinigte Kopie der Garantie ohne Vorlage des 
Originals im eigenen Namen wahrnehmen und 
durchsetzen. 
7 
On the basis of a copy of this Guarantee certified 
as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of 
the Fiscal Agent, each Noteholder may protect 
and enforce in his own name his rights arising un-
der this Guarantee in any legal proceedings 
against the Guarantor or to which such Noteholder 
and the Guarantor are parties, without the need 
for production of this Guarantee in such proceed-
ings. 
8 
Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. 
Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist bei-
gefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maß-
geblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist unverbindlich. 
8 
This Guarantee is written in the German language 
and provided with an English language transla-
tion. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is pro-
vided for convenience only.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
München, 16. Mai 2024 
Munich, 16 May 2024 
Allianz SE 
 
Wir nehmen die obenstehenden Erklärungen zu-
gunsten der Anleihegläubiger ohne Obligo, Haf-
tung oder Rückgriffsrechte auf uns an. 
We hereby accept all of the above declarations in 
favor of the Noteholders without recourse, warranty 
or liability on us. 
Frankfurt am Main, 23. Mai 2024 
Frankfurt am Main, 23 May 2024 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 179 ---
179
Garantie 
Guarantee 
der Allianz SE, München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zu-
gunsten der Gläubiger der durch die Allianz Finance III B.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande, unter dem Debt Issuance Pro-
gramme der Allianz SE, München, der Allianz Finance II B.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande und der Allianz Finance III B.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande (das "Programm"), begebenen 
nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
of Allianz SE, Munich, Federal Republic of Germany, in favor 
of the holders of unsubordinated Notes issued by Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under the Debt 
Issuance Programme of Allianz SE, Munich, Allianz Finance II 
B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and Allianz Finance III 
B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands (the "Programme") 
1 
1 
1.1 
Die Allianz SE (die "Garantin") übernimmt hiermit 
gegenüber den jeweiligen Inhabern (die "Anleihe-
gläubiger") von nicht nachrangigen Schuldver-
schreibungen, die jetzt oder später von der Allianz 
Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, Niederlande, als Emit-
tentin (die "Emittentin") unter dem Programm be-
geben werden (die "Schuldverschreibungen"), die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die 
"Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
in der oder den maßgeblichen festgelegten Wäh-
rungen sowie aller sonstigen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen fällig werdenden Beträge nach 
Maßgabe der Anleihebedingungen der Schuld-
verschreibungen (die "Bedingungen"), vorausge-
setzt in den Bedingungen wird auf diese Garantie, 
wie unten datiert, Bezug genommen. Zahlungen 
im Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie erfolgen 
ausschließlich gemäß den Bedingungen. Bei Erfül-
lung von Verpflichtungen der Emittentin oder der 
Garantin zugunsten eines Anleihegläubigers er-
lischt das betreffende garantierte Recht dieses An-
leihegläubigers aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
1.1 
Allianz SE (the "Guarantor") hereby uncondition-
ally and irrevocably guarantees (the "Guarantee") 
to the holders (the "Noteholders") of any unsubor-
dinated Notes (the "Notes") now or at any time 
hereafter issued by Allianz Finance III B.V., Amster-
dam, The Netherlands, as issuer under the Pro-
gramme (the "Issuer") the due payment in the rele-
vant specified currency(ies) of the amounts corre-
sponding to the principal of and interest on, as well 
as any other amounts due on, the Notes in accord-
ance with the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the "Conditions"), provided that reference is made 
in the Conditions to this Guarantee as dated be-
low. Payments under this Guarantee are subject to 
(without limitation) the Conditions. Upon dis-
charge of any obligations of the Issuer or the Guar-
antor subsisting hereunder in favor of any Note-
holder, the relevant guaranteed right of such Note-
holder under the Notes shall cease to exist. 
1.2 
Sinn und Zweck dieser Garantie ist es, sicherzustel-
len, dass die Anleihegläubiger unter allen tatsäch-
lichen und rechtlichen Umständen und unabhän-
gig von Wirksamkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin und unabhängig von 
sonstigen Gründen, aufgrund derer die Emittentin 
ihre Verpflichtungen nicht erfüllt, alle zahlbaren 
Beträge fristgerecht in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Bedingungen erhalten. 
1.2 
The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to en-
sure that the Noteholders under any and all cir-
cumstances, whether factual or legal, and irre-
spective of validity or enforceability of the obliga-
tions of the Issuer, or any other reasons on the basis 
of which the Issuer may fail to fulfil its obligations, 
receive on the respective due date any and all 
sums payable in accordance with the Conditions. 
1.3 
Die Garantin kann etwaige von den Anleihegläu-
bigern innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach Fällig-
keit nicht geforderte Beträge an Kapital und Zin-
sen sowie etwaige sonstige auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen fällige Beträge bei dem Amtsgericht 
in Frankfurt am Main hinterlegen. Soweit die Ga-
rantin auf das Recht zur Rücknahme der hinterleg-
ten Beträge verzichtet, erlöschen die betreffenden 
1.3 
The Guarantor may deposit with the Lower Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main any principal 
and interest as well as any other amounts due on 
the Notes, if any, not claimed by the Noteholders 
within twelve months after having become due. If 
the Guarantor waives all rights to withdraw such 
deposits the respective claims of Noteholders 
against the Issuer and the Guarantor shall cease. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH 
RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emit-
tentin und die Garantin. 
1.4 
Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin aus dieser Ga-
rantie sind mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Garan-
tin gleichrangig, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
1.4 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guar-
antee rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save 
for any obligations required to be preferred by 
mandatory law. 
1.5 
Negativerklärung der Garantin 
1.5 
Negative Pledge of the Guarantor 
(i) 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich hiermit ge-
genüber den Anleihegläubigern, so-
lange Schuldverschreibungen ausste-
hen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle nach den Bedingungen zahl-
baren Beträge an das Clearingsystem 
gezahlt worden sind, für Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeiten (wie nachstehend defi-
niert), einschließlich dafür übernomme-
ner Garantien und sonstiger Gewährleis-
tungen, keine Sicherheiten an ihrem in-
ländischen Grundvermögen zu bestel-
len, ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur 
gleichen Zeit oder vorher und mit glei-
chem Rang zu sichern. 
(i) 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes to-
wards the Noteholders, for as long as 
any Notes are outstanding, but only up 
to the time at which all amounts payable 
under the Conditions have been paid to 
the Clearing System, not to provide any 
security on its domestic real property for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness (as de-
fined below), including any guarantees 
or other indemnities assumed in respect 
thereof, without securing the Notes at 
the same time or prior thereto and with 
an equal ranking therewith. 
(ii) 
Die Verpflichtung nach Ziffer 1.5(i) be-
steht jedoch nicht für solche Sicherhei-
ten, (x) die nach anwendbarem Recht 
vorgeschrieben sind, oder (y) die im Zu-
sammenhang mit staatlichen Genehmi-
gungen verlangt werden. Eine nach Zif-
fer 1.5(i) zu leistende Sicherheit kann 
auch für einen Treuhänder der Anleihe-
gläubiger bestellt werden. 
(ii) 
The undertaking pursuant to Clause 
1.5(i) shall not apply to security (x) which 
is mandatory according to applicable 
laws, or (y) which is required as a prereq-
uisite for governmental approvals. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant 
to Clause 1.5(i) may also be provided to 
a person acting as trustee for the Note-
holders. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet alle 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Verbindlichkei-
ten der Garantin oder eines Dritten in der Form von 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ähnlichen Instrumen-
ten mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als 
einem Jahr, die üblicherweise an einer Börse oder 
einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt wer-
den können. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any in-
debtedness, present or future, of the Guarantor or 
any third party in the form of bonds or any similar 
instruments with an original maturity of more than 
one year, which can ordinarily be traded on any 
stock exchange or other securities market. 
1.6 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung der Emittentin durch eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Garantin gemäß § 10 der 
Bedingungen erstreckt sich diese Garantie auf 
sämtliche von der Neuen Emittentin gemäß den 
Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge. Dies gilt auch 
dann, wenn die Allianz Finance III B.V. die Verpflich-
tungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen unmittel-
bar von der Garantin übernommen hat. 
1.6 
In the event of a substitution of the Issuer by a sub-
sidiary of the Guarantor pursuant to § 10 of the 
Conditions, this Guarantee shall extend to any and 
all amounts payable by the New Issuer pursuant to 
the Conditions. The foregoing shall also apply if Al-
lianz Finance III B.V. shall have assumed the obli-
gations arising under the Notes directly from the 
Guarantor. 
2 
Die Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der je-
weiligen Anleihegläubiger als begünstigte Dritte 
gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch - 
BGB dar, die jedem Anleihegläubiger das Recht 
gibt, Erfüllung der hierin übernommenen Ver-
2 
This Guarantee constitutes a contract in favor of 
the respective Noteholders as third party benefi-
ciaries pursuant to § 328(1) of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch - BGB) giving rise 
to the right of each such Noteholder to require per-

--- Page 181 ---
181
pflichtungen unmittelbar von der Garantin zu ver-
langen und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar ge-
gen die Garantin durchzusetzen. 
formance of the obligations assumed hereby di-
rectly from the Guarantor and to enforce such ob-
ligations directly against the Guarantor. 
3 
Ansprüche des Anleihegläubigers nach dieser Ga-
rantie verjähren mit Ablauf von zwei Jahren nach 
dem jeweiligen Zahlungstag für Zinsen bzw. Rück-
zahlungstag gemäß den Bedingungen. 
3 
The period of limitation for any claim by a Note-
holder under this Guarantee shall be two years cal-
culated from the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and the relevant redemption date pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
4 
4 
4.1 
Diese Garantie unterliegt ausschließlich dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
4.1 
This Guarantee shall be governed exclusively by 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
4.2 
Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus in 
dieser Garantie geregelten Rechtsverhältnissen er-
gebenden Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der Garantin ist 
Frankfurt am Main. 
4.2 
Exclusive court of venue for all legal proceedings 
with the Guarantor arising from the legal relations 
established under this Guarantee is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
4.3 
Die Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet wer-
den und in den Bedingungen definiert sind, haben 
die gleiche Bedeutung in dieser Garantie wie in 
den Bedingungen, soweit sie in dieser Garantie 
nicht anderweitig definiert sind. 
4.3 
Terms used in this Guarantee and defined in the 
Conditions shall have the same meaning in this 
Guarantee as in the Conditions unless they are oth-
erwise defined in this Guarantee. 
5 
Die in § 13 der Bedingungen aufgeführten auf die 
Änderung der Bedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinn-
gemäß für Änderungen der Bedingungen dieser 
Garantie Anwendung. 
5 
The provisions of § 13 of the Conditions applicable 
to the amendment of the Conditions of the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to amendments of 
the terms of this Guarantee. 
6 
Die Garantin und die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft vereinbaren, dass die Deutsche Bank Akti-
engesellschaft nicht als Treuhänderin oder in ähn-
licher Eigenschaft für die Anleihegläubiger han-
delt. Die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft ver-
pflichtet sich, das Original dieser Garantie bis zur 
Erfüllung aller Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen und dieser Garantie in Verwahrung 
zu halten. 
6 
The Guarantor and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft agree that Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft is not acting as trustee or in a similar capac-
ity for the Noteholders. Deutsche Bank Aktieng-
esellschaft undertakes to hold the original copy of 
this Guarantee in custody until all obligations un-
der the Notes and the Guarantee have been ful-
filled. 
7 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger kann in jeder Rechtsstrei-
tigkeit gegen die Garantin und in jeder Rechtsstrei-
tigkeit, in dem er und die Garantin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus dieser Garantie auf der Grund-
lage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten Per-
son des Fiscal Agent als Kopie dieser Garantie be-
scheinigte Kopie der Garantie ohne Vorlage des 
Originals im eigenen Namen wahrnehmen und 
durchsetzen. 
7 
On the basis of a copy of this Guarantee certified 
as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of 
the Fiscal Agent, each Noteholder may protect 
and enforce in his own name his rights arising un-
der this Guarantee in any legal proceedings 
against the Guarantor or to which such Noteholder 
and the Guarantor are parties, without the need 
for production of this Guarantee in such proceed-
ings. 
8 
Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. 
Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist bei-
gefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maß-
geblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist unverbindlich. 
8 
This Guarantee is written in the German language 
and provided with an English language transla-
tion. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is pro-
vided for convenience only.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
München, 16. Mai 2024 
Munich, 16 May 2024 
Allianz SE 
 
Wir nehmen die obenstehenden Erklärungen zuguns-
ten der Anleihegläubiger ohne Obligo, Haftung oder 
Rückgriffsrechte auf uns an. 
We hereby accept all of the above declarations in fa-
vor of the Noteholders without recourse, warranty or 
liability on us. 
Frankfurt am Main, 23. Mai 2024 
Frankfurt am Main, 23 May 2024 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 183 ---
183
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issuance of Notes under the Programme will be used for general 
corporate purposes of the Allianz Group. 
USE OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 184 ---
184 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuers’ country of incorporation may have an impact on 
the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. 
TAXATION WARNING

--- Page 185 ---
185
Underwriting 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Programme Agreement relating to the Programme dated 23 May 2024 (the “Programme 
Agreement”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered by the Issuers to the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuers through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuers, or directly without any Dealer. The Programme Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. Each of the Issuers 
and the Guarantor have agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the establishment of the Pro-
gramme and for certain of its activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms if required. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances 
prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer.  
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
GENERAL 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regula-
tion or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer appointed will be required to represent and agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense, and neither any Issuer, the Guarantor, nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefore. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (THE “UNITED STATES”) 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche and the Guarantee (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the relevant Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes 
issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes and the Guarantee during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and the Guarantee within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE

--- Page 186 ---
186 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes and the Guarantee within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not of-
fered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering con-
templated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each 
Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means the commu-
nication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND (“UNITED KINGDOM”) 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not of-
fered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering con-
templated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the pur-
poses of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or

--- Page 187 ---
187
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a pro-
fessional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the 
FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance 
with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
OTHER REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or 
inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes 
in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
THE NETHERLANDS 
Pursuant to the Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the “Savings Certificates Act”) of 21 May 1985, any direct or 
indirect transfer or acceptance of Notes which falls within the definition of savings certificates (spaarbewijzen) in the Savings Certificates Act 
within, from or into the Netherlands is prohibited unless the transfer and acceptance is done through the mediation of either the Issuer or a 
member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the Savings Certificates Act and its implementing regulations 
(which include registration requirements). The aforesaid prohibition does not apply to (i) a transfer and acceptance by natural persons not acting 
in the course of their business of profession, (ii) the issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if 
they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately 
thereafter. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Without prejudice to the section “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of 
this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended from time to time (the “Italian 
Financial Act”), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time, the Italian Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 as amended from time to time (the “Italian Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws or regulation;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which may be imposed from 
time to time, inter alia, by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other competent authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in 
compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, 
the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized 
under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Ex-
change Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
HONG KONG 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the relevant Issuer, each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than (a) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; 
or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and  
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, 
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
SINGAPORE 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Pro-
spectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
SWITZERLAND 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not 
be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or 
will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or pursuant to the 
Swiss Code of Obligations (as in effect immediately prior to the entry into force of the FinSA) or pursuant to the listing rules of SIX Exchange 
Regulation or any other trading venue in Switzerland, and neither this Base Prospectus any amendments, supplements, Final Terms hereto nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 189 ---
189
CANADA 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that no prospectus 
has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, the 
Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and no securities 
commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this Base Prospectus or the merits of the Notes 
and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to 
or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable securities laws and, without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing:  
(a) 
any offer or sale of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are “accredited investors” (as such term is defined 
in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions (“NI 45-106”) or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in section 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)), that are also “permitted clients” (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), that are purchasing as principal, or are deemed to 
be purchasing as principal in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person created or used solely to 
purchase or hold the Notes as an “accredited investor” as described in paragraph (m) of the definition of “accredited investor” in section 
1.1 of NI 45-106; 
(b) 
it is either (I) appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in each relevant province or territory to sell and deliver 
the Notes, (II) such sale and delivery will be made through an affiliate of it that is so registered if the affiliate is registered in a category 
that permits such sale and has agreed to make such sale and delivery in compliance with the representations, warranties and agree-
ments set out herein, or (III) it is relying on an exemption from the dealer registration requirements under applicable Canadian securities 
laws and has complied with the requirements of that exemption; and  
(c) 
it has not and will not distribute or deliver any “offering memorandum” (as defined in relevant Canadian securities laws) in connection 
with any offering of the Notes in Canada or to a resident of Canada except in compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Each Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, that if at any time during the duration 
of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the relevant Issuer and the Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of Notes. 
If at any time the Issuers shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers 
will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in the Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which would make the Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
AUTHORIZATION 
The update of the Programme was authorized by (aa) a resolution of the Board of Management of Allianz Finance II B.V. passed on 2 May 2022 
and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance II B.V. passed on 2 May 2022, (bb) a resolution of the Board of Management of 
Allianz Finance III B.V. passed on 2 May 2022 and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance III B.V. passed on 2 May 2022 and 
(cc) a resolution of the Board of Management of Allianz SE passed on 10 May 2022. The Guarantees relating to the Programme by the Guarantor 
were authorized by a resolution of the Board of Management of Allianz SE passed on 10 May 2022. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of the relevant Issuer regarding the issuance of a series of Notes are set out in 
each set of Final Terms. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium (“Euro-
clear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (“Clearstream, Frankfurt”). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations may be (i) deposited with either Clear-
stream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international bearer debt securities and will be kept in 
safe custody with a common safekeeper (“CSK”) to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the International Central Securities Depositories 
(the “ICSDs”). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Allianz SE is 529900K9B0N5BT694847, of Allianz Finance II B.V. is 529900C9NVPTCPDI1D65 and of Allianz 
Finance III B.V. is 5299000TG8YATYNK8P87. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The relevant Issuer may consent, to the extent and under the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Base 
Prospectus for a certain period of time or as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by any 
financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus, if any.  
Such consent may be given to one or more (individual consent) specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in the 
Final Terms. Specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries may use the prospectus for subsequent resale or final placement 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and into any other country, into which the Base Prospectus will be passported in accordance with the respec-
tive legal requirements and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
GENERAL INFORMATION

--- Page 191 ---
191
Such consent by the relevant Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the Terms and Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, 
if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this 
Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers 
reserve the right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. A 
withdrawal, if any, may require a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together 
with all supplements published before such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (“www.luxse.com”). 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it complies with all applica-
ble laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions.  
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the further financial intermedi-
ary, shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any new information with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of 
the Final Terms will be published on the internet page www.allianz.com/en/investor_relations. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For so long as any Notes may be issued under this Programme or any Notes issued under this Programme are outstanding, electronic versions of 
the following documents are available on the following websites: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus (available at “https://www.luxse.com”); 
(ii) 
the statutes of Allianz SE (accessed by using the hyperlink: “https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/105eaa2871b841425586f605c1436d8aea”); 
(iii) 
the articles of association of Allianz Finance II B.V.  
(accessed by using the hyperlink: “https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10301c27fa47e04313bb5894681554d8c9”); 
(iv) 
the articles of association of Allianz Finance III B.V.  
(accessed by using the hyperlink: “https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/104c2565483b7a4e34bbad8d5b8c900e66”); 
(v) 
the Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. is reproduced verbatim in the section “Description of the Guarantee with Respect 
to Allianz Finance II B.V.” above; 
(vi) 
the Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. is reproduced verbatim in the section “Description of the Guarantee with Respect 
to Allianz Finance III B.V.” above; and 
(vii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (“www.luxse.com”). The information on any website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant to § 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer’s website. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) each Issuer confirms that any such information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as each Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, 
no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuers 
nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither the Issuers nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of such 
documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(i) 
Extracted from: Allianz Group – Annual Report 2023 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
page 150 
Consolidated Income Statement  
 
 
page 151 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
page 152 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
page 153 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
page 154 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
pages 155 - 257 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
pages 260 - 266 
(ii) 
Extracted from: Allianz Group – Annual Report 2022 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
page 124 
Consolidated Income Statement  
 
 
page 125 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
page 126 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
page 127 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
pages 128 - 130 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
pages 131 - 203 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
pages 207 - 213 
(iii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE – Annual Report 2023 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
pages 102 - 104 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
page 105 - 106 
Notes to the Financial Statements  
 
 
pages 107 - 134 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
pages 137 - 141 
(iv) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE – Annual Report 2022 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
pages 70 - 71 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
 
page 72 
Notes to the Financial Statements  
 
 
pages 73 - 100 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
pages 103 - 108 
(v) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2023 
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
page 10 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
page 11 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
 
 
page 12 
Statement of cash flows  
 
 
 
page 13 
Notes to the financial statements  
 
 
pages 14 - 35 
Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
 
pages 36 - 45 
(vi) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2022 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 193 ---
193
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
page 9 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
page 10 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
 
 
page 11 
Statement of cash flows  
 
 
 
page 12 
Notes to the financial statements  
 
 
pages 13 - 35 
Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
 
pages 36 – 47 
(vii) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2023 
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
page 10 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
page 11 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
 
 
page 12 
Statement of cash flows  
 
 
 
page 13 
Notes to the financial statements  
 
 
pages 14 - 29 
Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
 
pages 30 - 35 
(viii) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2022 
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
page 8 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
page 9 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
 
 
page 10 
Statement of cash flows  
 
 
 
page 11 
Notes to the financial statements  
 
 
pages 12 - 24 
Auditor’s Report 
 
 
 
 
pages 25 – 30 
(ix) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2023 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 28 - 107 
Alternative Performance Measures - Definitions 
 
pages 149 - 154 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
 
pages 169 - 172 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
 
pages 173 - 176 
(x) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2022 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 27 - 107 
Alternative Performance Measures - Definitions 
 
pages 150 - 154 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
 
pages 167 - 170 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
 
pages 171 - 174 
(xi) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2021 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 26 - 107 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
 
pages 160 - 162 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
 
pages 163 - 165 
(xii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2020 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 22 - 108 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
 
pages 159 - 161 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
 
pages 162 - 164 
(xiii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2019

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 45 - 121 
(xiv) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2018 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 42 - 108 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
 
pages 109 - 111 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
 
pages 112 - 114 
(xv) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2017 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 40 - 106 
(xvi) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2016 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 38 - 104 
(xvii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2015 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 37 - 98 
First Supplement dated 24 August 2015  
to the Base Prospectus 2015 
 
 
 
pages 1 - 20 
Second Supplement dated 19 November 2015  
to the Base Prospectus 2015 
 
 
 
pages 1 - 24 
(xviii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2014 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 37 - 93 
(xix) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2013 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 40 - 96 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
 
pages 97 - 99 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
 
pages 100 - 102 
(xx) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2012 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
pages 47 - 112 
Senior Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
pages 113 - 116 
Senior Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
pages 117 - 120 
First Supplement dated 9 August 2012  
to the Base Prospectus 2012 
 
 
 
pages 1 - 30 
Third Supplement dated 4 March 2013  
to the Base Prospectus 2012 
 
 
 
pages 1 - 38 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered office of the 
Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (“www.luxse.com”). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(“https://www.luxse.com”) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Allianz Group – Annual Report 2023: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1022d9eff9ef2045659bc8de812b7f4756 
2. 
Allianz Group – Annual Report 2022: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10341fefcd114e49c8a51b8a0fced0726d 
3. 
Allianz SE – Annual Report 2023: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d57352c974394cc2a2b1092f3dc880e0 
4. 
Allianz SE – Annual Report 2022: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/103da814fa34094e579abb95ef5c04219f

--- Page 195 ---
195
5. 
Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2023: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10537019cc90d94b6daca1d0649a2ae083 
6. 
Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2022: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/105e236ad6b9ae430d97b344ebd335779c 
7. 
Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2023: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10078f385fad79428d8c539e4eb255d59d 
8. 
Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2022: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/103a573e2cfeeb4bb89f097538c4abe2f7 
9. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2023: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10994c2d86d67b423191d550e1c4c7a5fd 
10. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2022: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d6710a4ef0dd43bf938d046af971c22a 
11. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2021: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/107386977c29274bca8a3ab31489b62899 
12. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2020: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10f7f5fd4bb2704b44815b3601fb4888ae 
13. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2019: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10add171d833464738a4c859efaf9667eb 
14. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2018: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/102fd44421122646cbba42690ea7f11867 
15. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2017: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10a4b1aaafa9fd40f58859c8d1ebbcbc81 
16. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2016: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/106bdd96d7c75f4017affb942adf9d1c0f 
17. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2015: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/108e2c6169b62242b9b281060380a7916f 
a. 
First Supplement dated 24 August 2015 to the Base Prospectus 2015: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1048cc83ec4132419d87c57bf9cb3f6bdb 
b. 
Second Supplement dated 19 November 2015 to the Base Prospectus 2015: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1008000d63f7b84bf9a2844fba94ac8615 
18. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2014: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1086c084cd2cd84c1eb9afc4af721c59a2 
19. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2013: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/104ad392230e314380bbb977dae2dc2f23 
20. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2012: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/104b6da477c9174510ab8a0bace1504c24 
a. 
First Supplement dated 9 August 2012 to the Base Prospectus 2012: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/105b680a1085d74390907cb4a8899246e1 
b. 
Third Supplement dated 4 March 2013 to the Base Prospectus 2012:

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10f6b5401e375e4f5bb8dd298b71bc0ba6

--- Page 197 ---
197
ISSUERS 
Allianz Finance II B.V. 
Keizersgracht 484 
1017 EH Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Allianz Finance III B.V. 
Keizersgracht 484 
1017 EH Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Allianz SE 
Königinstrasse 28 
80802 Munich 
Germany 
 
GUARANTOR 
Allianz SE 
Königinstrasse 28 
80802 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To Allianz Finance II B.V. and to Allianz Finance III B.V. 
To Allianz SE 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Boschdijktunnel 10 
5611 AG Eindhoven 
The Netherlands 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 8 
80636 Munich 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To Allianz Finance II B.V. and  
to Allianz Finance III B.V. as to Dutch law 
To the Arranger as to German law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES