--- Page 1 ---
1
Base Prospectus dated 14 April 2021  
This document constitutes three base prospectuses for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (i) the base prospectus of Allianz SE, Munich, Germany, in respect of non-equity 
securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation ("Non-Equity Securities"), (ii) the base prospectus of Allianz Finance II B.V., 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, in respect of Non-Equity Securities and (iii) the base prospectus of Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, in respect of Non-Equity Securities. 
ALLIANZ SE 
(incorporated in Munich, Germany, as a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE)) 
as Issuer 
and, in respect of Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. or Allianz Finance III B.V., as Guarantor 
ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. 
(incorporated in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with limited liability) 
as Issuer 
ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. 
(incorporated in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with limited liability) 
as Issuer 
 
EUR 30,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II 
B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. (each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together the "Notes"). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Allianz SE (the "Guarantor"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Debt Issuance Programme 
described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies).  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the Notes 
and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below, see "General description 
of the Programme") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final Terms") within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial soundness 
of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuers or the Guarantor (if any) in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) dated 16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Each Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in host member states within the European Economic Area with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse 
de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents incorporated 
by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("www.bourse.lu"). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months 
after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 14 April 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that 
they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in the Notes 
involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank

--- Page 3 ---
3
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Allianz SE ("Allianz" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Allianz Group" or, in connection with Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. 
and Allianz Finance III B.V., the "Guarantor") with its registered office in Munich, Germany, Allianz Finance II B.V. with its registered office in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and Allianz Finance III B.V. with its registered office in Amsterdam, The Netherlands (each an "Issuer" and together 
the "Issuers") accept responsibility for the information contained in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the 
information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
Each Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible is in 
accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full information on the Issuers and any Tranche of Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by the Issuers, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the Programme").  
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuers, is responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by 
reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility 
for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuers, the Arranger and the relevant Dealer(s) to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in bearer form and are 
subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any 
U.S. person. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and 
Sale – Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") is English. The 
binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final Terms. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or 
approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive

--- Page 4 ---
4 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Where 
such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
(THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to EURIBOR (Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to

--- Page 5 ---
5
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended ("Benchmark 
Regulation"). 
STABILIZATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilizing manager(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilizing manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant stabilizing manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilizing manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not relate to historical 
facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These 
forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", 
"may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to 
statements in this Base Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding Allianz Group's business 
and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuers make to the best of their 
present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, 
including Allianz Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or 
implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Allianz Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, 
investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of Allianz SE and Allianz 
Group". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Allianz Group's business and the markets in 
which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuers 
nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking 
statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are not recognized financial 
measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") ("Alternative Performance Measures") 
and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors' understanding of the 
Issuers' financial information by providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the Issuers' 
financial leverage and operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not believe to be indicative of on-going business performance 
are excluded from these calculations so that investors can better evaluate and analyze historical and future business trends on a consistent basis. 
Definitions of these Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and are not a 
substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. For more information, see the section "Alternative Performance Measures" below.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................................................................................7  
RISK FACTORS..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................9  
ISSUE PROCEDURES ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 24  
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................................. 26  
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 108  
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ SE AND ALLIANZ GROUP ....................................................................................................................................................... 128  
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V............................................................................................................................................................................ 154  
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. ......................................................................................................................................................................... 157  
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. ............................................................................................... 160  
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. ............................................................................................. 163  
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 166  
TAXATION WARNING ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 167  
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................................................................................................ 168  
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 173  
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.................................................................................................................................................................. 175  
NAMES AND ADDRESSES .............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 180

--- Page 7 ---
7
GENERAL 
Under the Programme, Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V., subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more Dealers. Each of the Issuers and Guarantor (as applicable) may from 
time to time appoint any institution as a Dealer in relation to a single Tranche. References in this Base Prospectus to "Dealer(s)" means, in relation 
to any Tranche, each person who is appointed as a Dealer under the Programme Agreement. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg listing agent (the "Luxembourg Listing Agent"). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 30,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Limit"). The Issuers may increase the Programme Limit in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
PROSPECTUS 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or (2) pursuant to a 
Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted to trading on a regulated market of, 
any member state of the European Economic Area, in such form as agreed between the relevant Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for 
the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
"Specific Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by an Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme and having terms not 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain parts of the Base Prospectus and 
which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, including any documents which are from time to time 
incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as such Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
ISSUES OF NOTES 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate notes (the "Fixed Rate Notes"), non-interest bearing notes (the "non-
interest bearing Notes") or euro-denominated floating rate notes (the "Floating Rate Notes"). 
The Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. will have the benefit of a guarantee, dated 14 April 2021, given by the 
Guarantor (the "Guarantee"). The Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor ranking pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. The Guarantee will be governed by German law. 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium to their principal 
amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield 
which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders 
will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an 
amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives applicable to the relevant Issuer or 
the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and maturities of the Notes 
which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME

--- Page 8 ---
8 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented, on issue, either  
(i)  
initially by a temporary global note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global Note on or after 
the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date (the "Exchange Date"), upon certifi-
cation as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, or  
(ii)  
by a permanent global note.  
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
DISTRIBUTION OF NOTES 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method 
of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The Issuers may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in host member states within the European Economic Area with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Notes may be offered to 
the public in Luxembourg and, following notification, in any such other additional host member state. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United States, the European 
Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and deter-
mining appropriate distribution channels.  
LISTING OF NOTES 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes 
may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regu-
lation, or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9
Allianz SE and the Allianz Group are exposed to a variety of risks through its core insurance and asset management activities, including market, 
credit, underwriting, business, operational, strategic, liquidity, and reputational risks. The following is a description of the material risk factors in 
relation to Allianz SE as Issuer and the Allianz Group in relation to the Notes. The realization of any of the risks described below may affect the 
ability of Allianz SE to fulfill its obligations as Issuer or (as the case may be) as Guarantor and/or may adversely affect the market price of Notes 
and can lead to losses for the holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders"). As a result, investors are exposed to the risk of losing their investment in 
whole or in part. Additional risks not included in the risk factors below, e.g., because they are now immaterial or not currently known to Allianz SE 
or Allianz Group, may result in material risks in the future. This is in particular true for risks related to the crisis resulting from the outbreak of SARS-
CoV-2 and its associated disease ("Covid-19") which, although to some extent explicitly mentioned as a risk factor or implicitly reflected in the 
weighting (high / medium / low) of the relevant other risk factors discussed in the following sections, are considered based on currently available 
information and are subject to a constantly changing and very volatile environment. Investors should be aware that the Allianz SE as the ultimate 
parent of the Allianz Group may face the same risks as the Allianz Group. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risk factors relating to Allianz SE / Allianz Group 
I. MARKET RISKS  
The market risks of the Allianz Group include credit spread risk, equity risk, interest rate risk, real estate risk, currency risk and inflation risk. In our 
assessment, the credit spread and the equity risk are the most material risks for the Allianz Group in the category of market risks. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO CREDIT SPREAD RISK. 
The Allianz Group holds a significant portfolio of fixed-income assets such as bonds. The value of this portfolio changes in case of moving credit 
spreads. It may lose value if credit spreads widen. This may happen in case the perception of risk in the market changes, i.e., investors demand 
higher compensation for taking on risks, which can happen for several reasons, for example, following a political crisis, an economic recession or 
changed monetary policy. 
We consider this risk to be high. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO EQUITY RISK. 
The Allianz Group holds a significant equity portfolio. This portfolio is subject to volatility in equity markets affecting the market value and liquidity 
of these holdings. Investments are reviewed regularly for impairment, with write-downs to fair value charged to income if there is objective evi-
dence that the cost may not be recovered. The Allianz Group holds interests in a number of financial institutions as part of its portfolios, which are 
particularly exposed to uncertain market conditions affecting the financial services sector generally. 
In prior years the Allianz Group has incurred significant impairments on the value of the securities and other financial assets that it holds and 
there is the risk that the Allianz Group will also recognize significant impairments in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the Allianz 
Group's earnings and on the Allianz Group's business and its financial condition. 
We consider this risk to be high. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO INTEREST RATE RISK. 
Changes in prevailing interest rates (including changes in the difference between the levels of prevailing short- and long-term rates, or enduring 
negative rates) may adversely affect the Allianz Group's insurance, asset management, corporate and other results. 
An increase in interest rates could substantially decrease the value of the Allianz Group's fixed-income portfolio, and any unexpected change in 
interest rates could materially adversely affect the Allianz Group's bond and interest rate derivative positions. 
Assets and liabilities from an Allianz Group perspective are not necessarily matched in terms of interest rate sensitivities and therefore any signif-
icant change in interest rates could materially adversely affect the Allianz Group's bond and interest rate derivative positions and the fair value 
of liabilities. A change in prevailing interest rates may accordingly have a negative impact on the capitalization of the Allianz Group. 
Results of the Allianz Group's asset management business may also be affected by movements in interest rates, as management fees are gener-
ally based on the value of assets under management, which fluctuate with changes in the level of interest rates. 
RISK FACTORS

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Changes in interest rates will impact the Allianz Group's Life/Health business to the extent they result in changes to current interest income, impact 
the value of the Allianz Group's fixed-income portfolio and the fair value of the liabilities and affect the levels of new product sales or surrenders 
of business in force. Reductions in the effective investment income below the rates prevailing at the issue date of the policy, or below the long-
term guarantees in countries such as Germany and Switzerland, would reduce the profit margins or lead to losses on the Life/Health insurance 
business written by the Allianz Group's Life/Health subsidiaries to the extent the maturity composition of the assets does not match the maturity 
composition of the insurance obligations they are backing. In particular, if low interest rates persist, the effective investment income will decrease 
over time due to reducing reinvestment yields. Similarly, reductions in the effective investment income of the fixed income trust assets backing the 
Allianz Group's pension reserves may lead to deficits of the internal pension plans, and these deficits would have to be covered by the Allianz 
Group. Interest rate volatility risk could substantially impact the economic capitalization in a low interest rate environment, as long term guaran-
tees in Life/Health business increase in value. 
The interest rate risks described above may have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In particular, a decrease in the Allianz Group's profitability as a result of sustained low or negative interest rates may adversely affect our Solvency 
II capitalization and solvency capital ratio. 
We consider this risk to be medium to high. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO REAL ESTATE AND OTHER ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT RISK. 
The Allianz Group holds a significant alternative investments portfolio. Alternative investments include real estate, private equity, renewable en-
ergy and infrastructure investments. These investments are subject to volatility in real estate, equity and alternative investment markets affecting 
the market value and liquidity of these holdings and are generally covered by either the real estate or the equity risk capital modelling depending 
on their characteristics. Investments are reviewed regularly for impairment, with write-downs to fair value charged to income if there is objective 
evidence that the cost may not be recovered.  
In prior years the Allianz Group has incurred significant impairments on the value of the securities and other financial assets that it holds and 
there is the risk that the Allianz Group will also recognize significant impairments in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the Allianz 
Group's earnings, the Allianz Group's business and its financial condition. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO CURRENCY RISK. 
The Allianz Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in Euro. However, a significant portion of the revenues and expenses from the 
Allianz Group companies outside the Euro zone, originates in currencies other than the Euro. As a result, although the Allianz Group's non-Euro 
zone subsidiaries generally record their revenues and expenses in the same currency, changes in the exchange rates used to translate foreign 
currencies into Euro may adversely affect the Allianz Group's results of operations and the net asset value of subsidiaries from an Allianz Group 
perspective. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO INFLATION RISK. 
Allianz Group is exposed to changing inflation rates, predominantly due to the Non-Life insurance obligations but also due to inflation-indexed 
internal pension obligations. Unexpected inflation increases both future claims and expenses, leading to greater liabilities and payments to pol-
icyholders. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
II. CREDIT RISKS 
The Allianz Group companies are subject to a potential economic loss in the value of their portfolio that would result from either changes in the 
credit quality of counterparties ("migration risk") or the inability or unwillingness of a counterparty to fulfill contractual obligations ("default risk"). 
Allianz Group's credit risk profile is derived from three sources:  
− Investment portfolio: Credit risk results from Allianz Group's investments in fixed-income bonds, loans, derivatives, cash positions, and receiv-
ables whose value may decrease depending on the credit quality of the obligor. As a result, defaults by one or more of these parties on their 
obligations to the Allianz Group companies due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational 
failure or other reasons, or even rumors about potential defaults by one or more of these parties or regarding the financial services industry 
generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Allianz Group companies or by other institutions. In addition, with respect to secured trans-
actions, the Allianz Group companies' credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by them cannot be realized or is liquidated at 
prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. The Allianz Group companies also have exposure to a 
number of financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions and equity investments. Losses on or im-
pairments to the carrying value of these assets may materially and adversely affect the Allianz Group's business or results of operations. In

--- Page 11 ---
11
our assessment, the credit risk related to the investment portfolio of the Allianz Group is the most material risk in the category of credit risk. 
We consider this risk to be medium. 
− 
Credit insurance: Credit risk arises from potential claim payments on limits granted by Euler Hermes to its policyholders. Euler Hermes insures 
its policyholders from credit risk associated with short-term trade credits advanced to clients of the policyholder. If the client of the policy-
holder is unable to meet its payment obligations, Euler Hermes indemnifies the loss to the policyholder. We consider this risk to be low. 
− 
Reinsurance: The Allianz Group transfers exposure to certain risks in the Property-Casualty and Life/Health insurance businesses to others 
through reinsurance arrangements. Under these arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of the Allianz Group's losses and expenses 
associated with reported and unreported losses in exchange for a portion of policy premiums. Credit risk arises from potential losses from 
non-recoverability of reinsurance receivables or due to default on benefits under in-force reinsurance treaties. We consider this risk to be low. 
If any of the above-mentioned risks materialize, this may materially and adversely affect the Allianz Group's business or results of operations. In 
prior years the Allianz Group has incurred significant impairments on the value of the securities and other financial assets that it holds and there 
is the risk that the Allianz Group will recognize significant impairments in the future again, which may have an adverse effect on the Allianz 
Group's earnings and on the Allianz Group's business and its financial condition. 
III. UNDERWRITING RISK OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP  
Underwriting risk consists of premium and reserve risks in the Property-Casualty business segment as well as biometric risks in the Life/Health 
business segment. 
UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED TO PROPERTY-CASUALTY BUSINESS 
Our Property-Casualty insurance businesses are exposed to premium risk-related adverse developments in the current year's new and renewed 
business as well as to reserve risks related to the business in force. Premium risk represents the risk that actual claims for the business in the current 
year develop adversely relative to the expected ratio of claims costs relative to premiums earned. Reserve risk represents the risk of adverse 
developments in best-estimate reserves over a one-year time horizon, resulting from fluctuations in the timing and/or amount of claims settle-
ment. 
Reserve risk in the property-casualty business 
Loss reserves for the Allianz Group's Property-Casualty insurance and reinsurance policies are based on estimates as to claims liabilities. Adverse 
developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely impact the Allianz Group's results of operations.  
In accordance with industry practice, accounting and regulatory requirements, the Allianz Group establishes reserves for losses and loss adjust-
ment expenses related to its Property-Casualty insurance and reinsurance businesses, including Property-Casualty business in run-off. 
Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that will be made in respect of claims, including expenses relating to such claims. Such 
estimates are made both on a case-by-case basis as well as in respect of losses that have been incurred but not reported ("IBNR") to the Allianz 
Group. These reserves represent the estimated ultimate cost necessary to bring all pending reported and IBNR claims to final settlement. 
Reserves are subject to change due to a number of variables that affect the ultimate cost of claims, such as exchange rates, changes in the legal 
environment and results of litigation as well as effects closely related to (super-imposed) inflation that may adversely affect costs of repairs and 
medical costs. The Allianz Group's reserves for asbestos and environmental and other latent claims are particularly subject to such variables. 
Established loss reserves estimates are periodically adjusted in the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to 
management, and any adjustments resulting from changes in reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. 
To the extent that the Allianz Group's actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying assumptions used in setting the prices for 
products and establishing reserves, the Allianz Group may be required to increase its reserves, which may materially adversely affect its results of 
operations. 
On a quarterly basis, Allianz Group monitors reserve levels, movements and trends. This monitoring is conducted on the basis of quarterly data 
submitted by the subsidiaries as well as through frequent dialogue with local actuaries. However, ultimate losses may materially exceed the 
established reserves and have a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group's results of operations. 
Premium risk in the Property-Casualty business 
Allianz Group is exposed to various sources of premium risk such as natural catastrophes, terror events and non-catastrophic events including 
man-made losses. 
Allianz Group's Property-Casualty insurance covers to a large extent losses from major unpredictable events like natural catastrophes (e.g., hur-
ricanes, earthquakes, floods) and man-made events (e.g., fires, industrial explosions) but also acts of terror. The likelihood of such events can 
change due to natural climate cycles, changes in the portfolios, but also through a changing market or geopolitical environment. Consequently, 
geopolitical tensions may increase the risk of terror losses significantly in some regions. Also increasing urbanization and increasing concentration

--- Page 12 ---
12 
of industrial facilities in natural catastrophe prone regions has increased losses over the past years, a trend that is expected to continue and even 
to accelerate in the long-term driven by developing climate changes. In addition, increasing digitalization introduces new risks in regard to Cy-
bercrime, i.e. manipulation of software or loss of sensitive data. However, the incidence and severity of all these catastrophes in any given period 
are inherently unpredictable. All risk models are subject to uncertainty arising from both scientific and management assumptions as well as 
underlying data. 
The Allianz Group monitors its overall exposure to catastrophes and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and each of the Allianz 
Group's subsidiaries within the Allianz Group's limit framework. In addition, local entities have implemented their own underwriting limits related 
to insurance coverage for losses from catastrophic events. However, a series of unlikely catastrophes in a year may result in unusually high levels 
of losses with a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group's financial position or results of operations. 
Furthermore, the occurrence of extreme large scale natural catastrophes, pandemics and man-made disasters (e.g., terror events) can have a 
negative impact on local or even global economy in general, and capital markets in particular, and thus also on the Allianz Group's financial 
position and results of operations. 
We consider the underwriting risk related to Property-Casualty business to be medium. 
UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED TO LIFE-HEALTH BUSINESS 
Underwriting risks in our Life/Health operations (biometric risks) include mortality, disability, morbidity, and longevity risks. Mortality, disability, 
and morbidity risks are associated with the unexpected increase in the occurrence of death, disability, or medical claims. Longevity risk is the risk 
that the reserves covering life annuities and group pension products might not be sufficient due to longer life expectancies of the insured. 
Life/Health underwriting risk arises from profitability being lower than expected. As profitability calculations are based on several parameters – 
such as historical loss information and assumptions on inflation, mortality, or morbidity – realized parameters may differ from the ones used for 
underwriting. For example, higher-than-expected inflation may lead to higher medical claims in the future. 
The assumptions the Allianz Group makes in assessing its Life/Health insurance reserves may differ from what the Allianz Group may experience 
in the future. The Allianz Group derives its Life/Health insurance reserves using "best estimate" actuarial practices and assumptions. These as-
sumptions include the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the allocation of investments between 
equity, fixed-income and other categories, policyholder bonus rates (some of which are guaranteed), mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder 
lapses and future expense levels. The Allianz Group monitors its actual experience of these assumptions, and to the extent that it considers that 
this experience will continue in the longer term it refines its long-term assumptions. Similarly, estimates of the Allianz Group's own pension obli-
gations necessarily depend on assumptions concerning future actuarial, demographic, macroeconomic and financial markets developments. 
Changes in any such assumptions may lead to changes in the estimates of Life/Health insurance reserves or pension obligations. 
The Allianz Group companies have a significant portfolio of contracts with guaranteed investment returns, including endowment and annuity 
products for the German market as well as certain guaranteed contracts in other markets. The amounts payable by the Allianz Group companies 
at maturity of an endowment policy in Germany and in certain other markets include a "guaranteed benefit", an amount that, in practice, is equal 
to a legally mandated minimum rate of return on actuarial reserves. If interest rates further decline or remain at historically low levels for a long 
period, the Allianz Group could be required to provide additional funds to the Allianz Group's Life/Health subsidiaries to support their obligations 
in respect of products with higher guaranteed returns or their pension obligations, or increase reserves in respect of such products, which could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group's results of operations. 
In the United States, in particular in the variable and fixed-indexed annuity products, and to a lesser extent in Europe and Asia, the Allianz Group 
has a portfolio of contracts where policyholder crediting is contractually tied to equity market performance. The hedging arrangements (if any) 
may not cover the returns due to policyholders, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Allianz Group's results of operations. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
IV. BUSINESS RISKS 
Business risks include cost risks and policyholder behavior risks, and are mostly driven by the Life/Health business and to a lesser extent by the 
Property-Casualty business. Cost risks are associated with the risk that expenses incurred in administering policies are higher than expected or 
that new business volume decreases to a level that does not allow Allianz to absorb its fixed costs. Policyholder behavior risks are risks related to 
the unpredictable, adverse behavior of policyholders in exercising their contractual options, including for example the early termination of con-
tracts, surrenders, partial withdrawals, renewals, and annuity take-up options.  
ALLIANZ GROUP IS EXPOSED TO BUSINESS RISKS WHICH INCLUDE COST RISKS AND POLICYHOLDER 
BEHAVIOR RISKS. 
Allianz Group is exposed to business risks attributable primarily to the Life/Health business segment. Business risk is measured relative to baseline 
plans. Assumptions on policyholder behavior are set in line with accepted actuarial methods and are based on own historical and industry-wide 
data or expert judgment. A risk for Allianz may arise when underlying business risk assumptions deviate from their development in reality.

--- Page 13 ---
13
We consider this risk to be low. 
GERMAN LIFE INSURANCE UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP MAY HAVE INCREASED OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE GERMAN POLICY HOLDER PROTECTION SCHEME FOR LIFE INSURERS (PROTEKTOR). 
German life insurance undertakings of the Allianz Group are members of the German policy holder protection scheme for life insurers 
("Protektor"). In case of an adverse development of the situation of German life insurance companies outside Allianz Group, German life insur-
ance undertakings of the Allianz Group may be required, in line with German regulation and the contract between these undertakings and 
Protektor, to make substantial contributions to Protektor that are considerably higher than at the current moment. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
IF THE ALLIANZ GROUP'S ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS UNDERPERFORMS, IT MAY EXPERIENCE A DECLINE 
IN ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT, RELATED FEE INCOME AND A REDUCTION OF PERFORMANCE FEES. 
While the assets under management in the Allianz Group's Asset Management segment include a significant amount of funds related to the 
Allianz Group's insurance operations, third-party assets under management ("AUM") represent the majority. 
Results of the Allianz Group's asset management activities are driven by variations in management and performance fees. Background for such 
variations may be AUM-movements which are induced by valuation changes resulting from market movements. In addition, AUM may fluctuate 
due to net flows which can be attributed to the relative performance of Allianz Group's investment activities compared to competitors and bench-
marks. Moreover, the result of Allianz Group's asset management business can potentially be impacted by adverse credit or operational loss 
events, if any. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
V. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK 
CHANGES IN EXISTING, OR NEW, LAWS AND REGULATIONS, OR ENFORCEMENT INITIATIVES IN RESPECT 
THEREOF, IN THE COUNTRIES IN WHICH THE ALLIANZ GROUP COMPANIES OPERATE MAY MATERIALLY 
IMPACT THE ALLIANZ GROUP AND COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ALLIANZ GROUP'S BUSINESS. 
The Allianz Group's insurance, asset management and banking businesses as well as the financial steering activities of Allianz SE are subject to 
detailed, comprehensive laws and regulations as well as supervision in all the countries in which the Allianz Group companies do business. 
Regulatory authorities have broad administrative power over many aspects of the financial services business, which include liquidity, capital 
adequacy and permitted investments, governance, conduct rules, money laundering, "know your customer" rules, prohibited transactions with 
countries and individuals that are subject to sanctions or otherwise blacklisted, privacy and data protection, record keeping, and marketing and 
distribution practices. Failure to comply with any laws and regulations could lead to disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or revocation 
of a license, permission or authorization necessary for the conduct of our business or civil or criminal liability, all or any of which could have a 
materially adverse effect on our business, revenues, results and financial condition. 
In addition, insurance, banking and other financial services laws, regulations and policies currently governing Allianz SE and its subsidiaries may 
change at any time in ways which have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group's business.  
Changes in existing laws and regulations, or in their interpretation by the authorities, may affect Allianz Group's tax burden, its capital require-
ments, the way in which the Allianz Group companies conduct their business and the products they may offer. Governments, regulatory authorities 
and others have made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework for the financial services industry to enhance its 
resilience against future crises and to enhance consumer protection. Proposals include, among others, requests for more stringent regulatory 
capital and liquidity standards, regulation of specific types of business perceived as inherently risky and expansion of the resolution powers of 
regulators. It is possible that the future regulatory framework for the financial industry may change. This can result out of the current EIOPA 
Solvency II review, which may impact Allianz' capitalization, but can also be due to the fact that the Allianz Group has been designated as a 
"Global Systemically Important Insurer" by the Financial Stability Board and will be subject to the respective policy measures which may apply to 
such groups. In addition, it is unclear how the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ("Comframe") 
of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors ("IAIS") will finally be implemented. Effects of the regulatory changes on the Allianz 
Group may range from additional administrative cost to implement and comply with new rules to increased cost of capital and a materially 
adverse effect on the Allianz Group's business, results of operation and prospects. Finally, the potential for a multiplicity of different regulatory 
regimes, capital standards and reporting requirements will increase operational complexity and costs. 
Regulators are increasingly focused on promoting the protection of customer/client information and the integrity of information technology sys-
tems of regulated firms, utilizing data protection regulations such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the 
"EU GDPR") and the cyber laws of individual states of the United States that have been adopted based in part on the Insurance Data Security 
Model Law developed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC"). These initiatives increase the risk of potential liability

--- Page 14 ---
14 
and could lead to more conservative approaches to the sharing of data, which in turn could impact assessments of risks. Increased regulatory 
activity may also include greater scrutiny of personal data processing within the insurance sector, which may give rise to regulatory intervention 
and reputational harm. Failure to comply with applicable regulations may expose us to significant regulatory fines (for example, the maximum 
fine for non-compliance with certain EU GDPR requirements would be up to EUR 20 million or 4% of our global turnover (whichever is greater)), 
damages claims and reputational damage.  
The Allianz Group is further subject to antitrust regulation in the European Union and other jurisdictions and is therefore exposed to risks regarding 
related enforcement actions and damage claims. A finding of an infringement of antitrust regulations could adversely affect the Allianz Group in 
a variety of ways, including significant fines (based, among other factors, on the value of the relevant sales); private enforcement claims by third 
parties, such as customers and/or competitors; changes in business practices that may result in reduced revenues and/or margins; and reputa-
tional damage. 
Governments in jurisdictions in which the Allianz Group does business may consider changes to tax laws which may adversely affect the attrac-
tiveness of certain of the Allianz Group's products; if enacted, such changes could result in a significant reduction in the sale of such products.  
We consider this risk to be medium. 
THE ALLIANZ GROUP'S BUSINESS MAY BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED BY ADVERSE PUBLICITY, REGULATORY 
ACTIONS OR LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THE ALLIANZ GROUP, OTHER WELL-KNOWN COMPANIES AND 
THE FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY GENERALLY. 
Adverse publicity and damage to the Allianz Group's reputation might arise from financial reporting irregularities or compliance irregularities, 
data protection irregularities, involving Allianz Group or other large and well-known companies, increasing regulatory and law enforcement 
scrutiny of "know your customer", anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorist-financing procedures and their effectiveness, and reg-
ulatory investigations of the asset management, banking and insurance industries. Any of the above could also lead to increased regulatory 
supervision, affect the Allianz Group's ability to attract and retain customers, impair access to the capital markets or have other adverse effects 
on the Allianz Group in ways that are not predictable. 
The Allianz Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings in Germany and a number of foreign jurisdictions, 
including the United States. Such proceedings arise in the ordinary course of our business, including, among others, our activities as an insurance, 
banking and asset management company, employer, investor and taxpayer. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome 
of such proceedings, they may result in substantial damages or other payments or penalties or result in adverse publicity and damage to the 
Allianz Group's reputation. As a result, such proceedings could have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. For more information on the Allianz Group's legal proceedings, see "Description of Allianz SE and Allianz Group – Legal and 
Arbitration Proceedings". 
We consider this risk to be low. 
REGULATORY ACTIONS IN CASE OF A BREACH OF REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS. 
In the event of a failure by Allianz SE or Allianz Group to meet regulatory capital requirements, regulators have broad authority to take various 
regulatory actions including limiting or prohibiting the writing of new business, prohibiting payment of dividends or coupon payments and sus-
pend repayments of debt. A breach of regulatory capital requirements or a reduction of solvency ratios by subsidiaries may result in Allianz SE 
injecting new capital into its subsidiaries which could in turn adversely affect Allianz SE's capital and financial position. Regulatory restrictions 
can reduce Allianz SE's ability to move capital within Allianz Group which in turn can adversely affect the liquidity and financial position of Allianz 
SE and Allianz Group. Under the Solvency II regime, the powers of intervention of supervisory authorities with respect to reinsurers like Allianz SE 
are extensive and, in particular, allow for a restriction on all payments (in particular, payments under the Notes or the Guarantee, if any) at an 
earlier stage of a potential crisis. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
VI. INTERNAL CONTROL RISK AND OTHER OPERATIONAL RISK 
The Allianz Group has an internal risk and control system for verifying and monitoring its operating activities and business processes, in particular 
financial reporting, as well as compliance with regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that this internal risk and control system fully 
protects the Allianz Group against material misstatements in its public reporting and other disclosure (including, but not limited to, as a result of 
the operational risks described below), that it is adequate to prevent, discover and remediate breaches of laws or that it will be adequate for an 
enterprise of the Group's scale and complexity. Any failure to effectively prevent, identify or address violations of our legal obligations as a result 
of inadequate internal controls, procedures, compliance systems and risk management systems could result in penalties and other sanctions, 
liabilities, the assertion of damages claims by third parties, and reputational damage, each of which could materially and adversely affect our 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 15 ---
15
The Allianz Group is exposed to operational risks resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, human errors, system failures, and exter-
nal events that can stem from a wide variety of sources such as: 
− 
Potential losses due to a failure to meet a professional obligation or from the design of a product. Examples include mis-selling and other 
illegal or unethical sales practices, non-compliance with internal or external requirements related to products, employee fraud and other 
misconduct, antitrust behavior, data protection, sanctions and embargoes, etc. These losses tend to be of a lower frequency but with a po-
tentially high financial impact. 
− 
Potential losses arising from transaction or process management failures. Examples include interest and penalties from non-payment or 
underpayment of taxes or losses associated with broker and agent distribution processes. These losses tend to be of a relatively higher fre-
quency but with little financial impact (although single large loss events can occur). 
− 
Other operational risks, including, for example, internal or external fraud, financial misstatement risk, a breach of cyber security incident 
causing business disruption or fines, a potential failure at Allianz Group's outsourcing partners causing a disruption to its working environ-
ment. For example, the Allianz Group relies on complex IT systems and could suffer financial losses, a disruption of its businesses, liabilities to 
clients, regulatory interventions or reputational damage in case of events such as operational errors, software and hardware errors, power 
blackouts, damage, computer viruses, terrorist or other acts of sabotage as well as other internal or external threats. Operational risks also 
include legal and compliance risks. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
VII. OTHER RISKS 
Other risks include the SARS-COV-2 Pandemic as well as strategic, liquidity, and reputational risk. In our assessment, the risk related to the SARS-
COV-2 Pandemic is the most material risk in this category. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE SARS-COV-2 PANDEMIC 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 first 
identified in December 2019 and its associated disease, Covid-19, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, 
such as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of businesses, or curfews or other social distancing measures, may 
have a material adverse effect on the global economy and international financial markets in general and on the markets in which the Allianz 
Group operates in particular. The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the respective 
outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, including human, 
material, infrastructure and financial (e.g., governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to imple-
ment effective responses to the respective situation at the international, national and regional level as well as the level of civil compliance with 
such measures. In addition, there is still an uncertainty associated with the sufficient supply of appropriate vaccines, their production, distribution 
and correct administration as well as the willingness of the majority of the population to get vaccinated. There is no guarantee that such measures, 
or a combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the implications resulting therefrom, which may result in an 
increase of financial, underwriting, liquidity and operational risks for the Allianz Group and, ultimately, may have material adverse effects on the 
operating results of the Allianz Group and its business and financial situation. 
The evolving Covid-19 global pandemic has caused significant disruption to the economy and financial markets globally, and the full extent of 
the potential impacts of Covid-19 are not yet known. The results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources of the 
Allianz Group have been adversely impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic, and the future impact of the pandemic is difficult to predict. A number 
of factors that are important for the Allianz Group to successfully conduct its business could continue to be materially affected by the spread of 
Covid-19. The social distancing measures implemented in the first half of 2020 by countries around the world and with rising incident cases started 
to get re-imposed in Europe and other regions around the globe at the end of 2020 and at the beginning of 2021 in order to slow the spread of 
Covid-19 has resulted in a severe global recession and financial crisis. As economic activity is drastically reduced potentially for an extended 
period of time, many businesses have been and could be forced to close, leading to a dramatic increase in unemployment. As businesses and 
unemployed workers no longer have the income to pay their outstanding debts, the number of defaults could significantly increase. Such devel-
opments have had and continue to have a number of effects on the Allianz Group's business and risk profile, including the following: 
− 
Property and Casualty business: In 2020, Covid-19 had an impact on the operating profit of the Property-Casualty business of EUR (1.1) 
billion, which was partly due to a significant deterioration of the underwriting result. Global business lines offered by some subsidiaries are 
expected to continue to be impacted by the crisis, such as travel insurance (Allianz Partners), credit insurance (Euler Hermes) and to some 
extent business interruption lines of business (e.g. UK, France). In credit insurance, a potential increase in defaults may lead to higher expected 
losses. Additional uncertainty may arise on both insurance and reinsurance due to legislative and regulatory responses such as, for example, 
premium deferrals, customer friendly interpretation of policy cover and retroactive extension of insurance coverage, as described in more 
detail below. 
− 
Life and Health business: In 2020, Covid-19 had an impact on the operating profit of the Life and Health business of EUR (0.2) billion. The 
Covid-19 pandemic could increase frequency of claims and medical costs in health insurance. Further potential impact could occur in life 
insurance for example in relation to term life products, which however, are predominantly bought by younger generations.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
− Asset management: Potential adverse market developments, including significant market volatility, or investor behavior triggered by the 
development of the pandemic or measures taken by governments or regulators may decrease assets under management, with associated 
negative earnings impact. 
− Market and Credit risk: The Covid-19 pandemic continues to have an impact on all market risks of the Allianz Group as it has the potential to 
cause significant price movements on the financial market especially for equities and credit spreads, despite the significant relief of the global 
financial markets following the promising news of effective vaccines being developed by a number of companies and the accelerating vac-
cination process in many countries. Allianz also expects continued impact of the crisis on the credit risk, in particular associated with loans 
granted, investments in fixed-income securities and reinsurance. Further implications are expected as well on the credit side, especially in 
case the number of bankruptcies is increasing with the associated impact on the banking sector if the state and state orchestrated aids prove 
to be not sufficiently effective. Depending on the further development of the Covid-19 pandemic, the pandemic may also have adverse 
impacts on the valuation of the real estate investments of the Allianz Group in the event, for example, there is a sustained and significant 
decrease in rental income from such properties. 
− Liquidity risk: In the current market environment, caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, the liquidity situation of Allianz Group is influenced es-
pecially from the economic and solvency situation of its subsidiaries, as well as the political and regulatory requirements regarding corporate 
capital management activities, such as the general ability to pay dividends. Potential risks may continue to arise in relation to the occurrence 
of disturbances in the financial market as well as recapitalization needs of related undertakings.  
− Operational risk: Allianz Group's operational risks associated with the Covid-19 pandemic could result in particular from operational delays 
due to public measures to restrict social contacts, employee health problems, costs of implementing business continuity plans and delays or 
failures in external services. Despite the fact that shifting the workforce to "Work from Home"-mode was implemented without major chal-
lenges and all business processes continued without interruptions, as an increasing percentage of employees continue to work remotely, the 
Allianz Group may face increased resiliency risks. The increasing reliance on digital technologies has been greatly accelerated by the COVID-
19 pandemic. As noted, the pandemic has urged Allianz to widely move into a working from home mode for its employees to ensure business 
continuity and enhance efficiency and competitiveness. Remote working is expected to constitute a key part of the future working model at 
Allianz which increases the risk of technology obsolescence, cyber-attacks, data breaches, system failures as well as the risk of non-compli-
ance with increasing regulation covering IT-related business processes. 
− Modelling risk: Emerging events, such as the Covid-19 pandemic, are analyzed and taken into account as part of the specific analyses or 
model reviews carried out by Allianz Group's experts. Allianz Group utilizes assumptions, estimates and models to evaluate the potential 
impact on its business, results of operations and financial condition as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and the response thereto. If actual 
events differ materially from those assumptions, estimates or models, the potential estimated losses could be materially higher than those 
reflected in Allianz Group's capital plans, and its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely af-
fected. 
In addition to the above risks, holders of business interruption and event cancellation insurance policies have been seeking coverage for losses 
caused by Covid-19 and related stay-in-place measures. Holders of business interruption insurance policies have already filed lawsuits in different 
courts in countries in which the Allianz Group operates, including Germany, the United States, France and the United Kingdom, seeking coverage 
under such policies for closures relating to Covid-19 and resulting government action. In certain of these cases, defendant insurers, including, in 
certain instances, Allianz Group entities, have expressed that such losses caused by a pandemic such as Covid-19 are not covered. However, 
policyholders nonetheless have and may continue to assert novel theories of coverage, and insurers, including the Allianz Group, nonetheless 
may incur significant expense due to the pendency of a large number of individual suits. Furthermore, adverse court rulings in such cases may 
result in higher claims expenses than currently reflected in Allianz Group's claims reserves. 
Furthermore, the Allianz Group may be subject to government and/or regulatory action that would require us to cover losses related to the impact 
of Covid-19 even if the insurance policies offered by the Allianz Group were not designed, drafted or priced to cover such losses. In some jurisdic-
tions, including in multiple U.S. states, current legislative proposals could require insurers operating in such jurisdictions, including the Allianz 
Group, to cover certain business interruption claims due to Covid-19, even if such losses are not currently covered under the terms of the relevant 
policy. There is no assurance that, if such laws are enacted, insurers would be compensated for such payments, and such policies could have a 
negative impact on the business and financial condition of the Allianz Group. U.S. federal legislative proposals are also under consideration that 
would establish a U.S. federal program for covering business interruption losses resulting from a public health emergency. Due to such legislative 
proposals, our insurance contracts may ultimately be interpreted to provide broader coverage for business interruption losses than the Allianz 
Group anticipated or intended. 
As a result of the above risks, the Covid-19 pandemic and the response thereto, including current and future judicial, legislative or regulatory 
actions, could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operation, financial condition and applicable capital ratios under Solvency 
II. Moreover, such impact would be greater if the various risks took effect simultaneously. While the Covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted our 
results of operations in 2020, the extent to which this, and the related global economic crisis, will continue to affect our business, results of oper-
ation and financial condition, as well as our capital and liquidity over time, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and 
cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any economic recovery period, the future actions of governments, 
court decisions, international institutions, central banks and other third parties in response to the pandemic, and the effects on our clients, coun-
terparties, employees and third-party providers.

--- Page 17 ---
17
In 2020, our Solvency II capitalization ratio (excluding transitionals) declined from 212% to 207%, predominantly driven by negative market de-
velopments from the Covid-19 pandemic. Any continued impact of the Covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect our Solvency II capitalization 
and solvency capital ratio. Moreover, the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and response thereto will heighten the other risks described in this 
section. 
We consider this risk to be high. 
REPUTATIONAL RISK  
Allianz Group's reputation as a well-respected and socially aware provider of financial services is influenced by its behavior in a range of areas 
such as product quality, corporate governance, financial performance, customer service, employee relations, intellectual capital, and corporate 
responsibility. Any misbehavior can lead to adverse publicity and damage the Allianz Group's reputation and trigger increased regulatory super-
vision, affect the Allianz Group's ability to attract and retain customers, impair access to the capital markets or have other adverse effects on the 
Allianz Group in ways that are not predictable. Reputational risk is the risk of an unexpected drop in the value of the Allianz SE share price, the 
value of the in-force business, or the value of future business caused by a decline in the reputation in external stakeholders' judgement. 
We consider this risk to be medium. 
STRATEGIC RISK 
Strategic risk is the risk of a decrease in Allianz Group's value arising from adverse management decisions on business strategies and their imple-
mentation. Strategic risks are identified and evaluated as part of the Allianz Group's Top Risk Assessment process, and discussed in various Board 
of Management-level committees (e.g., Group Finance and Risk Committee). Allianz Group also monitors market and competitive conditions, 
capital market requirements and regulatory conditions, to decide if strategic adjustments are necessary. 
Strategic risk includes, in particular, risks associated with the fact that the markets in which the Allianz Group operates are generally quite com-
petitive. This basically applies to all of the Allianz Group's primary business areas, i.e. insurance, asset management and banking businesses. Key 
factors affecting competition in these areas include price, product features, commission structures, financial strength, claims-paying ability, rat-
ings, administrative performance, support services and name recognition. 
In particular, the Allianz Group's more mature insurance markets (e.g., Germany, France, Italy and the United States) are highly competitive. In 
recent years, the Allianz Group has also experienced increasing competition in emerging markets, as large insurance companies and other finan-
cial services providers have also entered these markets to participate in their high growth potential. In addition, local institutions have become 
more experienced and have established strategic relationships, alliances or mergers also with the Allianz Group's competitors. Furthermore, new 
competitors from the technology segment may increase their market share or sustainably shape the way how the insurance sector operates. 
Downturns in the economies of these markets might even increase the competitive pressure, potentially resulting in lower margins or business 
volumes for the Allianz Group. 
If the Allianz Group fails to offer attractive products and services suitable to changing consumer demands, technological trends and regulation, 
revenues could be materially adversely affected and the Allianz Group may lose market shares in important areas of the Allianz Group's business, 
which might also have a material adverse impact on the Allianz Group. In addition, ongoing pricing pressure in certain highly competitive markets 
may negatively impact the Allianz Group's profitability. 
Strategic risk also includes the risk that acquisitions by the Allianz Group can have adverse effects on its financial position and results of opera-
tions. A variety of factors, which vary with the nature of the underlying transaction, that are partially or entirely beyond the Allianz Group's control 
could cause actual business results of the acquired undertakings being materially different from what was initially expected, and any synergies 
due to the acquisition, therefore, could, as a result, be materially smaller or realized at a later stage than initially expected. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is the risk that current or future payment obligations cannot be met or can only be met on the basis of adversely altered conditions. 
Liquidity risk can arise primarily if there are mismatches in the timing of cash in- and out-flows. 
Allianz Group's operating entities manage liquidity risk locally, using asset/liability management systems designed to ensure that assets and 
liabilities are adequately matched. The major sources of liquidity for operational activities are primary and reinsurance premiums received, rein-
surance receivables collected, investment income, and proceeds generated from the maturity or sale of investments. These funds are mainly used 
to pay claims arising from the Property-Casualty insurance business and related expenses, life policy benefits, surrenders and cancellations, ac-
quisition costs, and operating costs. 
The main sources of liquidity available for Allianz SE are dividends received from subsidiaries and funding provided by capital markets. Liquidity 
resources are readily available assets – specifically cash, money market investments, and highly liquid government bonds. Allianz SE's funds are 
primarily used for principal and interest payments on debt funding, operating costs, internal and external growth investments, and distributions

--- Page 18 ---
18 
to shareholders. Allianz SE's access to external funds depends on various factors such as capital market conditions, access to credit facilities, credit 
ratings, and credit capacity as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of the Allianz Group's long- 
or short-term financial prospects or negative actions by regulators or rating agencies. The financing of the Allianz Group's activities includes, 
among other means, funding through commercial paper facilities and medium- and long-term debt issuances. A break-down of such markets 
such as in the last global financial crisis could have a materially adverse impact on the availability and cost of funding as well as on the refinanc-
ing structure of the Allianz Group. 
The overall liquidity of Allianz Group's insurance operations depends on capital market developments, interest rate levels, and the ability to realize 
the market value of the investment portfolio to meet insurance claims and policyholder benefits. Other factors affecting the liquidity of the Prop-
erty-Casualty insurance operations include the timing, frequency, and severity of losses underlying the policies and policy renewal rates. In Life 
operations, liquidity needs are generally influenced by trends in actual mortality rates compared to the assumptions underlying the life insurance 
reserves. Market returns, crediting rates, and the behavior of life insurance clients – for example, regarding the level of surrenders and withdrawals 
– can also have significant impacts. 
Major contingent liquidity requirements include market risk scenarios for Allianz SE and its subsidiaries, non-availability of external capital mar-
kets, and reinsurance risk scenarios for Allianz SE.  
We consider this risk to be low. 
RATING DOWNGRADE RISK 
Claims paying ability as expressed by the insurance financial strength ratings is a factor in establishing the competitive position of insurers. Allianz 
SE's financial strength rating has a significant impact on the individual ratings of key subsidiaries. If a rating of certain subsidiaries falls below a 
certain threshold, the respective operating business may be significantly impacted. A ratings downgrade, or the potential for such a downgrade, 
of the Allianz Group or any of its insurance subsidiaries could, among other things, adversely affect relationships with agents, brokers and other 
distributors of the Allianz Group's products and services, thereby negatively impacting new sales, adversely affect the Allianz Group's ability to 
compete in the respective markets and increase the cost of borrowing. In particular, in those countries where primary distribution of the Allianz 
Group's products is done through independent agents, future ratings downgrades could adversely impact sales of the life insurance and annuity 
products. Any future ratings downgrades could also materially adversely affect the cost of raising capital and could, in addition, give rise to 
additional financial obligations or accelerate existing financial obligations which are dependent on maintaining specified rating levels. For some 
lines of business, a downgrade might also have impact on current business in case agreements provide for cancellation clauses which allow 
policyholders to cancel the agreements in case a certain downgrade occurs. This would trigger a repayment of (parts) of the received premium. 
Rating agencies can be expected to continue to monitor the Allianz Group's financial strength and claims paying ability. Future ratings down-
grades may occur at any time, whether due to changes in the Allianz Group's performance, its regulatory capital position, changes in the rating 
agencies' industry views or ratings methodologies, or a combination of these and other factors. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
MARKET AND OTHER FACTORS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT GOODWILL, DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION 
COSTS AND DEFERRED TAX ASSETS; THE ALLIANZ GROUP'S DEFERRED TAX ASSETS ARE ALSO POTENTIALLY 
IMPACTED BY CHANGES IN TAX LEGISLATION. 
Business and market conditions may impact the amount of goodwill the Allianz Group carries in its consolidated financial statements. As the 
value of certain parts of the Allianz Group's businesses, including in particular the Allianz Group's asset management business, are significantly 
impacted by such factors as the state of financial markets and ongoing operating performance, significant declines in financial markets or oper-
ating performance could also result in impairment of other goodwill carried by the Allianz Group companies and result in significant write-downs, 
which could be material.  
The assumptions the Allianz Group made with respect to recoverability of deferred policy acquisition costs ("DAC") are also affected by such 
factors as operating performance and market conditions. DAC is incurred in connection with the production of new and renewal insurance busi-
ness and is deferred and amortized generally in proportion to profits or to premium income expected to be generated over the life of the under-
lying policies, depending on the classification of the product. If the assumptions on which expected profits are based prove to be incorrect, it may 
be necessary to accelerate amortization of DAC, even to the extent of writing down DAC, which could materially adversely affect results of oper-
ations.  
Allianz Group carries in its consolidated financial statements deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. The calculation of the respective tax 
assets and liabilities is based on current tax laws and IFRS and depends on applicable valuation parameters as well as on the performance of 
Allianz SE and of certain business units in particular.  
Changes in German or other tax legislation or regulations or an operating performance below currently anticipated levels or any circumstances 
which result in an expiration of tax losses may lead to an impairment or revaluation of deferred tax assets, in which case the Allianz Group could 
be obligated to write-down certain tax assets. Tax assets may also need to be written down if certain assumptions of profitability prove to be

--- Page 19 ---
19
incorrect, as losses incurred for longer than expected could make the usability of tax assets more unlikely. Any such development may have a 
material adverse impact on the Allianz Group's net income. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
EMERGING RISKS 
Certain ongoing systemic changes may affect the future financial performance, capitalization and liquidity of Allianz Group. These developments 
are by their nature difficult to predict and depend generally on factors beyond our control. Examples of such risks that may affect Allianz Group 
include: 
− 
Environmental Matters: Climate change may lead to natural catastrophes, political instability, emerging diseases or changed social behavior 
that differ from historical experience and may thus be difficult to predict using traditional models. Consequently, climate change and its 
related impact has the potential to affect the quality of our underwriting, pricing and retrocession processes and may adversely affect our 
financial condition and results of operations.  
− 
Regulatory Reform: Judicial or legislative changes to retroactively expand policy coverage may expose us in the future to higher than ex-
pected losses which would require additional reserve strengthening and higher loss payments. Such retroactive changes to the provision of 
business interruption insurance have already begun to occur during the Covid-19 crisis.  
− 
Technological Developments: Insurance companies are required to adapt to multiple emerging technologies that are changing customer 
behavior, affecting how business is conducted, and potentially creating new sources of risks. Allianz Group may be adversely affected if we 
are unable to adapt to the impact of such technologies on our operations and unable to adequately anticipate and model such risks. Such 
potential emerging risks related to technological change include cybersecurity, as well as new risks relating to new technologies such as 
autonomous cars and nanotechnologies. 
 
We consider this risk to be low to medium. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V. 
Allianz Finance II B.V. is a funding vehicle for the Allianz Group. As such, it, inter alia, raises funds and on-lends monies to group companies within 
the Allianz Group by way of intra-group loans. In the event that a group company fails to make a payment under an intra-group loan, the Issuer 
may not be able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V. 
Allianz Finance III B.V. is a funding vehicle for the Allianz Group. As such, it, inter alia, raises funds and on-lends monies to group companies within 
the Allianz Group by way of intra-group loans. In the event that a group company fails to make a payment under an intra-group loan, the Issuer 
may not be able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
We consider this risk to be low. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
VIII. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
NOTEHOLDERS ARE SUBJECT TO THE RISK OF A PARTIAL OR TOTAL FAILURE OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER OR, IF 
APPLICABLE, THE GUARANTOR TO MAKE INTEREST AND/OR REDEMPTION PAYMENTS. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, and has no rights 
against any other person. Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor to 
make interest and/or redemption payments that such Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor is obliged to make under the Notes or the Guarantee. 
The worse the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, the higher the risk of loss (see also "Risk Factors relating to 
Allianz SE/Allianz Group", "Risk Factors relating to Allianz Finance II B.V." and "Risk Factors relating to Allianz Finance III B.V." above). A materiali-
zation of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor to make interest and/or redemp-
tion payments under the Notes or the Guarantee. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under 
the Notes or the Guarantee when they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market 
participants may in particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or 
debtors operating in the insurance sector adversely change. If any of these risks materializes, third parties would only be willing to purchase the 
Notes for a lower price than before and the market value of the Notes may therefore decrease.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
THE NOTES WILL BE EFFECTIVELY SUBORDINATED TO ALLIANZ GROUP'S DEBT TO THE EXTENT SUCH DEBT IS 
SECURED BY ASSETS THAT ARE NOT ALSO SECURING THE NOTES. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the relevant Issuer's and, if applicable, the Guarantor's ability to provide asset security for the benefit 
of other debt and require the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit 
of Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a 
number of significant exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor provide asset security for the 
benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of Allianz Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims than the Note-
holders in bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar proceedings. The relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the 
Guarantor may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes. 
THE NOTES ARE STRUCTURALLY SUBORDINATED TO CREDITORS OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S OR THE 
GUARANTOR'S SUBSIDIARIES 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, of the Guarantor. Generally, claims of creditors 
of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have 
priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the event of a liquidation, 
winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries 
have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. As a result, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
MARKET PRICE RISK 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, the policies of central 
banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates, or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are there-
fore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior 
to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
INTEREST RATE RISKS FOR FIXED RATE NOTES OR NON-INTEREST BEARING NOTES 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or in non-interest bearing Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. While the nominal interest rate (i.e. the coupon) of the Notes is fixed, the market yield typically changes on a daily 
basis. As the market yield changes, the price of the Notes changes in the opposite direction. If the market yield increases, the price of the Notes 
falls. If the market yield falls, the price of the Notes increases.  
Noteholders should also be aware that the market yield has two components, namely the risk free rate and the credit spread. The credit spread 
is reflective of the yield that investors require in addition to the yield on a risk free investment of equal tenor as a compensation for the risks 
inherent in the Notes. The credit spread changes over time and can decrease as well as increase for many reasons. The market yield of the Notes 
can change due to changes of the credit spread, the risk free rate, or both. 
In addition, Noteholders are exposed to reinvestment risk with respect to proceeds from coupon payments or early redemptions by the Issuer. If 
the market yield (or market spread respectively) declines, and if Noteholders want to invest such proceeds in comparable transactions, Note-
holders will only be able to reinvest such proceeds in comparable transactions at the then prevailing lower market yields (or market spreads 
respectively). 
INTEREST RATE RISKS FOR FLOATING RATE NOTES 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes on the one hand and Fixed Rate Notes or non-interest bearing Notes on the other hand is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having a 
longer term with fixed or no interest.  
Since the Margin, if any, is fixed at issuance of the Floating Rate Notes, Noteholders are subject to the risk that the Margin does not reflect the 
spread that investors require in addition to the relevant reference interest rate as a compensation for the risks inherent in the Notes ("market 
spread"). The market spread typically changes on a daily basis. As the market spread changes, the price of the Note changes in the opposite 
direction. A decrease of the market spread has a positive impact on the price of the Note, an increase of the market spread has a negative impact 
on the price of the Note. However, the price of the Notes is subject to changes in the market spread, changes in the reference interest rate or both. 
Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market spread can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 21 ---
21
In addition, Noteholders are exposed to reinvestment risk with respect to proceeds from interest payments or any early redemptions by the Issuer. 
If the market yield (or market spread respectively) declines, and if Noteholders want to invest such proceeds in comparable transactions, Note-
holders will only be able to reinvest such proceeds in comparable transactions at the then prevailing lower market yields (or market spreads 
respectively). 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for 
such Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be admitted to trading on a regulated market (or 
some other market) does not necessarily lead to better liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in particular as a result 
of repurchases by the Issuer or its affiliates (in case of issuance by Allianz SE). 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices.  
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS AND APPOINTMENT 
OF A JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the relevant Issuer with consent of the relevant Noteholders by way of 
a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) as described in 
Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the 
relevant Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the 
change. As the relevant majority for Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of 
the relevant Series of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority resolution is binding 
on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the relevant Issuer under the Terms and Conditions 
may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable but 
who have not received payment from the relevant Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on 
the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint representative is ap-
pointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights under the Terms and Conditions 
against the relevant Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce 
the rights of all the Noteholders. 
IX. RISKS RELATED TO THE SPECIFIC CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
RISK OF EARLY REDEMPTION 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a future change of 
applicable laws, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) will be obliged to pay Additional Amounts. 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date in one or more of the 
following cases: (i) if, as a result of a future change of applicable laws, interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any payment to 
be made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee (as applicable) is no longer fully deductible by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) for 
income tax purposes, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any Call Redemption Date, or (iii) in case the nominal amount outstanding is equal to 
or lower than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series previously issued or (iv) following a Benchmark Event. 
If the Notes of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early redemp-
tion his investment will have a lower than expected yield. In addition, the Noteholder is exposed to the risk that arises from having to reinvest the 
cash proceeds of such early redemption earlier than expected. The redemption amount may be lower than the market price prevailing immedi-
ately prior to the publication of the call notice by the Issuer. The redemption amount may also be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would incur a loss.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
RISK RELATED TO THE REFORM OF INTEREST RATE "BENCHMARKS" AND POSSIBLE REPLACEMENT OF A 
BENCHMARK 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" such as the EURIBOR (each a 
"Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are 
created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation") which is fully applicable since 1 Janu-
ary 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result that they perform dif-
ferently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes 
to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining a 
Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regula-
tions or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Notes.  
BENCHMARK FALLBACK PROVISIONS 
Under the Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes certain benchmark replacement provisions will apply in case a Benchmark used as a 
reference for calculation of amounts payable under the Notes issued under this Programme were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
(whereby a material alteration of the methodology used by the administrator on the interest commencement date for the determination of the 
original benchmark rate will be deemed as discontinuation).  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall endeavor to appoint an Independent Adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such Independent 
Adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognized successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists. If that is not the 
case, the Independent Adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the 
discontinued Benchmark. If the Independent Adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate will 
replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the relevant 
Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to 
these fallback provisions will apply with effect from the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If (i) the relevant Issuer fails to appoint an Independent Adviser or if (ii) the Independent Adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior 
to the relevant interest determination date, then the Issuer may, using reasonable discretion, determine the New Benchmark Rate in those cases 
where Issuer determination is provided for by the Final Terms. If the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent Adviser, or where (i) the Independent 
Adviser (in cases where no Issuer determination is provided for by the Final terms) or (ii) neither the Independent Adviser nor the Issuer (in cases 
where Issuer determination is provided for by the Final terms) determine a New Benchmark Rate the reference rate applicable to the immediately 
following interest period shall be the reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any subsequent interest 
period may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes compared to the 
applicable original benchmark rate. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Terms and Conditions may provide for an option for the relevant Issuer to call and redeem the affected Notes 
(in whole but not in part) with effect as of the date fixed for redemption in the notice. Please see "Risk of early redemption" above for risks related 
to such an early redemption. 
REDENOMINATION RISK 
In the case of any Notes for which the redenomination clause (§ 5(b)) is applicable, the Specified Currency of the Series may be redenominated 
(in whole but not in part) to the New Currency if the relevant member state of the European Monetary Union identified by the Final Terms re-
denominates its public debt to a currency other than the Euro (the "New Currency"). An investor could become newly exposed to the exchange 
rate risks and risk of exchange controls resulting from such redenomination.

--- Page 23 ---
23
DUTCH WITHHOLDING TAX ACT 2021 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of a Dutch Issuer if such entity 
(i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a per-
manent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose 
or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of 
residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as 
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
An entity is generally affiliated within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 if it can directly or indirectly – either alone or as part of 
a cooperating group – control the decisions made by a Dutch Issuer. A general non-exhaustive example of such control includes a situation in 
which an entity has more than 50% of the voting rights in a Dutch Issuer. An entity is also affiliated if, broadly speaking, a Dutch Issuer can directly 
or indirectly – either alone or as part of a cooperating group – control the decisions made by that entity. Lastly, an entity is affiliated to a Dutch 
Issuer if a third party can directly or indirectly – either alone or as part of a cooperating group – control the decisions of both a Dutch Issuer and 
the other entity. The withholding tax rate will be 25% in 2021.  
In case payments made by Allianz Finance II B.V. or Allianz Finance III B.V. in respect of the Notes are subject to withholding tax pursuant to Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021, Allianz Finance II B.V. or Allianz Finance III B.V will not be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 6 "Taxation" of Option I for the Fixed Rate Notes and Condition 6 "Taxation" of Option II for the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
General 
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes (the "Con-
ditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") 
as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the relevant Issuer to choose 
between the following Options: 
- 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes and non-interest bearing Notes; and 
- 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The relevant Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II, including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant 
provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in 
the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will 
be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options contained in each of 
Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each 
global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the information contained in part I of the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms 
and Conditions of Option I and Option II contains also certain further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which 
will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
DETERMINATION OF OPTIONS 
The relevant Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions in the Final 
Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. 
If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
COMPLETION OF PLACEHOLDERS 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be completed. In the case 
the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in 
the placeholders of such provisions. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES

--- Page 25 ---
25
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and 
explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the relevant Issuer may elect to draft the Conditions either in the German language 
with an English translation, with the German being the controlling language, or in the English language only.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Programm Anleihebedingungen 
Programme terms and conditions 
 
Deutsche Fassung  
English language version 
 
 
Die Programm Anleihebedingungen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Anleihebedingun-
gen") sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufge-
führt:
The Programme terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below 
for two options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingun-
gen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die eine feste Verzinsung haben oder die unverzins-
lich sind, Anwendung findet.
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest 
rates or which are non-interest bearing. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingun-
gen, der auf Tranchen von in Euro denominierten 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Euro denominated Tranches of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die je-
weilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen 
und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern in-
nerhalb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen be-
zeichnet wird.
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterized accordingly by indicating the respec-
tive optional provision through instructions and ex-
planatory notes set out either on the right of, or in 
square brackets within, the set of Terms and Condi-
tions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die jeweilige 
Emittentin festlegen, ob Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben vervollstän-
digt, verändert, ergänzt oder ersetzt werden oder 
auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird.
In the Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will determine 
whether Option I or Option II including certain fur-
ther options contained therein, respectively, shall 
apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, 
either by completing, modifying, supplementing or 
replacing the relevant provisions or by referring to 
the relevant options. 
 
 
Soweit weder die Emittentin noch gegebenenfalls 
die Garantin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Ba-
sisprospektes Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatten, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuld-
verschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die 
die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthal-
ten beziehungsweise zu streichende alternative o-
der wählbare Bestimmungen.
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base 
Prospectus neither of the Issuer nor if applicable 
the Guarantor had knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of 
Notes, this Base Prospectus contains placeholders 
set out in square brackets which include the rele-
vant items that will be completed by the Final 
Terms or alternative or selectable provisions to be 
deleted. 
 
Falls 
die 
Endgülti-
gen Bedin-
gungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestim-
mungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten als 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply 
to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the infor-
mation contained in the Final Terms as if such infor-
In the case 
the 
Final 
Terms ap-
plicable to 
an individ-
ual 
issue 
only refer 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES

--- Page 27 ---
27
anwend-
bar 
sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der Anlei-
hebedin-
gungen 
der Option 
I oder Op-
tion II ent-
halten 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthal-
tenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese An-
gaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wähl-
bare Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, 
deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestri-
chen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anlei-
hebedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestri-
chen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der End-
gültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent erhält-
lich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an 
einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingun-
gen allerdings ausschließlich für die Anleihegläubi-
ger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.
mation were inserted in the blanks of such provi-
sions; alternative or optional provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions as to which the correspond-
ing provisions of the Final Terms are not completed 
or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes 
and text set out in square brackets) shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Con-
ditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the 
Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be ob-
tained free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of Notes 
which are not listed on any stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, copies of the relevant Final 
Terms will only be available to the Noteholders of 
such Notes. 
to the fur-
ther 
op-
tions con-
tained 
in 
the set of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Option 
I or Option 
II the fol-
lowing ap-
plies:

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
OPTION I 
Anleihebedingungen für  
festverzinsliche und unverzinsliche Schuldver-
schreibungen
OPTION I 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Fixed Rate Notes and Non-Interest-Bearing 
Notes
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, 
Festgelegter 
Nennbetrag, 
Form
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; Festgelegter Nennbetrag. Die 
[Allianz SE] [Allianz Finance II B.V.] [Allianz 
Finance III B.V.] (die "Emittentin") begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") 
im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Festgelegte 
Währung] [Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuld-
verschreibungen (die "Schuldverschrei-
bungen" und jeweils eine "Schuldver-
schreibung") im festgelegten Nennbetrag 
von je [Festgelegte Währung] [Betrag] 
(der "Festgelegte Nennbetrag"). 
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination. The 
Notes are issued by [Allianz SE] [Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V.] [Allianz Finance III B.V.] (the 
"Issuer") in [Specified Currency] (the "Spec-
ified Currency"), in the aggregate principal 
amount of [Specified Currency] [amount], 
divided into notes (the "Notes" and each a 
"Note") in the specified denomination of 
[Specified Currency] [amount] (the "Speci-
fied Denomination") each.  
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
der Allianz 
Finance III 
B.V. ist Fol-
gendes 
anwend-
bar:
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden von 
der Allianz SE, München (die "Garantin") 
garantiert. 
 
The Notes are guaranteed by Allianz SE, 
Munich (the "Guarantor"). 
In the case 
of Notes 
issued by 
Allianz Fi-
nance II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz Fi-
nance III 
B.V., the 
following 
applies: 
 
(b) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten 
auf den Inhaber.
(b) 
Form. The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind zunächst in einer vorläufigen Glo-
balurkunde (die "Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde") [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: ohne 
Zinsscheine] verbrieft.
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are initially repre-
sented by a temporary global Note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: without interest 
coupons]. 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note the 
following 
applies: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird (insge-
samt oder teilweise und unentgeltlich) an 
oder nach dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag des Beginns des Angebots liegt, 
gegen Nachweis über das Nichtbestehen 
wirtschaftlichen U.S.-Eigentums im Sinne 
des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. beneficial ow-
nership) in der in der Vorläufigen Globalur-
kunde vorgesehenen Form, gegen eine 
dauerhafte Globalurkunde (die "Dauer-
Globalurkunde") (die Vorläufige Globalur-
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable (in whole or in part and free of 
charge) on or after the day that is 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the date of issue of the Notes 
for a permanent global Note (the "Perma-
nent Global Note") (the Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note, 
each a "Global Note") [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: without interest 
coupons] upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in 
the Temporary Global Note. The right of

--- Page 29 ---
29
kunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde je-
weils auch eine "Globalurkunde") [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] aus-
getauscht. Ein Recht der Anleihegläubiger 
(wie nachstehend definiert) auf Ausgabe 
und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: oder Zinsscheinen] be-
steht nicht.
the Noteholders (as defined below) to re-
quire the issue and delivery of definitive 
notes [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in-
sert: or interest coupons] is excluded. 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind durch eine permanente Globalur-
kunde (die "Globalurkunde") [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] verbrieft. 
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are represented by 
a permanent global Note (the "Global 
Note") [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: without interest coupons]. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
will 
be issued, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde wer-
den solange von einem Clearingsystem o-
der im Auftrag eines Clearingsystems ver-
wahrt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System. Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note will be held in custody by or on behalf 
of a Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satis-
fied. 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde wird 
solange von einem Clearingsystem oder im 
Auftrag eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, 
bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emitten-
tin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will be 
held in custody by or on behalf of a Clear-
ing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
will 
be issued, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr 
als einem Clearing System ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clear-
stream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutsch-
land ("Clearstream, Frankfurt")] [,] [und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzog-
tum Luxemburg, ("Clearstream, Luxem-
burg")] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Bou-
levard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Bel-
gien, ("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxem-
burg und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und 
"Clearing System" means [if more than 
one Clearing System the following ap-
plies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] 
[,] 
[and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, ("Clearstream, Luxem-
bourg")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, ("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Lux-
embourg and Euroclear each an "ICSD"

--- Page 30 ---
30 
zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funk-
tionsnachfolger.
and together the "ICSDs")] and any succes-
sor in such capacity.
 
 
 
 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form, 
ist Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar:
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen Unterschriften von zwei Ver-
tretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kon-
trollbeauftragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
manual signatures of two duly authorized 
officers of the Issuer as well as the manual 
signature of an authentication officer of 
the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:
 
 
 
 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
Die Globalurkunde trägt jeweils die eigen-
händigen Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontroll-
beauftragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Global Note shall bear the manual sig-
natures of two duly authorized officers of 
the Issuer as well as the manual signature 
of an authentication officer of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form 
will be is-
sued, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Glo-
bal 
Note 
ausgege-
ben 
wer-
den 
und 
bei denen 
zunächst 
eine 
Vor-
läufige 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") aus-
gegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekee-
per) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
intended 
to be is-
sued in the 
New 
Global 
Note form 
where 
a 
Temporary 
Global 
Note is is-
sued, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Re-
gistern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Ge-
samtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ih-
res Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen, und eine zu diesen Zwecken von ei-
nem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt.
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customers' interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung [im Fall von festverzins-
lichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
oder einer Zinszahlung] bezüglich der 
On any redemption [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: or interest payment] 
being made in respect of, or purchase and

--- Page 31 ---
31
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt 
die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs ein-
getragen werden und dass nach dieser Ein-
tragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnenn-
betrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauf-
ten und entwerteten Schuldverschreibun-
gen abgezogen wird.
cancellation of, any of the Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such 
entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the rec-
ords of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggre-
gate principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von durch eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses 
Austauschs entsprechend in die Aufzeich-
nungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered accord-
ingly in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen Unterschriften von zwei Ver-
tretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kon-
trollbeauftragten des Fiscal Agent und die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines bevoll-
mächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Per-
manent Global Note shall each bear the 
manual signatures of two duly authorized 
officers of the Issuer as well as the manual 
signature of an authentication officer of 
the Fiscal Agent and the manual signature 
of an authorized officer of the common 
safekeeper. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Glo-
bal 
Note 
ausgege-
ben 
wer-
den 
und 
bei denen 
nur 
eine 
Perma-
nente Glo-
balur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") aus-
gegeben und von einem gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekee-
per) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
intended 
to be is-
sued in the 
New 
Global 
Note form 
where only 
a Perma-
nent 
Global 
Note is is-
sued, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Re-
gistern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Ge-
samtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ih-
res Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen, und eine zu diesen Zwecken von ei-
nem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt.
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customers' interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by 
the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Bei Rückzahlung [im Fall von festverzinsli-
chen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: o-
der einer Zinszahlung] bezüglich der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und Entwer-
tung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emit-
tentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Ent-
wertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde ent-
sprechend in die Register der ICSDs einge-
tragen werden und dass nach dieser Ein-
tragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnenn-
betrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauf-
ten und entwerteten Schuldverschreibun-
gen abgezogen wird.
On any redemption [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: or interest] being made 
in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall 
be entered accordingly in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate princi-
pal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Die Globalurkunde trägt jeweils die eigen-
händigen Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontroll-
beauftragten des Fiscal Agent und die ei-
genhändige Unterschrift eines bevoll-
mächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers. 
The Global Note shall bear the manual sig-
natures of two duly authorized officers of 
the Issuer as well as the manual signature 
of an authentication officer of the Fiscal 
Agent and the manual signature of an au-
thorized officer of the common safekeeper. 
 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger. 
Den 
Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen ("Anleihegläubi-
ger") stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder ver-
gleichbare andere Rechte an der Globalur-
kunde zu, die gemäß anwendbarem Recht 
und den Bestimmungen und Regeln des 
Clearingsystems übertragen werden kön-
nen.
(e) 
Noteholders. The holders of Notes ("Note-
holders") are entitled to co-ownership par-
ticipations or other comparable rights in 
the Global Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws and the 
rules and regulations of the Clearing Sys-
tem. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
§ 2
Status und Negativerklärung
§ 2
Status and Negative Pledge
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
(a) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen be-
gründen nicht besicherte und nicht nach-
rangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, 
die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichran-
gig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschrei-
ben.
(a) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer, save for any obliga-
tions required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den An-
leihebedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die "Bedingungen") zahlbaren 
Beträge an das Clearingsystem gezahlt 
worden sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keiten, einschließlich dafür übernommener 
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes re-
main outstanding, but only up to the time 
when all amounts payable under the terms 
and conditions of the Notes (the "Condi-
tions") have been paid to the Clearing Sys-
tem, not to provide any security on its do-
mestic real property for any Capital Market 
Indebtedness, including any guarantees or

--- Page 33 ---
33
Garantien und sonstiger Gewährleistun-
gen, keine Sicherheiten an ihrem inländi-
schen Grundvermögen zu bestellen, ohne 
die Schuldverschreibungen zur gleichen 
Zeit oder vorher und mit gleichem Rang zu 
besichern.
other indemnities assumed in respect 
thereof, without at the same time or prior 
thereto securing the Notes equally and 
rateably therewith. 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) gesetzlich vorgeschrie-
ben sind, oder (ii) im Zusammenhang mit 
staatlichen Genehmigungen verlangt wer-
den. Eine nach dem ersten Satz zu leis-
tende Sicherheit kann auch gegenüber ei-
nem Treuhänder der Anleihegläubiger be-
stellt werden. 
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to a security (i) 
which is mandatory according to applica-
ble laws, or (ii) which is required as a pre-
requisite for governmental approvals. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant to 
the first sentence may also be provided to 
a trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede ge-
genwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlich-
keit der Emittentin oder eines Dritten in der 
Form von Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnlichen Instrumenten mit einer ur-
sprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an einem an-
deren Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt werden 
können.
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any indebtedness, present or future, of the 
Issuer or any third party in the form of 
Notes or bonds or similar instruments with 
an original maturity of more than one year, 
which can be traded on any stock ex-
change or other securities market. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
§ 2
Status, Negativerklärung und Garantie
§ 2
Status, Negative Pledge and Guarantee 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
(a) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen be-
gründen (vorbehaltlich der Garantie (wie 
nachstehend definiert)) nicht besicherte 
und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit 
allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin gleichrangig sind, soweit zwingende 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts anderes 
vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute (subject to the Guarantee (as de-
fined below)) unsecured and unsubordi-
nated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu 
with all other unsecured and unsubordi-
nated obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den An-
leihebedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die "Bedingungen") zahlbaren 
Beträge an das Clearingsystem gezahlt 
worden sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keiten, einschließlich dafür übernommener 
Garantien und sonstiger Gewährleistun-
gen, keine Grundpfandrechte, Mobili-
arpfandrechte oder sonstige dingliche Be-
sicherungen gleich welcher Art an ihren 
derzeitigen oder zukünftigen Erträgen o-
der Vermögensgegenständen zu bestellen 
oder deren Aufrechterhaltung zu gestat-
ten, ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur 
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes is out-
standing, but only up to the time at which 
all amounts payable under the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") 
have been paid to the Clearing System, not 
to create or permit to subsist, any mort-
gage, charge, pledge, lien or other encum-
brance upon any or all of its present or fu-
ture revenues or assets for any Capital Mar-
ket Indebtedness, including any guaran-
tees or other indemnities assumed in re-
spect thereof, without at the same time or 
prior thereto securing the Notes equally 
and rateably therewith.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
gleichen Zeit oder vorher mit gleichem 
Rang zu besichern. 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) gesetzlich vorgeschrie-
ben sind oder (ii) im Zusammenhang mit 
staatlichen Genehmigungen verlangt wer-
den. Eine nach dem ersten Satz zu leis-
tende Sicherheit kann auch gegenüber ei-
nem Treuhänder der Anleihegläubiger be-
stellt werden.
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to a security (i) 
which is mandatory according to applica-
ble laws, or (ii) which is required as a pre-
requisite for governmental approvals. Any 
security which is to be provided pursuant to 
the first sentence may also be provided to 
a trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede ge-
genwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlich-
keit der Emittentin, der Garantin oder eines 
Dritten in der Form von Schuldverschrei-
bungen oder ähnlichen Instrumenten mit 
einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als 
einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an ei-
nem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt 
werden können.
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any indebtedness, present or future, of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any third party in 
the form of Notes or bond or similar instru-
ments with an original maturity of more 
than one year, which can be traded on any 
stock exchange or other securities market. 
 
 
(c) 
Garantie. Die Garantin hat die unbedingte 
und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die frist-
gerechte Zahlung von Kapital [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen einfügen: , Zinsen] und sonstigen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträgen gemäß einer Garantie vom 14. 
April 2021 (die "Garantie") übernommen. 
Die Garantie ist ein Vertrag zugunsten je-
des Anleihegläubigers als begünstigtem 
Dritten gem. § 328 Absatz 1 BGB, der das 
Recht begründet, die Garantin unmittelbar 
aus der Garantie auf Erfüllung in Anspruch 
zu nehmen und Ansprüche aus der Garan-
tie gegen die Garantin unmittelbar durch-
zusetzen.  
(c) 
Guarantee. The Guarantor has given an 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee 
pursuant to a guarantee dated 14 April 
2021 (the "Guarantee") for the due pay-
ment of principal of, [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: and interest on,] and 
any other amounts expressed to be paya-
ble under the Notes. The Guarantee consti-
tutes a contract for the benefit of the Note-
holders from time to time as third party 
beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 par-
agraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bür-
gerliches Gesetzbuch), giving rise to the 
right of each Noteholder to require perfor-
mance under the Guarantee directly form 
the Guarantor and to enforce the Guaran-
tee directly against the Guarantor.
 
 
[Im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen:
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
 
§ 3
Zinsen
§ 3
Interest
 
(a) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibung wird bezogen auf ih-
ren Festgelegten Nennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Ver-
zinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) verzinst.
(a) 
Rate of interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. Each Note bears interest on its Spec-
ified Denomination from and including [in-
sert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to but 
excluding the Maturity Date.
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden mit 
jährlich [Zinssatz einfügen] % verzinst. Die 
Zinsen sind nachträglich an jedem Zins-
zahlungstag zahlbar.
The Notes bear interest at the rate of [in-
sert rate of interest] per cent. per annum, 
such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 35 ---
35
 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet [Zinszah-
lungstag(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres, 
erstmals den [ersten Zinszahlungstag ein-
fügen].
"Interest Payment Date" means [insert In-
terest Payment Date(s)] in each year, com-
mencing on [insert first Interest Payment 
Date].
 
Im Falle ei-
ner kurzen 
oder lan-
gen ersten 
Zinsperi-
ode 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich auf ei-
nen Bruchteilszinsbetrag von [anfängli-
chen Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag einfügen] je Festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag. 
The first payment of interest will amount to 
an initial broken interest amount of [insert 
initial broken interest amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomina-
tion.  
In case of a 
short 
or 
long 
first 
coupon 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:
Sofern der 
Endfällig-
keitstag 
kein Zins-
zahlungs-
tag ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab dem [den 
letzten dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausge-
henden Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (aus-
schließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließen-
den Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag einfügen] je Festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag und sind nachträglich am 
Endfälligkeitstag zahlbar. 
Interest in respect of the period from and 
including [insert Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to but ex-
cluding the Maturity Date will amount to 
[insert final Broken Interest Amount per 
Specified Denomination] per Specified De-
nomination, such interest being payable in 
arrear on the Maturity Date. 
If the Ma-
turity Date 
is not an 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
(b) 
Zinstagequotient. Zinsen für einen beliebi-
gen Zeitraum [im Falle einer kurzen oder 
langen ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: 
(ausgenommen ist ein etwaiger Zeitraum, 
für den ein Bruchteilzinsbetrag festgelegt 
ist)] werden auf der Grundlage des Zinsta-
gequotienten berechnet.
(b) 
Day Count Fraction. If interest is required to 
be calculated for any period of time [in 
case of a short or long first coupon in-
sert: (other than any period of time for 
which a broken interest amount has been 
fixed)], such interest shall be calculated on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction.
 
 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet bei der Be-
rechnung des Zinsbetrages für einen belie-
bigen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag, 
an dem dieser fällig wird (ausschließlich)) 
(der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"):
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and 
including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the day on which it falls due) (the 
"Calculation Period"):
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
Methode 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum der Feststellungsperiode ent-
spricht, in die er fällt, oder kürzer 
als diese ist, die Anzahl von Tagen 
in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt aus (A) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in der betref-
fenden Feststellungsperiode und 
(B) der Anzahl der Feststellungspe-
rioden, die üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of 
(A) the number of days in such De-
termination Period and (B) the 
number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
applies, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
(ii) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum länger als eine Feststellungs-
periode ist, die Summe aus
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer 
than one Determination Period, 
the sum of:
 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem betreffenden Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, die in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, in der der Zinsbe-
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling 
in the Determination Pe-
riod in which the Calcula-
tion Period begins divided 
by the product of (1) the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
rechnungszeitraum 
be-
ginnt, dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der Tage in der betreffen-
den Feststellungsperiode 
und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr enden; und 
number of days in such De-
termination Period and (2) 
the number of Determina-
tion Periods normally end-
ing in any year; and 
 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die 
nachfolgende 
Feststel-
lungsperiode fallen, divi-
diert durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und 
(2) der Anzahl der Feststel-
lungsperioden, die übli-
cherweise in einem Jahr 
enden.
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling 
in the next Determination 
Period divided by the prod-
uct of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any 
year 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes:
Where:
 
"Feststellungstermin" bezeichnet jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) einfügen]; 
"Determination Date" means each [insert 
Determination Date(s)];
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" bezeichnet jeden 
Zeitraum ab einem Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), der in ein beliebiges Jahr 
fällt, bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich).
"Determination Period" means each pe-
riod from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next 
Determination Date. 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, falls ein Teil dieses Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die 
Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
der Tage in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, divi-
diert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche An-
zahl der Tage in dem Teil des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums, die nicht in ein Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 365).
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Pe-
riod falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period not fall-
ing in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" ap-
plies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 
(Fi-
xed)" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 
(Fixed)" 
applies, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 37 ---
37
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" 
Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Zins-
berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the Calcula-
tion Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" 
ap-
plies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 360" 
oder Bond 
Basis Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum dividiert durch 360, (wobei die An-
zahl der Tage auf Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 30 Ta-
gen zu berechnen ist, (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, wäh-
rend der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt; in diesem Fall ist 
der Monat des letzten Tages des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraums nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln; o-
der (B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag 
des Monats Februar; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln).
the number of days in the Calculation Pe-
riod divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 
30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calcu-
lation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of Feb-
ruary shall not be considered to be length-
ened to a 30-day month). 
If 
"30 / 
360" 
or 
"360 / 360" 
or 
Bond 
Basis ap-
plies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder "Euro-
bond Ba-
sis" 
Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Be-
rücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitrau-
mes). 
the number of days in the Calculation Pe-
riod divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months, without re-
gard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Calculation Period). 
If 
"30E / 
360" 
or 
"Eurobond 
Basis" ap-
plies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
(c) 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem 
Ende des Tages, der dem Tag vorausgeht, 
an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. 
Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, en-
det die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht am Tag vor dem Fälligkeitstag, son-
dern erst an dem Ende des Tages, der dem 
Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht. Der je-
weils geltende Zinssatz wird gemäß die-
sem § 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende Ansprü-
che der Anleihegläubiger bleiben unbe-
rührt.]
(c) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes 
shall cease to bear interest from the end of 
the day preceding their due date for re-
demption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the due date 
until the end of the day preceding the ac-
tual redemption of the Notes. The applica-
ble rate of interest will be determined in ac-
cordance with this § 3. This does not affect 
any additional rights that might be availa-
ble to the Noteholders.] 
 
 
[Im Falle von unverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen:
[In the case of Non-Interest-Bearing Notes in-
sert:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
§ 3
Keine Zinsen
§ 3
No Interest
 
(a) 
Auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
keine periodischen Zinszahlungen geleis-
tet.
(a) 
There will not be any periodic payments of 
interest on the Notes. 
 
 
(b) 
Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlen, 
fallen ab dem Tag, an dem die Schuldver-
schreibungen zur Rückzahlung fällig wur-
den (einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag der tat-
sächlichen Zahlung an das Clearing Sys-
tem (ausschließlich) auf den ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
Zinsen in Höhe des gesetzlichen Verzugs-
zinssatzes an.]
(b) 
If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when 
due, default interest shall accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
from and including the date on which the 
Notes fell due for redemption to but ex-
cluding the date of actual payment to the 
Clearing System at the statutory default in-
terest rate.] 
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits insgesamt oder teilweise zu-
rückgezahlt oder angekauft und eingezo-
gen, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Festgelegten Nennbetrag an dem 
[Endfälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Endfäl-
ligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt.  
(a) 
Redemption at maturity. To the extent not 
previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled the Notes shall 
be redeemed at their Specified Denomina-
tion on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Ma-
turity Date").  
 
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Eintritt eines 
Gross-Up-Ereignisses.
(b) 
Early redemption following a Gross-Up 
Event.
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-Up-Ereignis (wie nachste-
hend definiert) eintritt, ist die Emittentin be-
rechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen jeder-
zeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Erklärung gemäß § 4(d) unter Ein-
haltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 15 
Tagen zu kündigen. Die Emittentin ist ver-
pflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung an 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung festge-
legten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem Festge-
legten Nennbetrag [im Fall von festver-
zinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfü-
gen: zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen] zu-
rückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross-Up Event (as defined below) oc-
curs, the Issuer may call and redeem the 
Notes (in whole but not in part) at any time 
on giving not less than 15 days' notice in ac-
cordance with § 4(d). The Issuer shall re-
deem each Note at its Specified Denomi-
nation [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: together with accrued interest] on 
the redemption date specified in the notice. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfol-
gen, an dem die Emittentin erstmals ver-
pflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in 
§ 6 definiert) zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig 
wäre.
No such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the ear-
liest date on which the Issuer would be for 
the first time obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 6) were a pay-
ment in respect of the Notes then due.  
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Ein "Gross-Up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkann-
ten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emit-
tentin dem Fiscal Agent eine Kopie davon 
überlässt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass auf-
grund einer Änderung oder Klarstellung 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion 
of a recognized law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has pro-
vided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws,

--- Page 39 ---
39
von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder sonsti-
gen Vorschriften, oder aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung der Auslegung o-
der Anwendung, oder aufgrund einer erst-
maligen Auslegung oder Anwendung die-
ser Gesetze, Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften durch eine gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Be-
hörde (einschließlich des Erlasses von Ge-
setzen sowie der Bekanntmachung von 
Entscheidungen eines Gerichts oder einer 
Behörde) die Emittentin verpflichtet ist o-
der verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Be-
träge gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu zahlen, wenn die Änderung o-
der Klarstellung an oder nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der ersten Tranche der Schuld-
verschreibungen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich 
des Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung 
oder Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwendung 
findet), und die Emittentin diese Verpflich-
tung nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maß-
nahmen ergreift, die sie nach Treu und 
Glauben für zumutbar und angemessen 
hält.
regulations or other rules, or as a result of 
any change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the interpretation or application, or 
as a result of any interpretation or applica-
tion made for the first time, of any such 
laws, regulations or other rules by any leg-
islative body, court or authority (including 
the enactment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first tranche of the 
Notes (including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retroactive 
effect), the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursu-
ant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
such measures it (acting in good faith) 
deems reasonable and appropriate. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfol-
gen, an dem die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche 
Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen dann fällig wäre, bzw. nicht früher als 
90 Tage vor dem Tag, an dem frühestens 
eine ordnungsgemäße Zahlungsaufforde-
rung unter der Garantie erfolgen könnte.
No such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the ear-
liest date on which the Issuer or the Guar-
antor would be for the first time obliged to 
pay any Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 6) were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due or (as the case may be) not earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date of a 
demand for payment to be duly made un-
der the Guarantee.
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
Ein "Gross-Up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin ein Gutach-
ten einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei vor-
liegt (und die Emittentin oder die Garantin 
dem Fiscal Agent eine Kopie davon über-
lässt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass aufgrund 
einer Änderung oder Klarstellung von Ge-
setzen, Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften, oder aufgrund einer Änderung o-
der Klarstellung der Auslegung oder An-
wendung, oder aufgrund einer erstmaligen 
Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser Ge-
setze, Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften durch eine gesetzgebende Kör-
perschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Behörde 
(einschließlich des Erlasses von Gesetzen 
sowie der Bekanntmachung von Entschei-
dungen eines Gerichts oder einer Behörde) 
die Emittentin verpflichtet ist oder ver-
pflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge ge-
mäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion 
of a recognized law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer or the Guarantor (and the 
Issuer or the Guarantor has provided the 
Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating 
that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of 
any change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the interpretation or application, or 
as a result of any interpretation or applica-
tion made for the first time, of any such 
laws, regulations or other rules by any leg-
islative body, court or authority (including 
the enactment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first tranche of the 
Notes (including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retroactive

--- Page 40 ---
40 
zahlen, oder die Garantin verpflichtet ist o-
der verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Be-
träge auf fällige Beträge aus der Garantie 
zu zahlen, wenn die Änderung oder Klar-
stellung an oder nach dem Tag der Bege-
bung der ersten Tranche der Schuldver-
schreibungen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich 
des Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung 
oder Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwendung 
findet), und die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin diese Verpflichtung nicht abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die 
sie nach Treu und Glauben für zumutbar 
und angemessen hält.
effect), the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursu-
ant to § 6 on the Notes or the Guarantor 
has or will become obliged to pay Addi-
tional Amounts in respect of payments due 
under the Guarantee, and that obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, 
respectively, 
taking 
such 
measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Eintritt eines Steuerereignisses] [und] 
[,] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin] [und Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
wegen 
eines geringen 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags].
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer] [Early redemption following a Tax 
Event] [and] [,] [Early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer] [and Early redemption 
for a minimal outstanding principal 
amount]. 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor dem Endfällig-
keitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach Maß-
gabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, otherwise than 
provided in § 4(b). 
If 
Notes 
are 
not 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
pursuant 
to 
§ 4(c), 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
Eintritt ei-
nes Steuer-
ereignisses 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(i)] 
Sofern ein Steuerereignis (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teil-
weise) durch Erklärung gemäß 
§ 4(d) unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen zu 
kündigen. Die Emittentin ist ver-
pflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem in der Kündigungser-
klärung 
festgelegten 
Rückzah-
lungstag zu ihrem Festgelegten 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufe-
ner Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.
[(i)] 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) 
occurs, the Issuer may call and re-
deem the Notes (in whole but not 
in part) at any time on giving not 
less than 15 days' notice in accord-
ance with § 4(d). The Issuer shall re-
deem each Note at its Specified 
Denomination together with ac-
crued interest on the redemption 
date specified in the notice. 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer fol-
lowing 
a 
Tax Event, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses 
darf eine solche Kündigungserklä-
rung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
In the case of a Tax Event, no such 
notice of redemption may be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the 
date, on which the deductibility of

--- Page 41 ---
41
dem Tag erfolgen, an dem die Ab-
zugsfähigkeit des Zinsaufwands 
entfallen würde. 
the interest expense would fall 
away. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn 
der Emittentin ein Gutachten einer 
anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei vor-
liegt (und die Emittentin dem Fiscal 
Agent eine Kopie davon überlässt), 
aus dem hervorgeht, dass auf-
grund einer Änderung oder Klar-
stellung von Gesetzen, Verordnun-
gen oder sonstigen Vorschriften, o-
der aufgrund einer Änderung oder 
Klarstellung der Auslegung oder 
Anwendung, oder aufgrund einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder An-
wendung dieser Gesetze, Verord-
nungen oder sonstigen Vorschrif-
ten durch eine gesetzgebende Kör-
perschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Be-
hörde (einschließlich des Erlasses 
von Gesetzen sowie der Bekannt-
machung von Entscheidungen ei-
nes Gerichts oder einer Behörde), 
der Zinsaufwand aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen für die Emittentin 
nicht mehr für die Zwecke der Er-
tragsteuer voll abzugsfähig ist, 
bzw. nicht mehr voll abzugsfähig 
sein wird, wenn die Änderung oder 
Klarstellung an oder nach dem Tag 
der Begebung der ersten Tranche 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Kraft tritt (einschließlich des Falles, 
dass die betreffende Änderung o-
der Klarstellung rückwirkend An-
wendung findet), und die Emitten-
tin dies nicht abwenden kann, in-
dem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die 
sie nach Treu und Glauben für zu-
mutbar und angemessen hält.
A "Tax Event" will occur if an opin-
ion of a recognized law firm has 
been delivered to the Issuer (and 
the Issuer has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating 
that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
laws, regulations or other rules, or 
as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as 
a result of any interpretation or ap-
plication made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court 
or authority (including the enact-
ment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any 
court or authority), which change, 
amendment or clarification be-
comes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first tranche of 
the Notes (including in case any 
such change, amendment or clari-
fication has retroactive effect), the 
interest expense in respect of the 
Notes is no longer, or will no longer 
be, fully deductible by the Issuer for 
income tax purposes, and that this 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking such measures it (acting in 
good faith) deems reasonable and 
appropriate. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin 
ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin dem 
Fiscal Agent eine Kopie davon 
überlässt), aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass aufgrund einer Änderung o-
der Klarstellung von Gesetzen, Ver-
ordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften, oder aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung der Aus-
A "Tax Event" will occur if an opin-
ion of a recognized law firm has 
been delivered to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (and the Issuer or the 
Guarantor has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating 
that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
laws, regulations or other rules, or 
as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
legung oder Anwendung, oder auf-
grund einer erstmaligen Ausle-
gung oder Anwendung dieser Ge-
setze, Verordnungen oder sonsti-
gen Vorschriften durch eine gesetz-
gebende Körperschaft, ein Gericht 
oder eine Behörde (einschließlich 
des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Ent-
scheidungen eines Gerichts oder 
einer Behörde), der Zinsaufwand 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
für die Emittentin nicht mehr für die 
Zwecke der Ertragsteuer voll ab-
zugsfähig ist, bzw. nicht mehr voll 
abzugsfähig sein wird, oder Be-
träge, die von der Garantin aus der 
Garantie zu zahlen sind, von der 
Garantin nicht mehr für die Zwecke 
der Ertragsteuer voll abzugsfähig 
sind, bzw. nicht mehr voll abzugs-
fähig sein werden, wenn die Ände-
rung oder Klarstellung an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
ersten Tranche der Schuldver-
schreibungen in Kraft tritt (ein-
schließlich des Falles, dass die be-
treffende Änderung oder Klarstel-
lung rückwirkend Anwendung fin-
det), und die Emittentin bzw. die 
Garantin dies nicht abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen er-
greift, die sie nach Treu und Glau-
ben für zumutbar und angemes-
sen hält.
a result of any interpretation or ap-
plication made for the first time, of 
any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court 
or authority (including the enact-
ment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any 
court or authority), which change, 
amendment or clarification be-
comes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first tranche of 
the Notes (including in case any 
such change, amendment or clari-
fication has retroactive effect), the 
interest expense in respect of the 
Notes is no longer, or will no longer 
be, fully deductible by the Issuer for 
income tax purposes or any 
amount payable by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee is no longer, 
or will no longer be, fully deducti-
ble by the Guarantor for income 
tax purposes, and that this cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, 
respectively, 
taking 
such measures it (acting in good 
faith) deems reasonable and ap-
propriate. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem / 
den 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teil-
weise) durch Erklärung gemäß 
§ 4(d) unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als fünf Tagen zu 
kündigen. Die Emittentin ist ver-
pflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschrei-
bung an dem in der Erklärung ge-
mäß § 4(d) festgelegten Call-Rück-
zahlungstag zu ihrem Festgeleg-
ten Nennbetrag [im Fall von fest-
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: zuzüglich auf-
gelaufener Zinsen] zurückzuzah-
len.
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may call and redeem the 
Notes (in whole but not in part) on 
the Call Redemption Date(s) on 
giving not less than five days' no-
tice in accordance with § 4(d). The 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at 
its Specified Denomination [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
together with accrued interest] on 
the Call Redemption Date fixed in 
the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). 
If 
Notes 
are subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer, the 
following 
applies: 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e)
Call Redemption Date(s)
 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfü-
gen]
 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]

--- Page 43 ---
43
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
we-
gen eines 
geringen 
ausstehen-
den Nenn-
betrags 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iii)] 
Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der aus-
stehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 25 % oder weniger des Ge-
samtnennbetrages der Schuldver-
schreibungen der Serie, die zuvor 
ausgegeben wurden, fällt, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, die Schuld-
verschreibungen jederzeit (insge-
samt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Erklärung gemäß § 4(d) un-
ter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht 
weniger als fünf Tagen zu kündi-
gen. Die Emittentin ist verpflichtet, 
jede Schuldverschreibung an dem 
in der Kündigungserklärung fest-
gelegten Rückzahlungstag zu ih-
rem Festgelegten Nennbetrag [im 
Fall von festverzinslichen Schuld-
verschreibungen einfügen: zu-
züglich aufgelaufener Zinsen] zu-
rückzuzahlen.
[(iii)] 
If at any time the aggregate princi-
pal amount of the Notes outstand-
ing is equal to or less than 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the Series 
previously issued, the Issuer may 
call and redeem the Notes (in 
whole but not in part) at any time 
on giving not less than five days' 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
The Issuer shall redeem each Note 
at its Specified Denomination [in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes in-
sert: together with accrued inter-
est] on the redemption date speci-
fied in the notice. 
If 
Notes 
are subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer for a 
minimal 
outstand-
ing princi-
pal 
amount, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung. Die Kündigung er-
folgt durch Mitteilung der Emittentin ge-
mäß § 11. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich. 
(d) 
Notice. The appropriate notice of redemp-
tion is a notice given by the Issuer in accord-
ance with § 11 which notice shall be irrevo-
cable. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung 
der Emittentin notiert sind und deren Re-
geln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlan-
gen, umgehend Mitteilung über die Kündi-
gung machen.
The Issuer will inform, if required by such 
stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer, such 
stock exchange as soon as possible of such 
redemption. 
 
 
(e) 
Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Anleihegläubigers.
(e) 
No early redemption at the option of a 
Noteholder.
 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen 
des § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von 
der Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to put 
the Notes for redemption otherwise than 
provided in § 8 at any time. 
 
(f)
Erwerb.
(f)
Purchase.
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften können jederzeit vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erwor-
bene Schuldverschreibungen können ein-
gezogen, gehalten oder wieder veräußert 
werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at 
any time and subject to mandatory provi-
sions of law purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. Such 
acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or 
resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin oder die Garantin oder jede 
ihrer jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften kön-
nen jederzeit vorbehaltlich zwingender ge-
setzlicher Regelungen Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf dem freien Markt oder ander-
weitig sowie zu jedem beliebigen Preis er-
werben. Derartig erworbene Schuldver-
schreibungen können eingezogen, gehal-
ten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective subsidiaries may at any time 
and subject to mandatory provisions of law 
purchase Notes in the open market or oth-
erwise and at any price. Such acquired 
Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital [im 
Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: und Zinsen] auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. [Im 
Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieft sind, erfolgt nach ordnungsgemä-
ßem Nachweis gemäß § 1(c).]
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: and inter-
est] on the Notes shall be made to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clear-
ing System. [In the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
shall be made, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(c).] 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital [im 
Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: und Zinsen] auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems.  
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: and inter-
est] on the Notes shall be made to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clear-
ing System.  
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
will 
be issued, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung ge-
leistet. Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Bezug auf 
diese Zahlungen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zah-
lungen stehen unter dem Vorbehalt gelten-
der steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien und Verordnungen 
oder Verträge, denen sich die Emittentin, 
der Fiscal Agent oder eine Zahlstelle unter-
worfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die 
Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche 
Beträge als Ausgleich für irgendwelche 
Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, 
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall 
be made in the Specified Currency. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such pay-
ments. All payments are subject to all ap-
plicable fiscal and other laws, directives 
and regulations or agreements to which 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent have agreed to be subject to. With-
out prejudice to the provisions of § 6, the Is-
suer will not be obliged to pay to the Note-
holders any additional amounts as com-
pensation for any taxes or duties of what-
ever nature imposed or levied by such fiscal 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 45 ---
45
die aufgrund solcher steuerlichen oder 
sonstigen gesetzlichen Vorschriften, Richtli-
nien oder Verordnungen oder Verträge 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an die An-
leihegläubiger zu zahlen.
and other laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung ge-
leistet. Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in Bezug auf 
diese Zahlungen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zah-
lungen stehen unter dem Vorbehalt gelten-
der steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien und Verordnungen 
oder Verträge, denen sich die Emittentin, 
die Garantin, der Fiscal Agent oder eine 
Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vorbehalt-
lich § 6 ist die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge als 
Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetz-
lichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verord-
nungen oder Verträge auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall 
be made in the Specified Currency. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such pay-
ments. All payments are subject to all ap-
plicable fiscal and other laws, directives 
and regulations or agreements to which 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent have agreed to be 
subject to. Without prejudice to the provi-
sions of § 6, the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor will not be obliged to 
pay to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or lev-
ied by such fiscal and other laws, regula-
tions, directives or agreements.  
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, für die 
die 
Wäh-
rungsum-
stellungs-
klausel an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Wenn [Name des EWU-Mitgliedsstaats] 
seine Staatsschulden auf eine andere 
Währung als Euro (die "Neue Währung") 
umstellt, wird mit Wirkung ab dem Tag die-
ser Umstellung (der "Umstellungstag") die 
Festgelegte Währung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen insgesamt, nicht jedoch teilweise, 
auf die Neue Währung umgestellt. Die 
Emittentin wird die Umstellung unverzüg-
lich gemäß § 11 bekannt machen. 
If [name EMU Member State] redenomi-
nates its public debt to a currency other 
than the Euro (the "New Currency"), the 
Specified Currency of the Notes in whole 
but not in part shall be redenominated to 
the New Currency with effect from the day 
of introduction of such New Currency (the 
"Redenomination Date"). The Issuer shall 
give notice of such fact without undue de-
lay in accordance with § 11. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
for 
which 
the 
re-
denomina-
tion clause 
is applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
Mit Wirkung ab dem Umstellungstag gilt 
jede in diesen Bedingungen enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf die Festgelegte Wäh-
rung als durch eine Bezugnahme auf die 
Neue Währung ersetzt und die Umstellung 
der Festgelegten Währung auf die Neue 
Währung als bewirkt. Die Emittentin wird 
den Festgelegten Nennbetrag und alle üb-
rigen sich aus einer Schuldverschreibung 
ergebenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen in 
die Neue Währung konvertieren, indem sie 
den offiziell für den Zeitpunkt der Umstel-
lung der Staatsschulden auf die Neue 
Währung festgelegten Umrechnungskurs 
anwendet und die sich ergebende Zahl auf 
die nächste kleinste Einheit der Neuen 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, 
any reference in these Conditions to the 
Specified Currency shall be deemed to be 
substituted by a reference to the New Cur-
rency and the redenomination of the Spec-
ified Currency to the New Currency shall be 
deemed to have been effected. The Issuer 
shall convert the Specified Denomination 
and any other payment obligation due un-
der a Note to the New Currency by apply-
ing the conversion rate officially fixed for 
the time of redenomination of the public 
debt and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest unit of the New Currency (with 
0.005 units being rounded upwards).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Währung rundet (wobei 0,005 Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden).
 
Die Mitteilung über die Umstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen hat folgende An-
gaben zu enthalten: (i) die Bezeichnung 
der umzustellenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen einschließlich ihrer Wertpapierken-
nungen, (ii) die Angabe des für den Zeit-
punkt der Umstellung der Staatsschulden 
auf die Neue Währung festgelegten Um-
rechnungskurses, (iii) den Umstellungstag 
und (iv) ggfs. Änderungen der Definition 
des Begriffs "Geschäftstag".
The notice regarding the redenomination 
of the Notes shall contain the following in-
formation: (i) the designation of the Notes 
to be redenominated and its securities 
identification numbers, (ii) the conversion 
rate officially fixed for the time of redenom-
ination of the public debt to the New Cur-
rency, (iii) the Redenomination Date and, if 
applicable, (iv) any adjustments to the def-
inition of the term "Business Day". 
 
 
Die vor der Umstellung anwendbare Defi-
nition des Begriffs "Geschäftstag" findet 
auch nach der Umstellung auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen Anwendung, es sei denn, 
die Emittentin legt in der Mitteilung der 
Umstellung der Schuldverschreibungen 
diejenige Definition des Begriffs "Ge-
schäftstag" fest, die mit der dann bestehen-
den oder erwarteten Marktpraxis für auf 
die Neue Währung lautenden Schuldver-
schreibungen, die in internationalen Clea-
ring Systemen gehalten werden, überein-
stimmt. 
The definition of the term "Business Day" 
that applies to the Notes prior to the re-
denomination shall also apply to the Notes 
after the redenomination, unless the Issuer, 
in the notice regarding the redenomination 
of the Notes elects to apply to the Notes 
such definition of the term "Business Day" 
which is consistent with the then existing or 
anticipated market practice for notes is-
sued in the New Currency and held in inter-
national clearing systems.  
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leis-
tung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem 
oder an dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungs-
pflicht befreit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the Clear-
ing System. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin 
wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
(d) 
Geschäftstage. Ist der Fälligkeitstag für 
eine Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
(d) 
Business Days. If any due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not 
a Business Day, it will be postponed to the

--- Page 47 ---
47
schreibung kein Geschäftstag, wird der Fäl-
ligkeitstag auf den nächsten Tag verscho-
ben, der ein Geschäftstag ist. Für eine sol-
che Zahlungsverzögerung werden keine 
weiteren Zinsen gezahlt.
next day which is a Business Day. No fur-
ther interest shall be paid in respect of the 
delay in such payment. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet
"Business Day" means a day which is
Falls 
die 
Festge-
legte Wäh-
rung nicht 
Euro 
ist, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln 
und (ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisen-
märkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanz-
zentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System is 
open to effect payments and (ii) commer-
cial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in [insert all relevant finan-
cial centers]. 
If the Spec-
ified 
Cur-
rency is not 
Euro, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Falls 
die 
Festge-
legte Wäh-
rung Euro 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), (i) an dem das Clearingsystem 
und (ii) alle betroffenen Bereiche des 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen ab-
zuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System, and 
(ii) all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Ex-
press Transfer system 2 (TARGET) are open 
to effect payments. 
If the Spec-
ified 
Cur-
rency 
is 
Euro, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
(e) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Be-
zugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf 
Kapital und Zinsen schließen, soweit an-
wendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 6 zahlbaren 
Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie dort definiert) 
ein. 
(e) 
References to Principal and Interest. Refer-
ences in these Conditions to principal and 
interest on the Notes include, to the extent 
applicable, all Additional Amounts paya-
ble pursuant to § 6 (as defined therein). 
 
§ 6
Besteuerung
§ 6
Taxation
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz SE 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug von Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder be-
hördlicher Gebühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steu-
ern"), die von dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, oder einer seiner Gebietskör-
perschaften oder einer seiner zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen 
Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehal-
ten oder festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emit-
tentin kraft Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechts-
vorschrift zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu einem sol-
chen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird die 
Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen 
Beträge") an die Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass 
die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge erhalten, die sie 
ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug er-
halten hätten. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind je-
doch nicht zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug 
auf Schuldverschreibungen,
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will 
be paid free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or as-
sessed by the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such country 
having power to tax, unless the Issuer is compelled 
by law to make such withholding or deduction. If 
the Issuer is required to make such withholding or 
deduction, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Note-
holders as the Noteholders would have received if 
no such withholding or deduction had been re-
quired, except that no such Additional Amounts will 
be payable for any such Taxes in respect of any 
Note: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, 
die nicht nur aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft 
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by 
reason of the relevant Noteholder having 
some connection with the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes other than the 
mere holding of that Note; or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
der Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzu-
behalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichba-
ren Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung ei-
nes Erstattungsanspruches hätte vermei-
den können, aber nicht vermieden hat; o-
der
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would be able to avoid by pre-
senting any form or certificate and/or mak-
ing a declaration of non-residence or simi-
lar claim for exemption or refund but fails 
to do so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Ver-
ordnung der Europäischen Union betref-
fend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen o-
der (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinba-
rung, eines zwischenstaatlichen Abkom-
mens oder einer zwischenstaatlichen Ver-
ständigung über deren Besteuerung, an 
der der Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuer-
lich ansässig ist oder die Europäische Union 
beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vor-
schrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, 
Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder dieses 
Abkommen umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuzie-
hen oder einzubehalten sind; oder
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pur-
suant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of in-
terest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty, agreement or understanding relat-
ing to such taxation and to which the Issu-
er's country of domicile for tax purposes or 
the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or comply-
ing with, or introduced to conform with, 
such Directive, Regulation, treaty, agree-
ment or understanding; or 
 
 
(d) 
im Falle einer Kombination der vorgenann-
ten Varianten. 
(d) 
in the case of any combination of the 
above items. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Be-
träge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestim-
mungen), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, 
gemäß den in einer anderen Rechtsordnung in Zu-
sammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen erlasse-
nen Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit 
dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen von der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahl-
stelle oder einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen 
oder einbehalten wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder Anleihegläubiger in Bezug auf einen FATCA-
Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any obligation 
to pay additional amounts deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent or any 
other party in relation to any withholding or deduc-
tion of any amounts required by the rules of U.S. In-
ternal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 
(or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant 
to any inter-governmental agreement, or imple-
menting legislation adopted by another jurisdic-
tion in connection with these provisions, or pursuant 
to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("FATCA Withholding"), or to indemnify any 
Noteholder in relation to any FATCA Withholding.  
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge (einschließlich sämtlicher von der 
Garantin auf die Garantie zu zahlender Beträge) 
werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Ge-
bühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansäs-
sig ist bzw. von dem Staat, in dem die Garantin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer deren jeweiligen 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer deren jeweiligen 
zur Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes (in-
cluding all amounts to be paid by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee) will be paid free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, lev-
ied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes or the Guaran-
tor's country of domicile for tax purposes (respec-
tively) or any of their respective political subdivi-
sions or any authority or any other agency of or in 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 49 ---
49
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
oder sonstigen Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, einge-
zogen, einbehalten oder festgesetzt werden, so-
fern nicht die Emittentin oder die Garantin kraft Ge-
setzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. 
Sofern die Emittentin oder die Garantin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird 
die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin zusätzliche Be-
träge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihe-
gläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die 
Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden 
Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zu-
sätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar we-
gen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
any such country having power to tax, unless the Is-
suer or the Guarantor is compelled by law to make 
such withholding or deduction. If the Issuer or the 
Guarantor is required to make such withholding or 
deduction, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) will pay such additional amounts (the "Ad-
ditional Amounts") to the Noteholders as the 
Noteholders would have received if no such with-
holding or deduction had been required, except 
that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist 
bzw. zu dem Staat, in dem die Garantin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur aus der 
bloßen Inhaberschaft der Schuldverschrei-
bungen besteht, einzubehalten oder abzu-
ziehen sind; oder 
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by 
reason of the relevant Noteholder having 
some connection with the Issuer's country 
of domicile for tax purposes or the Guaran-
tor's country of domicile for tax purposes 
other than the mere holding of that Note; 
or  
 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichba-
ren Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung ei-
nes Erstattungsanspruches hätte vermei-
den können, aber nicht vermieden hat; o-
der
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would be able to avoid by pre-
senting any form or certificate and/or mak-
ing a declaration of non-residence or simi-
lar claim for exemption or refund but fails 
to do so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Ver-
ordnung der Europäischen Union betref-
fend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen o-
der (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinba-
rung, eines zwischenstaatlichen Abkom-
mens oder einer zwischenstaatlichen Ver-
ständigung über deren Besteuerung, an 
der der Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuer-
lich ansässig ist bzw. der Staat, in dem die 
Garantin steuerlich ansässig ist oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) ei-
ner gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richt-
linie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständi-
gung oder dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten 
sind; oder
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pur-
suant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of in-
terest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty, agreement or understanding relat-
ing to such taxation and to which the Issu-
er's country of domicile for tax purposes or 
the Guarantor's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or the European Union is a party, 
or (iii) any provision of law implementing, 
or complying with, or introduced to con-
form with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
 
 
[falls auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwend-
bar, einfügen: 
(d)  
aufgrund des niederländischen Quellen-
steuergesetzes 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021) zahlbar sind; oder]
[if applicable to the Notes insert: 
(d)  
where such withholding or deduction is re-
quired to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding 
Tax 
Act 
2021 
(Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or]
 
 
[(d)][(e)] im Falle einer Kombination der vorge-
nannten Varianten.
[(d)][(e)] in the case of any combination of the 
above items.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin sind ver-
pflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, die 
gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Re-
venue Code (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß zwi-
schenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchführungs-
vorschriften oder gemäß mit dem U.S. Internal Re-
venue Service geschlossenen Verträgen von der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder einem 
anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten 
wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") oder Anleihegläu-
biger in Bezug auf einen FATCA-Steuerabzug 
schadlos zu halten.
In any event, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
will have any obligation to pay additional amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the relevant 
Paying Agent or any other party in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 
1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these pro-
visions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"), 
or to indemnify any Noteholder in relation to any 
FATCA Withholding. 
 
§ 7
Vorlegung, Verjährung
§ 7
Presentation, Prescription
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation. The period for presentation 
of Notes due, as established in § 801 para-
graph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), is re-
duced to ten years.
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für in-
nerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung 
vorgelegte 
Schuldverschreibungen be-
trägt zwei Jahre von dem Ende der betref-
fenden Vorlegungsfrist an.
(b) 
Prescription. The period for prescription for 
Notes presented for payment during the 
presentation period shall be two years be-
ginning at the end of the relevant presen-
tation period.
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläu-
biger
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz SE 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann ein Anleihegläubiger seine Schuld-
verschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Textform an 
die Emittentin, die bei der Emittentin oder bei dem 
Fiscal Agent abzugeben ist, kündigen. Der Benach-
richtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Anleihegläubiger 
zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. 
Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank oder auf andere geeignete Weise er-
bracht werden. Die Schuldverschreibungen des An-
leihegläubigers werden daraufhin sofort zu ihrem 
Festgelegten Nennbetrag [im Fall von festver-
zinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: zu-
züglich aufgelaufener Zinsen], ohne weitere Hand-
lungen oder Formalitäten fällig:
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
than any Note may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or, 
alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evi-
dence that such Noteholder at the time of such no-
tice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of its depositary bank or in any other ap-
propriate manner, be declared due and payable, 
whereupon such Note will become immediately 
due and payable at their Specified Denomination 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: plus ac-
crued interest] without further action or formality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin zahlt [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: Zins- oder] Kapitalbe-
träge in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen nicht innerhalb von 30 Geschäftstagen 
nach Fälligkeit; oder
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer to pay 
any amount of [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert: interest or] principal in re-
spect of the Notes within 30 business days 
of the due date for payment of that 
amount; or

--- Page 51 ---
51
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin unterlässt die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner 
sonstigen wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen, und die Unter-
lassung dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Anleihegläu-
biger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obliga-
tions. The Issuer fails to duly perform any 
other material obligation arising under the 
Notes and any such failure continues for 
more than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has received notice thereof from a Note-
holder; or 
 
(c)
Insolvenz etc.
(c)
Insolvency etc.
 
(i) 
die Emittentin gibt ihre Zahlungs-
unfähigkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen ein, oder 
(i) 
the Issuer announces its inability to 
meet 
its 
financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or suspends 
payments; or
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenz-
verfahren gegen die Emittentin; o-
der
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceed-
ings against the Issuer; or  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin geht in die Liquida-
tion oder wird abgewickelt oder 
aufgelöst (sofern dies nicht für die 
Zwecke oder als Folge eines Zu-
sammenschlusses, einer Umstruk-
turierung oder Sanierung ge-
schieht, bei dem bzw. der die Emit-
tentin noch zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentlichen alle 
Vermögenswerte und Verpflich-
tungen der Emittentin übernimmt).
(iii) 
the Issuer enters into a winding up 
or dissolution and liquidation 
(other than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, re-
organization or restructuring whilst 
solvent, where the continuing entity 
assumes substantially all of the as-
sets and obligations of the Issuer). 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann ein Anleihegläubiger seine Schuld-
verschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Textform an 
die Emittentin und die Garantin, die bei der Emit-
tentin und der Garantin oder bei dem Fiscal Agent 
abzugeben ist, kündigen. Der Benachrichtigung ist 
ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass 
der betreffende Anleihegläubiger zum Zeitpunkt 
der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der be-
treffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis 
kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank o-
der auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen des Anleihegläubigers 
werden daraufhin sofort zu ihrem Festgelegten 
Nennbetrag [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: zuzüglich auf-
gelaufener Zinsen], ohne weitere Handlungen o-
der Formalitäten fällig:
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
than any Note may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and deliv-
ered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or, alterna-
tively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evidence that 
such Noteholder at the time of such notice is a 
holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certifi-
cate of its depositary bank or in any other appro-
priate manner, be declared due and payable, 
whereupon such Note will become immediately 
due and payable at their Specified Denomination 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: plus ac-
crued interest] without further action or formality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:  
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin oder die Ga-
rantin zahlt [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: Zins- 
oder] Kapitalbeträge in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay any amount of [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: interest 
or] principal in respect of the Notes within 
30 business days of the due date for pay-
ment of that amount; or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; o-
der 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin oder die Ga-
rantin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Er-
füllung irgendeiner sonstigen wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder der Garantie, und die Unterlas-
sung dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, nach-
dem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Be-
nachrichtigung von einem Anleihegläubi-
ger erhalten hat; oder
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obliga-
tions. The Issuer or the Guarantor fails to 
duly perform any other material obligation 
arising under the Notes or the Guarantee, 
as the case may be, and any such failure 
continues for more than 60 days after the 
Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof 
from a Noteholder; or 
 
(c)
Insolvenz etc.
(c)
Insolvency etc.
 
(i) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit be-
kannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein oder die Emittentin beantragt 
ein "surseance van betaling" (im 
Sinne des niederländischen Insol-
venzrechts), oder 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor an-
nounces its inability to meet its fi-
nancial obligations (Zahlungsun-
fähigkeit) or suspends payments or 
the Issuer applies for a "surseance 
van betaling" (within the meaning 
of the bankruptcy laws of The 
Netherlands); or
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenz-
verfahren gegen die Emittentin o-
der die Garantin; oder
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceed-
ings against the Issuer or the Guar-
antor; or 
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin 
geht in die Liquidation oder wird 
abgewickelt oder aufgelöst (sofern 
dies nicht für die Zwecke oder als 
Folge eines Zusammenschlusses, 
einer Umstrukturierung oder Sa-
nierung geschieht, bei dem bzw. 
der die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin noch zahlungsfähig ist und bei 
dem bzw. der die fortführende Ge-
sellschaft im Wesentlichen alle Ver-
mögenswerte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin 
übernimmt); oder
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor enters 
into a winding up or dissolution 
and liquidation (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganization or 
restructuring whilst solvent, where 
the continuing entity assumes sub-
stantially all of the assets and obli-
gations of the Issuer (or the Guar-
antor, as the case may be)); or 
 
 
(d) 
Unwirksamkeit der Garantie. Die Garantie 
wird mit rechtskräftiger Entscheidung eines 
zuständigen Gerichts für nicht vollumfäng-
lich wirksam erklärt, oder die Garantin be-
hauptet einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit 
und dieser Mangel wird nicht innerhalb 
von zehn Geschäftstagen behoben.
(d) 
Guarantee not in force. The Guarantee is 
determined by the final decision of a com-
petent court or is claimed by the Guarantor 
not to be in full force and effect and such 
defect is not corrected within ten business 
days. 
 
§ 9
Fiscal Agent, Zahlstelle(n) 
§ 9
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle sind 
nachstehend mit den benannten anfängli-
chen Geschäftsstellen aufgeführt:
(a) 
Appointment, specified office. The Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent and their re-
spective initial specified offices are as fol-
lows:

--- Page 53 ---
53
 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberu-
fung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (ge-
meinsam mit der vorgenannten Zahlstelle, 
die "Zahlstellen" und jede eine "Zahl-
stelle") zu benennen. 
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (to-
gether with the Paying Agent specified 
above, the "Paying Agents" and each a 
"Paying Agent"). 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht 
vor, die Ernennung des Fiscal Agent und 
der Zahlstellen jederzeit anders zu regeln 
oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass je-
derzeit (i) ein Fiscal Agent, (ii) eine Zahl-
stelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle in einem 
Land auf dem europäischen Festland und 
(iii) so lange die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an einer 
Börse notiert werden, eine Zahlstelle mit ei-
ner benannten Geschäftsstelle in dem von 
der betreffenden Börse vorgeschriebenen 
Land bestimmt ist. Der Fiscal Agent und et-
waige Zahlstellen behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils benann-
ten Geschäftsstelle eine andere Geschäfts-
stelle in demselben Land zu bestimmen. 
Mitteilungen hinsichtlich aller Veränderun-
gen im Hinblick auf den Fiscal Agent und 
etwaige Zahlstellen erfolgen unverzüglich 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 11.
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fis-
cal Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent with a speci-
fied office in a continental European coun-
try and (iii) so long as the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange at the initiative of the 
Issuer, a Paying Agent with a specified of-
fice in such country as may be required by 
the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
The Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agent re-
serve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same country. Notice 
of all changes in the identities or specified 
offices of the Fiscal Agent and any Paying 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fis-
cal Agent und die Zahlstelle(n) handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emitten-
tin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtun-
gen gegenüber dem Anleihegläubiger; es 
wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhält-
nis zwischen ihnen und dem Anleihegläubi-
ger begründet.
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agent(s) act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obliga-
tions towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for the Noteholder. 
 
§ 10
Schuldnerersetzung
§ 10
Issuer Substitution
(a)
Ersetzung.
(a)
Substitution.
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, eine 
andere Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indi-
rekt von der Emittentin kontrolliert wird, als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen ergebenden Verpflichtungen mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emitten-
tin an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen 
(die "Neue Emittentin"), sofern
The Issuer may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, substitute for 
the Issuer any other company which is di-
rectly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, 
as new issuer (the "New Issuer") in respect 
of all obligations arising under or in con-
nection with the Notes with the effect of re-
leasing the Issuer of all such obligations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus o-
der im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über-
nimmt und, sofern eine Zustellung 
an die Neue Emittentin außerhalb 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
erfolgen müsste, einen Zustel-
lungsbevollmächtigten in der Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland bestellt;
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the 
Notes and, if service of process vis-
à-vis the New Issuer would have to 
be effected outside the Federal Re-
public of Germany, appoints a pro-
cess agent within the Federal Re-
public of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen erforder-
lichen Beträge in der Festgelegten 
Währung an das Clearingsystem 
oder den Fiscal Agent zu zahlen, 
und zwar ohne Abzug oder Einbe-
halt von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben jedweder Art, die von 
dem Land (oder den Ländern), in 
dem (in denen) die Neue Emitten-
tin steuerlich ansässig ist, aufer-
legt, eingezogen, einbehalten, fest-
gesetzt oder erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to 
pay to the Clearing System or the 
Fiscal Agent in the Specified Cur-
rency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other du-
ties of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld, as-
sessed or charged by the country 
(or countries) in which the New Is-
suer has its domicile for tax pur-
poses all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obli-
gations arising from or in connec-
tion with the Notes;  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwi-
derruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen zu Bedingungen 
garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder Anleihegläubiger wirtschaft-
lich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie 
er ohne die Ersetzung stehen 
würde.
(iii) 
the Issuer irrevocably and uncondi-
tionally guarantees such obliga-
tions of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as 
favorable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had 
not taken place.
 
(b)
Bezugnahmen.
(b)
References.
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezug-
nahme in diesen Bedingungen auf 
die Emittentin als eine solche auf 
die Neue Emittentin.
(i) 
In the event of a substitution pursu-
ant to § 10(a), any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall 
be a reference to the New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies 
nur gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn 
und Zweck der jeweiligen Bedin-
gung ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme 
entweder weiterhin nur auf die Alli-
anz SE erfolgen soll, oder dass die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emit-
tentin und gleichzeitig auch auf die 
Allianz SE, im Hinblick auf deren je-
weilige steuerliche Ansässigkeit 
und die Verpflichtungen der Alli-
anz SE aus der Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) erfolgen soll.
For the avoidance of doubt this 
shall apply only to the extent that 
the meaning and purpose of the 
relevant condition requires that the 
relevant reference shall continue to 
be a reference only to Allianz SE, or 
that the reference shall be to the 
New Issuer and Allianz SE, in rela-
tion to their respective domicile for 
tax purposes and to Allianz SE's 
obligations under the guarantee 
pursuant to § 10(a)(iii), at the same 
time.

--- Page 55 ---
55
 
(ii) 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungs-
grund als aufgenommen, der dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) mit rechtskräftiger Ent-
scheidung eines zuständigen Ge-
richts für nicht vollumfänglich wirk-
sam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin 
einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit be-
hauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftsta-
gen behoben wird.
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default 
shall be deemed to have been in-
cluded; such event of default shall 
exist in the case that the Guarantee 
pursuant to § 10(a)(iii) is deter-
mined by the final decision of a 
competent court or is claimed by 
the Guarantor not to be in full force 
and effect and such defect is not 
corrected within ten business days. 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berech-
tigt, ohne Zustimmung der Anleihe-
gläubiger, die Garantin oder eine 
andere Gesellschaft, die direkt o-
der indirekt von der Garantin kon-
trolliert wird, als neue Emittentin 
für alle sich aus oder im Zusam-
menhang mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen ergebenden Verpflichtun-
gen mit schuldbefreiender Wir-
kung für die Emittentin an die 
Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die 
"Neue Emittentin"), sofern
The Issuer may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for the Issuer either the 
Guarantor or any other company 
which is directly or indirectly con-
trolled by the Guarantor as new is-
suer (the "New Issuer") in respect of 
all obligations arising under or in 
connection with the Notes with the 
effect of releasing the Issuer of all 
such obligations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:  
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus o-
der im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über-
nimmt und, sofern eine Zustellung 
an die Neue Emittentin außerhalb 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
erfolgen müsste, einen Zustel-
lungsbevollmächtigten in der Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland bestellt;
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and 
all obligations of the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the 
Notes and, if service of process vis-
à-vis the New Issuer would have to 
be effected outside the Federal Re-
public of Germany, appoints a pro-
cess agent within the Federal Re-
public of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen erforder-
lichen Beträge in der Festgelegten 
Währung an das Clearingsystem 
oder den Fiscal Agent zu zahlen, 
und zwar ohne Abzug oder Einbe-
halt von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben jedweder Art, die von 
dem Land (oder den Ländern), in 
dem (in denen) die Neue Emitten-
tin steuerlich ansässig ist, aufer-
legt, eingezogen, einbehalten, fest-
gesetzt oder erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to 
pay to the Clearing System or the 
Fiscal Agent in the Specified Cur-
rency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other du-
ties of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld, as-
sessed or charged by the country 
(or countries) in which the New Is-
suer has its domicile for tax pur-
poses all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obli-
gations arising from or in connec-
tion with the Notes;  
 
 
(iii) 
die Garantin (außer in dem Fall, 
dass sie selbst die Neue Emittentin 
ist) unbedingt und unwiderruflich 
die Verpflichtungen der Neuen 
(iii) 
the Guarantor (except in the case 
that the Guarantor itself is the New 
Issuer) irrevocably and uncondi-

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Emittentin aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen zu Bedingungen ga-
rantiert, die sicherstellen, dass je-
der Anleihegläubiger wirtschaft-
lich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie 
er ohne die Ersetzung stehen 
würde. 
tionally guarantees such obliga-
tions of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as 
favorable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had 
not taken place.
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Schuldnerer-
setzung gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezug-
nahme in diesen Bedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche auf die Neue 
Emittentin.
(b)  
References. In the event of a substitution 
pursuant to § 10(a), any reference in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall be a reference 
to the New Issuer. 
 
 
(c) 
Mitteilung und Wirksamwerden der Erset-
zung. Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist ge-
mäß § 11 mitzuteilen. Mit der Mitteilung 
der Ersetzung wird die Ersetzung wirksam 
und die Emittentin und im Fall einer wieder-
holten Anwendung dieses § 10 jede frühere 
Neue Emittentin von ihren sämtlichen Ver-
pflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen frei.  
(c) 
Notice and effectiveness of substitution. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer shall 
be given by notice in accordance with § 11. 
Upon such publication, the substitution 
shall become effective, and the Issuer and 
in the event of a repeated application of 
this § 10, any previous New Issuer shall be 
discharged from any and all obligations 
under the Notes.  
 
§ 11
Mitteilungen
§ 11
Notices
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der 
Lu-
xembur-
ger Börse 
notiert 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle Mitteilungen, die 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, wer-
den [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Allianz SE begeben werden, 
einfügen: im Bundesanzeiger und] (so-
lange die Schuldverschreibungen am gere-
gelten Markt der Luxemburger Wertpa-
pierbörse notiert sind) auf der Internet-
Seite der Luxemburger Börse (derzeit 
"www.bourse.lu") veröffentlicht. Jede sol-
che Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten Veröf-
fentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.
(a) 
Publications. All notices regarding the 
Notes will be published [in the case of 
Notes issued by Allianz SE, insert: in the 
Federal Gazette and] (so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange's regulated market) 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (currently "www.bourse.lu"). Any 
such notice will become effective for all 
purposes on the date of the first such pub-
lication. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
listed 
on 
the Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Ex-
change, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. So-
lange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet 
§ 11(a) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
§ 11(a) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clea-
ringsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Anlei-
hegläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mit-
teilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als 
den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as 
any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, § 11(a) shall apply. If the 
Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so permit, the Issuer may deliver the rele-
vant notice to the Clearing System for com-
munication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set 
forth in § 11(a) above; any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been validly given on 
the fifth day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
nicht 
auf 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger übermit-
teln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
not listed

--- Page 57 ---
57
Veranlas-
sung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
einer 
Börse no-
tiert 
sind, 
ist Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar: 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsys-
tem als den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
on the fifth day after the day on which the said no-
tice was given to the Clearing System. 
at the initi-
ative of the 
Issuer, the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 12 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibun-
gen
§ 12 
Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, ohne Zu-
stimmung der Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldver-
schreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung (gegebe-
nenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung 
[im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
einfügen: 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns] 
und/oder des Ausgabepreises) wie die vorliegen-
den Schuldverschreibungen zu begeben, so dass 
sie mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. Der Be-
griff "Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst im Fall ei-
ner solchen weiteren Begebung auch solche zu-
sätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen.
The Issuer reserves the right to issue, from time to 
time, without the consent of the Noteholders, addi-
tional notes with identical terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the date of issue [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes insert:, the interest commencement date] 
and/or the issue price) so as to be consolidated and 
form a single series with such Notes. The term 
"Notes" shall, in the event of such further issue, also 
comprise such further notes. 
 
§ 13
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
§ 13
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
 
(a) 
Geltendes Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich da-
raus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten be-
stimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(a) 
Applicable law. The form and content of 
the Notes as well as all the rights and du-
ties arising therefrom are governed exclu-
sively by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
mit einem 
festgeleg-
ten Nenn-
betrag von 
weniger 
als 
EUR 
100.000 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwin-
genden Gerichtsstandes für besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang 
mit dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldver-
schreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in seiner je-
weiligen gültigen Fassung (das "SchVG"), 
ist Frankfurt am Main nicht-ausschließli-
cher Gerichtsstand für sämtliche aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkei-
ten").
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the German Act on Issues 
of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schul-
dverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), 
non-exclusive court of venue for any action 
or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes is Frankfurt am Main. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with 
a Specified 
Denomi-
nation 
of 
less 
than 
EUR 
100,000, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
mit einem 
festgeleg-
ten Nenn-
betrag von 
mindes-
tens 
EUR 
100.000 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwin-
genden Gerichtsstandes für besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang 
mit dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldver-
schreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in seiner je-
weiligen gültigen Fassung (das "SchVG") ist 
das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bun-
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the German Act on Issues 
of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schul-
dverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), 
the regional court (Landgericht) in Frank-
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with 
a Specified 
Denomi-
nation 
of 
at 
least 
EUR 
100,000,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
desrepublik Deutschland ausschließlich zu-
ständig für sämtliche aus oder im Zusam-
menhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden Klagen oder sonstigen Ver-
fahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten").
furt am Main, Federal Republic of Ger-
many, shall be the exclusive court of venue 
for any action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connec-
tion with the Notes.
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger kann in Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
gegen die Emittentin im eigenen Namen 
seine Rechte aus den ihm zustehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen geltend machen 
unter Vorlage der folgenden Dokumente: 
(i) einer Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank, 
die (A) den vollen Namen und die volle An-
schrift des Anleihegläubigers bezeichnet, 
(B) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen angibt, die am Ausstellungs-
tag dieser Bescheinigung dem bei dieser 
Depotbank bestehenden Depot dieses An-
leihegläubigers gutgeschrieben sind, und 
(C) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank dem 
Clearingsystem und dem Fiscal Agent eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung zugeleitet hat, die 
die Angaben gemäß (A) und (B) enthält 
und Bestätigungsvermerke des Clearing-
systems sowie des jeweiligen Clearingsys-
tem-Kontoinhabers trägt, sowie (ii) einer 
von einem Vertretungsberechtigten des 
Clearingsystems oder des Fiscal Agent be-
stätigten Ablichtung der Globalurkunde.
(c) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising un-
der its Notes by submitting the following 
documents: (i) a certificate issued by its de-
positary bank (A) stating the full name and 
address of the Noteholder, (B) specifying 
an aggregate principal amount of Notes 
credited on the date of such certificate to 
such Noteholder's securities account main-
tained with such depositary bank and (C) 
confirming that the depositary bank has 
given a written notice to the Clearing Sys-
tem as well as to the Fiscal Agent contain-
ing the information pursuant to (A) and (B) 
and bearing acknowledgements of the 
Clearing System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder as well as (ii) a copy 
of the Global Note certified by a duly au-
thorized officer of the Clearing System or 
the Fiscal Agent as being a true copy. 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes:
(d) 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigte. Für etwaige 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten, die zwischen den An-
leihegläubigern und der Emittentin vor Ge-
richten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
geführt werden, hat die Emittentin die Alli-
anz 
SE, 
München, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, zur Zustellungsbevollmäch-
tigten bestellt. 
(d) 
Agent for service of process. For litigation, if 
any, between the Noteholders and the Is-
suer which is brought before courts in the 
Federal Republic of Germany, the Issuer 
has appointed Allianz SE, Munich, Federal 
Republic of Germany, as agent for service 
of process. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 14 
Änderung der Bedingungen; Gemeinsa-
mer Vertreter [, Änderung der Garantie] 
§ 14 
Amendments to the Conditions; Joint 
Representative [, Amendments to the 
Guarantee]
 
(a) 
Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emitten-
tin kann die Bedingungen mit Zustimmung 
aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses der Anlei-
hegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG ändern. Eine Änderung der Bedin-
gungen ohne Zustimmung der Emittentin 
scheidet aus.
(a) 
Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Conditions with the con-
sent of a majority resolution of the Note-
holders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. There will be no amendment of the 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent.

--- Page 59 ---
59
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbeson-
dere einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte 
der Bedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnah-
men mit den in dem nachstehenden 
§ 14(b) genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. 
Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheits-
beschluss ist für alle Anleihegläubiger ver-
bindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent 
to amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under § 5(3) 
of the SchVG by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 14(b) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung 
der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, be-
schließen die Anleihegläubiger mit der ein-
fachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Bedingungen, insbesondere in den Fällen 
des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksam-
keit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (eine "Qualifizierte Mehr-
heit"). Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin o-
der einem mit ihr verbundenen Unterneh-
men (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen oder 
für Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit 
ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten 
werden.
(b) 
Majority requirements. Except as provided 
by the following sentence and provided 
that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting rights par-
ticipating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
§ 5(3) numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, 
may only be passed by a majority of at 
least 75 per cent. of the voting rights partic-
ipating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
The voting right is suspended as long as 
any Notes are attributable to the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for 
the account of the Issuer or any of its affili-
ates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubi-
ger werden entweder in einer Gläubiger-
versammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im Wege 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der Emittentin 
oder einem gemeinsamen Vertreter einbe-
rufen wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the Notehold-
ers will be made either in a Noteholders' 
meeting in accordance with § 14(c)(i) or by 
means of a vote without a meeting (Ab-
stimmung ohne Versammlung) in accord-
ance with § 14(c)(ii), in either case con-
vened by the Issuer or a joint representa-
tive, if any. 
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Rahmen einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung werden nach §§ 9 ff. 
SchVG getroffen. Die Einberufung 
der Gläubigerversammlung regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten der Be-
schlussfassung und der Abstim-
mung. Mit der Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden in 
der Tagesordnung die Beschluss-
gegenstände sowie die Vorschläge 
zur Beschlussfassung den Anlei-
hegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made 
in accordance with § 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide 
the further details relating to the 
resolutions and the voting proce-
dure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders in 
the agenda of the meeting.  
 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung werden nach § 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe durch den Ab-
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a vote not requiring a 
physical 
meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) will be made 
in accordance § 18 of the SchVG. 
The request for voting as submitted

--- Page 60 ---
60 
stimmungsleiter regelt die weite-
ren Einzelheiten der Beschlussfas-
sung und der Abstimmung. Mit der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
werden die Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur Be-
schlussfassung den Anleihegläubi-
gern bekannt gegeben.
by the chairman (Abstimmungslei-
ter) will provide the further details 
relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject mat-
ter of the vote as well as the pro-
posed resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with the re-
quest for voting.
 
(d) 
Zweite Versammlung. Wird die Beschluss-
fähigkeit bei der Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß § 14(c)(i) oder der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gemäß § 14(c)(ii) nicht 
festgestellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne des 
§ 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. 
(d) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the Noteholders' meeting 
pursuant to § 14(c)(i) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 14(c)(ii), the chair-
man (Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Anlei-
hegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der Gläubiger-
versammlung im Falle einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung (wie in § 14(c)(i) oder § 14(d) 
beschrieben) bzw. vor dem Beginn des Ab-
stimmungszeitraums im Falle einer Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung (wie in § 14(c)(ii) 
beschrieben) unter der in der Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe angegebenen Anschrift 
zugehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis 
ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch eine besondere Be-
scheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in 
Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrver-
merks der Depotbank erbringen, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die relevanten Schuldver-
schreibungen für den Zeitraum vom Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (ein-
schließlich) bis zu dem angegebenen Ende 
der Versammlung (einschließlich) bzw. 
dem Ende des Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen werden 
können.
(e) 
Registration. The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Notehold-
ers. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day prior to the meeting 
in the case of a Noteholders' meeting (as 
described in § 14(c)(i) or § 14(d)) or the be-
ginning of the voting period in the case of 
voting not requiring a physical meeting (as 
described in § 14(c)(ii)), as the case may be. 
As part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to partic-
ipate in the vote by means of a special con-
firmation of their respective depositary 
bank hereof in text form and by submission 
of a blocking instruction by the depositary 
bank stating that the relevant Notes are 
not transferable from and including the 
day such registration has been sent until 
and including the stated end of the meet-
ing or day the voting period ends, as the 
case may be. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläu-
biger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die Bestellung und Abberufung eines ge-
meinsamen Vertreters, die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die Übertragung von Rechten der An-
leihegläubiger auf den gemeinsamen Ver-
treter bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines ge-
meinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifi-
zierten Mehrheit, wenn er ermächtigt wird, 
wesentlichen Änderungen der Bedingun-
gen gemäß § 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the ap-
pointment or dismissal of a joint repre-
sentative, the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such joint representative 
and the transfer of the rights of the Note-
holders to the joint representative. Appoint-
ment of a joint representative may only be 
passed by a Qualified Majority if such joint 
representative is to be authorized to con-
sent to a material change in the substance 
of the Conditions in accordance with 
§ 14(a) hereof.

--- Page 61 ---
61
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufga-
ben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Ge-
setz oder von den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Anleihegläubiger 
zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendma-
chung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Anleihe-
gläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendma-
chung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat 
der gemeinsame Vertreter den Anlei-
hegläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberu-
fung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflich-
ten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG.
The joint representative shall have the du-
ties and powers provided by law or granted 
by majority resolutions of the Noteholders. 
The joint representative shall comply with 
the instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent that the joint representative has 
been authorized to assert certain rights of 
the Noteholders, the Noteholders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The joint representative 
shall provide reports to the Noteholders on 
its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the 
other rights and obligations of the joint rep-
resentative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Ver-
gütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem ge-
meinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
willful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negli-
gence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint rep-
resentative's liability shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remunera-
tion.
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen. Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen gemäß 
den §§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 11.
(g) 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 14 
will be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. 
of the SchVG and § 11.
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz SE 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufge-
führten auf die Änderung der Bedingun-
gen anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß für Änderungen der Bedingun-
gen einer etwaigen Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) Anwendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Conditions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to amendments of the 
terms of any guarantee given pursuant to 
§ 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes:
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufge-
führten auf die Änderung der Bedingun-
gen anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden 
sinngemäß für Änderungen der Bedingun-
gen der Garantie und der Bedingungen ei-
ner etwaigen Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) 
Anwendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Conditions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to amendments of the 
terms of the Guarantee and the terms of 
any 
guarantee 
given 
pursuant 
to 
§ 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
§ 15
Sprache
§ 15
Language
Falls 
die 
Bedingun-
gen 
in 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache ab-
gefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
These Conditions are written in the German lan-
guage and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
If the Con-
ditions 
shall be in

--- Page 62 ---
62 
deutscher 
Sprache 
mit 
einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only. 
the 
Ger-
man 
lan-
guage 
with 
an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
These Conditions are written in the English lan-
guage only. 
If the Con-
ditions 
shall be in 
the English 
language 
only, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
OPTION II 
Anleihebedingungen für in Euro denominierte,  
variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen
OPTION II 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Euro denominated Floating Rate Notes
 
§ 1
Währung, Festgelegter Nennbetrag, Form
§ 1
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form
 
(a) 
Währung; Festgelegter Nennbetrag. Die [Al-
lianz SE] [Allianz Finance II B.V.] [Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V.] (die "Emittentin") begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen in Euro ("EUR") (die 
"Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnenn-
betrag von EUR [Betrag], eingeteilt in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldver-
schreibungen" und jeweils eine "Schuldver-
schreibung") im festgelegten Nennbetrag 
von je EUR [Betrag] (der "Festgelegte 
Nennbetrag ").
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination. The 
Notes are issued by [Allianz SE] [Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V.] [Allianz Finance III B.V.] (the "Is-
suer") in Euro ("EUR") (the "Specified Cur-
rency"), in the aggregate principal amount 
of EUR [amount], divided into notes (the 
"Notes" and each a "Note") in the specified 
denomination of EUR [amount] (the "Speci-
fied Denomination") each.  
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
der Allianz 
Finance III 
B.V. ist Fol-
gendes 
anwend-
bar:
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden von der 
Allianz SE, München (die "Garantin") garan-
tiert. 
The Notes are guaranteed by Allianz SE, Mu-
nich (the "Guarantor"). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 63 ---
63
 
(b) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber.
(b) 
Form. The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind zunächst in einer vorläufigen Globalur-
kunde (die "Vorläufige Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft.
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are initially repre-
sented by a temporary global Note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without interest 
coupons.
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird (insge-
samt oder teilweise und unentgeltlich) an o-
der nach dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag des Beginns des Angebots liegt, gegen 
Nachweis über das Nichtbestehen wirt-
schaftlichen U.S.-Eigentums im Sinne des 
U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. beneficial ownership) 
in der in der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde vor-
gesehenen Form, gegen eine dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauer-Globalur-
kunde") (die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde jeweils auch eine 
"Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine ausge-
tauscht. Ein Recht der Anleihegläubiger (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf Ausgabe und Lie-
ferung von Einzelurkunden oder Zinsschei-
nen besteht nicht.
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable (in whole or in part and free of 
charge) on or after the day that is 40 days af-
ter the later of the commencement of the of-
fering and the date of issue of the Notes for 
a permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") (the Temporary Global Note 
and the Permanent Global Note, each a 
"Global Note") without interest coupons 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Tempo-
rary Global Note. The right of the Notehold-
ers (as defined below) to require the issue 
and delivery of definitive notes or interest 
coupons is excluded. 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
(c) 
Globalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind durch eine permanente Globalurkunde 
(die "Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine ver-
brieft. 
(c) 
Global Note. The Notes are represented by a 
permanent global Note (the "Global Note") 
without interest coupons. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
will 
be issued, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde wer-
den solange von einem Clearingsystem oder 
im Auftrag eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, 
bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System. Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note will be held in custody by or on behalf 
of a Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satis-
fied. 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
(d) 
Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde wird so-
lange von einem Clearingsystem oder im 
Auftrag eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will be 
held in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing 
System until all obligations of the Issuer un-
der the Notes have been satisfied. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
will 
be issued,

--- Page 64 ---
64 
anwend-
bar: 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearing System ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("Clearstream, Frankfurt")] [,] [und] [Clear-
stream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxem-
burg, ("Clearstream, Luxemburg")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Al-
bert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien, ("Euroclear")] 
[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear je-
weils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger.
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: 
each of] the following: [Clearstream Bank-
ing AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Esch-
born, Federal Republic of Germany ("Clear-
stream, Frankfurt")] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg")] [and] [Euro-
clear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear")] 
[(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] 
and any successor in such capacity.
 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form, 
ist Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar:
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbe-
auftragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note shall each bear the man-
ual signatures of two duly authorized officers 
of the Issuer as well as the manual signature 
of an authentication officer of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
Die Globalurkunde trägt jeweils die eigen-
händigen Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbe-
auftragten des Fiscal Agent. 
The Global Note shall bear the manual sig-
natures of two duly authorized officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
in 
Classical 
Global 
Note Form 
will be is-
sued, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Glo-
bal 
Note 
ausgege-
ben 
wer-
den 
und 
bei denen 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgege-
ben und von einem gemeinsamen Wertpa-
pierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im Na-
men beider ICSDs verwahrt.
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
intended 
to be is-
sued in the 
New 
Global 
Note form 
where 
a 
Temporary 
Global 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time en-
tered in the records of both ICSDs. The rec-
ords of the ICSDs (which expression means

--- Page 65 ---
65
zunächst 
eine 
Vor-
läufige 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssi-
ger Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausge-
stellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt.
the records that each ICSD holds for its cus-
tomers which reflect the amount of such cus-
tomers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement is-
sued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Note is is-
sued, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung be-
züglich der durch die Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelhei-
ten über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunde entsprechend in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag 
der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenomme-
nen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. ge-
kauften und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird.
On any redemption or interest payment be-
ing made in respect of, or purchase and can-
cellation of, any of the Notes represented by 
the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such redemption, payment or pur-
chase and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of the Global Note shall be en-
tered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and rep-
resented by the Global Note shall be re-
duced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von durch eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses 
Austauschs entsprechend in die Aufzeich-
nungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered accordingly 
in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbe-
auftragten des Fiscal Agent und die eigen-
händige Unterschrift eines bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters des gemeinsamen Wertpapierver-
wahrers. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Perma-
nent Global Note shall each bear the man-
ual signatures of two duly authorized officers 
of the Issuer as well as the manual signature 
of an authentication officer of the Fiscal 
Agent and the manual signature of an au-
thorized officer of the common safekeeper. 
 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Glo-
bal 
Note 
ausgege-
ben 
wer-
den 
und 
bei denen 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgege-
ben und von einem gemeinsamen Wertpa-
pierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im Na-
men beider ICSDs verwahrt.
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
intended 
to be is-
sued in the 
New 
Global 
Note form 
where only 
a Perma-
nent 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Glo-
balurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time en-
tered in the records of both ICSDs. The rec-
ords of the ICSDs (which expression means

--- Page 66 ---
66 
nur 
eine 
Perma-
nente Glo-
balur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssi-
ger Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausge-
stellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt.
the records that each ICSD holds for its cus-
tomers which reflect the amount of such cus-
tomers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement is-
sued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Global 
Note is is-
sued, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung be-
züglich der durch die Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Global-
urkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelhei-
ten über Rückzahlung, Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunde entsprechend in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag 
der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenomme-
nen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrief-
ten Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. ge-
kauften und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird.
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the Global Note shall be entered accord-
ingly in the records of the ICSDs and, upon 
any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the Global Note shall be reduced by the ag-
gregate principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled. 
 
 
Die Globalurkunde trägt jeweils die eigen-
händigen Unterschriften von zwei Vertre-
tungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbe-
auftragten des Fiscal Agent und die eigen-
händige Unterschrift eines bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters des gemeinsamen Wertpapierver-
wahrers.
The Global Note shall bear the manual sig-
natures of two duly authorized officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent 
and the manual signature of an authorized 
officer of the common safekeeper. 
 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger. Den Inhabern von Schuld-
verschreibungen ("Anleihegläubiger") ste-
hen Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleichbare 
andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, die 
gemäß anwendbarem Recht und den Best-
immungen und Regeln des Clearingsystems 
übertragen werden können. 
(e) 
Noteholders. The holders of Notes ("Note-
holders") are entitled to co-ownership par-
ticipations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in ac-
cordance with applicable laws and the rules 
and regulations of the Clearing System. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
§ 2
Status und Negativerklärung
§ 2
Status and Negative Pledge
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
(a) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begrün-
den nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die unterei-
nander und mit allen anderen nicht besicher-
ten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkei-
ten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes con-
stitute unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer, save for any obligations 
required to be preferred by law.

--- Page 67 ---
67
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den Anleihebe-
dingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Bedingungen") zahlbaren Beträge an das 
Clearingsystem gezahlt worden sind, für Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür übernommener Garantien und sonsti-
ger Gewährleistungen, keine Sicherheiten an 
ihrem inländischen Grundvermögen zu be-
stellen, ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur 
gleichen Zeit oder vorher und mit gleichem 
Rang zu besichern. 
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time when all 
amounts payable under the terms and con-
ditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") have 
been paid to the Clearing System, not to pro-
vide any security on its domestic real prop-
erty for any Capital Market Indebtedness, in-
cluding any guarantees or other indemnities 
assumed in respect thereof, without at the 
same time or prior thereto securing the 
Notes equally and rateably therewith.  
 
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) gesetzlich vorgeschrieben 
sind, oder (ii) im Zusammenhang mit staatli-
chen Genehmigungen verlangt werden. Eine 
nach dem ersten Satz zu leistende Sicherheit 
kann auch gegenüber einem Treuhänder 
der Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden.
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to a security (i) 
which is mandatory according to applicable 
laws, or (ii) which is required as a prerequisite 
for governmental approvals. Any security 
which is to be provided pursuant to the first 
sentence may also be provided to a trustee 
on behalf of the Noteholders.
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede ge-
genwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlichkeit 
der Emittentin oder eines Dritten in der Form 
von Schuldverschreibungen oder ähnlichen 
Instrumenten mit einer ursprünglichen Lauf-
zeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer 
Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapier-
markt gehandelt werden können.
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
indebtedness, present or future, of the Issuer 
or any third party in the form of Notes or 
bonds or similar instruments with an original 
maturity of more than one year, which can be 
traded on any stock exchange or other secu-
rities market. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
§ 2
Status, Negativerklärung und Garantie 
§ 2
Status, Negative Pledge and Guarantee 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
(a) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begrün-
den (vorbehaltlich der Garantie (wie nach-
stehend definiert)) nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emitten-
tin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichran-
gig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche Best-
immungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes con-
stitute (subject to the Guarantee (as defined 
below)) unsecured and unsubordinated ob-
ligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obli-
gations of the Issuer, save for any obligations 
required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung. Die Emittentin verpflich-
tet sich hiermit, solange die Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den Anleihebe-
dingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Bedingungen") zahlbaren Beträge an das 
Clearingsystem gezahlt worden sind, für Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür übernommener Garantien und sonsti-
(b) 
Negative pledge. The Issuer hereby under-
takes, for as long as any of the Notes is out-
standing, but only up to the time at which all 
amounts payable under the terms and con-
ditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") have 
been paid to the Clearing System, not to cre-
ate or permit to subsist, any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance 
upon any or all of its present or future reve-

--- Page 68 ---
68 
ger Gewährleistungen, keine Grundpfand-
rechte, Mobiliarpfandrechte oder sonstige 
dingliche Besicherungen gleich welcher Art 
an ihren derzeitigen oder zukünftigen Erträ-
gen oder Vermögensgegenständen zu be-
stellen oder deren Aufrechterhaltung zu ge-
statten, ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur 
gleichen Zeit oder vorher mit gleichem Rang 
zu besichern. 
nues or assets for any Capital Market Indebt-
edness, including any guarantees or other in-
demnities assumed in respect thereof, with-
out at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Notes equally and rateably therewith.  
 
Die Verpflichtung nach dem vorhergehen-
den Satz besteht jedoch nicht für solche Si-
cherheiten, die (i) gesetzlich vorgeschrieben 
sind oder (ii) im Zusammenhang mit staatli-
chen Genehmigungen verlangt werden. Eine 
nach dem ersten Satz zu leistende Sicherheit 
kann auch gegenüber einem Treuhänder 
der Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden.
The undertaking pursuant to the preceding 
sentence shall not apply to a security (i) 
which is mandatory according to applicable 
laws, or (ii) which is required as a prerequisite 
for governmental approvals. Any security 
which is to be provided pursuant to the first 
sentence may also be provided to a trustee 
on behalf of the Noteholders.
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede ge-
genwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlichkeit 
der Emittentin, der Garantin oder eines Drit-
ten in der Form von Schuldverschreibungen 
oder ähnlichen Instrumenten mit einer ur-
sprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an einem ande-
ren Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt werden 
können.
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
indebtedness, present or future, of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any third party in the form 
of Notes or bond or similar instruments with 
an original maturity of more than one year, 
which can be traded on any stock exchange 
or other securities market. 
 
 
(c) 
Garantie. Die Garantin hat die unbedingte 
und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die fristge-
rechte Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen und 
sonstigen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlenden Beträgen gemäß einer Garan-
tie vom 14. April 2021 (die "Garantie") über-
nommen. Die Garantie ist ein Vertrag zu-
gunsten jedes Anleihegläubigers als be-
günstigtem Dritten gem. § 328 Absatz 
1 BGB, der das Recht begründet, die Garan-
tin unmittelbar aus der Garantie auf Erfül-
lung in Anspruch zu nehmen und Ansprüche 
aus der Garantie gegen die Garantin unmit-
telbar durchzusetzen.  
(c) 
Guarantee. The Guarantor has given an un-
conditional and irrevocable guarantee pur-
suant to a guarantee dated 14 April 2021 
(the "Guarantee") for the due payment of 
principal of, and interest on, and any other 
amounts expressed to be payable under the 
Notes. The Guarantee constitutes a contract 
for the benefit of the Noteholders from time 
to time as third party beneficiaries in accord-
ance with § 328 paragraph 1 of the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), giving 
rise to the right of each Noteholder to require 
performance under the Guarantee directly 
form the Guarantor and to enforce the Guar-
antee directly against the Guarantor.
 
§ 3
Zinsen
§ 3
Interest
(a)
Zinszahlungstage.
(a)
Interest Payment Dates.
 
(i) 
Jede Schuldverschreibung wird bezo-
gen auf ihren Festgelegten Nennbe-
trag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn ein-
fügen] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) und da-
nach von jedem Zinszahlungstag (ein-
schließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) mit 
einem jährlichen Satz, der dem Zins-
(i) 
Each Note bears interest on its Speci-
fied Denomination at the rate per an-
num equal to the Rate of Interest (as 
defined below) from and including [in-
sert Interest Commencement Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the first Inter-
est Payment Date and thereafter from 
and including each Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next follow-
ing Interest Payment Date. Interest on

--- Page 69 ---
69
satz (wie nachstehend definiert) ent-
spricht, verzinst. Die Zinsen sind nach-
träglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. Der zahlbare Zinsbetrag wird 
gemäß § 3(e) berechnet.
the Notes will be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with § 3(e). 
 
(ii) 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet, vorbe-
haltlich der Geschäftstagekonvention, 
[festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfü-
gen und gegebenenfalls erster kurzer 
oder langer Kupon] eines jeden Jah-
res. Der erste Zinszahlungstag ist, vor-
behaltlich der Geschäftstagekonven-
tion, der [●].
(ii) 
"Interest Payment Date" means, sub-
ject to the Business Day Convention, 
[insert Specified Interest Payment 
Dates and if applicable, any short or 
long first coupon] in each year. The 
first Interest Payment Date will be [●], 
subject to the Business Day Conven-
tion.
 
 
(iii) 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" hat die 
folgende Bedeutung: Fällt ein Zins-
zahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) ist, dann wird der Zinszahlungs-
tag auf den nächstfolgenden Ge-
schäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, je-
ner würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den un-
mittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäfts-
tag vorgezogen.
(iii) 
"Business Day Convention" has the 
following meaning: If any Interest Pay-
ment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day (as de-
fined below), the Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calen-
dar month, in which event the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought for-
ward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.
 
 
(iv) 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonn-
tag), an dem (x) das Clearingsystem 
und (y) alle betroffenen Bereiche des 
Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer sys-
tem 2 (TARGET) geöffnet sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.
(iv) 
"Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which both (x) the Clearing System 
and (y) all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) are open to effect pay-
ments.
 
 
(b) 
Zinssatz. Der "Zinssatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Zinssatz 
per annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie nach-
stehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] ent-
spricht, wobei der Zinssatz mindestens 
0,00 % per annum beträgt.
(b) 
Rate of Interest. The "Rate of Interest" for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will 
be a rate per annum equal to the Reference 
Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], subject to a min-
imum of 0.00 per cent. per annum. 
 
 
["Marge" bezeichnet [Zahl einfügen] % per 
annum.]
["Margin" means [insert number] per cent. 
per annum.]
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zwei-
ten TARGET-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der je-
weiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second TARGET Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Pe-
riod.
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
sowie jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab einem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum je-
weils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).
"Interest Period" means each period from 
and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Pay-
ment Date and thereafter from and includ-
ing each Interest Payment Date to but ex-
cluding the following Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet bei der Be-
rechnung des Zinsbetrages für einen beliebi-
gen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zu dem Tag, an 
dem dieser fällig wird (ausschließlich)) (un-
abhängig davon, ob es sich dabei um eine 
Zinsperiode 
handelt, 
der 
"Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum") die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum divi-
diert durch 360 (Actual/360).
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and in-
cluding the first day of such period to but ex-
cluding the date on which it falls due) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Pe-
riod, the "Calculation Period") the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period di-
vided by 360 (Actual/360). 
 
(c)
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. 
(c)
Determination of the Reference Rate. 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag den betreffenden Refe-
renzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3(c).
The Calculation Agent will determine the rel-
evant Reference Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(c) on each Interest Determination Date.
 
 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird 
wie folgt bestimmt:
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Pe-
riod will be determined as follows:
 
 
(i) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor dem Ein-
tritt des jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in 
§ 3(d)(vii) definiert) beginnt, entspricht 
der Referenzsatz dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(i) 
For each Interest Period beginning 
prior to the occurrence of the relevant 
Effective 
Date 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(d)(vii)), the Reference Rate will be 
equal to the Original Benchmark Rate 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date.
 
 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmark-
satz zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, entspricht der Refe-
renzsatz dem Referenzbankensatz an 
diesem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestset-
zungstag.
If the Original Benchmark Rate does 
not appear on the Screen Page as at 
such time on the relevant Interest De-
termination Date, the Reference Rate 
will be equal to the Reference Bank 
Rate on that Interest Determination 
Date.  
 
 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht 
gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs 
festgestellt werden kann, entspricht 
der Referenzsatz dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirm-
seite an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zins-
festsetzungstag, an dem dieser Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmarksatz ange-
zeigt wurde.
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the 
definition of such term, the Reference 
Rate shall be equal to the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page 
on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original Benchmark Rate was dis-
played.
 
 
(ii) 
Für die Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar 
nach dem jeweiligen Stichtag beginnt, 
und alle folgenden Zinsperioden wird 
der Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(d) be-
stimmt. 
(ii) 
For the Interest Period commencing 
immediately after the relevant Effec-
tive Date and all following Interest Pe-
riods, the Reference Rate will be deter-
mined in accordance with § 3(d). 
 
 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem 
Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich § 3(d)) die [1 / 
3 / 6 / 12]-Monats Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per an-
num), die an dem betreffenden Tag um 
11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) festgesetzt 
und auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird.
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day 
means (subject to § 3(d)) the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-
month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (ex-
pressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
fixed at, and appearing on the Screen Page 
as of, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day.

--- Page 71 ---
71
"Referenzbankensatz" bezeichnet den (als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückten) Satz 
für Einlagen in EUR für die betreffende Zins-
periode und über einen Repräsentativen Be-
trag (auf Grundlage des Actual/360 Zinsta-
gequotienten), den die Referenzbanken (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegenüber führen-
den Banken im Interbankenmarkt der Euro-
Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nennen, und der wie folgt bestimmt wird: Die 
Emittentin wird jede Referenzbank bitten, 
der Berechnungsstelle ihren Angebotssatz 
mitzuteilen. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenz-
banken der Berechnungsstelle solche Ange-
botssätze nennen, ist der Referenzbanken-
satz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste tausends-
tel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) 
dieser Angebotssätze, wobei alle Feststel-
lungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfol-
gen.
"Reference Bank Rate" means the rate (ex-
pressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
which the Reference Banks (as defined be-
low) offer to prime banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market and in a Representative 
Amount, assuming an Actual/360 day count 
basis, deposits in EUR at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant In-
terest Determination Date for the relevant 
Interest Period determined as follows: The Is-
suer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Ref-
erence Bank Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quota-
tions, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenz-
banken der Berechnungsstelle die im vorste-
henden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotss-
ätze nennt, ist der Referenzbankensatz für 
die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per an-
num, den die Berechnungsstelle als das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste tausends-
tel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) 
der Sätze ermittelt, die von der Emittentin 
ausgewählte Großbanken im Interbanken-
markt der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüs-
seler Ortszeit) der Berechnungsstelle auf 
Bitte der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz 
nennen, zu dem sie an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag Darlehen in EUR für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen Re-
präsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden 
europäischen Banken anbieten.
If on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date only one or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Reference Bank 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated at approximately 11:00 
a.m. (Brussels time) at the request of the Is-
suer to the Calculation Agent by major 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, 
selected by the Issuer, at which such banks 
offer, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, loans in EUR for the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount to 
leading European banks.
Dabei gilt Folgendes:
Where:
 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine an-
dere Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von ei-
nem anderen Informationsanbieter als 
Nachfolger, welche die Reuters Bildschirm-
seite EURIBOR01 ersetzt.
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01 or such other screen page 
of Reuters or such other information service 
which is the successor to the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01. 
 
 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjeni-
gen 
Mitgliedstaaten der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of 
those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted 
from time to time, the single currency in ac-
cordance with the Treaty establishing the Eu-
ropean Community (signed in Rome on 25

--- Page 72 ---
72 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Euro-
päische Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht 
am 7. Februar 1992) und den Amsterdamer 
Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997, in seiner jewei-
ligen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt ha-
ben werden.
March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 
February 1992) and the Amsterdam Treaty 
of 2 October 1997, as further amended from 
time to time.  
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet die Hauptnie-
derlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten großen Banken im Interban-
kenmarkt der Euro-Zone.
"Reference Banks" means the principal 
Euro-zone offices of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone interbank market, in each case se-
lected by the Issuer. 
 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen 
Betrag, der zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
in dem jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne 
Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Representative 
Amount" 
means 
an 
amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the rel-
evant time. 
 
 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) betriebsbereit ist.
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer sys-
tem 2 (TARGET) is operating.
 
Falls 
ein 
kurzer 
o-
der langer 
erster Ku-
pon 
vor-
liegt 
und 
Interpola-
tion anzu-
wenden 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes 
Für die erste Zinsperiode legt die Berech-
nungsstelle den Referenzsatz am Zinsfest-
setzungstag in kaufmännisch vernünftiger 
Weise durch lineare Interpolation zwischen 
zwei Referenzsätzen fest, von denen (i) der 
eine Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu be-
stimmen ist, für den es einen dem Referenz-
satz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt und 
der der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperi-
ode am nächsten kommt, aber kürzer als 
diese ist und (ii) der andere Referenzsatz für 
einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es 
einen dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Re-
ferenzsatz gibt und der der Länge der an-
wendbaren 
Zinsperiode 
am 
nächsten 
kommt, aber länger als diese ist.
In respect of the first Interest Period, the Ref-
erence Rate shall be determined by the Cal-
culation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonable manner 
using the straight-line interpolation by refer-
ence to two reference rates, (i) one of which 
shall be determined for a term for which a 
reference rate similar to the Reference Rate 
is available and which is next closest to but 
shorter than the applicable Interest Period 
and (ii) the other of which shall be deter-
mined for a term for which a reference rate 
similar to the Reference Rate is available 
and which is next closest to but longer than 
the applicable Interest Period. 
If 
a 
short/long 
first 
cou-
pon is ap-
plicable 
and inter-
polation is 
applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
(d)
Benchmark-Ereignis.
(d)
Benchmark Event.
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt für die Bestimmung des betreffenden Re-
ferenzsatzes und die Verzinsung der Schuld-
verschreibungen gemäß § 3 Folgendes:
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the relevant Ref-
erence Rate and the interest on the Notes in 
accordance with § 3 will be determined as 
follows:
 
 
(i) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin 
wird sich bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach Eintritt 
des Benchmark-Ereignisses (wie in 
§ 3(d)(vi) definiert) und vor dem 
nächsten Zinsfestsetzungstag erfor-
derlich ist, einen Unabhängigen Bera-
ter (wie in § 3(d)(vi) definiert) zu be-
nennen, der einen Neuen Benchmark-
satz (wie in § 3(d)(vi) definiert), die An-
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, 
as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3(d)(vi)) and prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date, endeavor to ap-
point an Independent Adviser (as de-
fined in § 3(d)(vi)), who will determine 
a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in 
§ 3(d)(vi)), the Adjustment Spread (as

--- Page 73 ---
73
passungsspanne (wie in § 3(d)(vi) de-
finiert) und etwaige Benchmark-Än-
derungen (wie in § 3(d)(iv) definiert) 
festlegt.
defined in § 3(d)(vi)) and any Bench-
mark Amendments (as defined in 
§ 3(d)(iv)). 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). Wenn vor 
dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem betref-
fenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date,  
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(A) 
die Emittentin keinen Unabhän-
gigen Berater ernannt hat; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an 
Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(B) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Be-
rater keinen Neuen Bench-
marksatz, keine Anpassungs-
spanne und/oder keine Bench-
mark-Änderungen (sofern er-
forderlich) 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(d) festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser ap-
pointed by it has not deter-
mined a New Benchmark Rate, 
has not determined the Adjust-
ment Spread and/or has not de-
termined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) in ac-
cordance with this § 3(d),
 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
die nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem 
letzten, unmittelbar vor Eintritt des re-
levanten Stichtags liegenden Zinsfest-
setzungstag festgestellten Referenz-
satz.
then the Reference Rate applicable to 
the immediately following Interest Pe-
riod shall be the Reference Rate deter-
mined on the last Interest Determina-
tion Date immediately preceding the 
relevant Effective Date.
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes:
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz (Fallback). Wenn vor 
dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem jeweili-
gen Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies:
 
(A)  
die Emittentin keinen Unabhän-
gigen Berater ernannt hat; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an 
Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(B)  
der ernannte Unabhängige Be-
rater keinen Neuen Bench-
marksatz, keine Anpassungs-
spanne und/oder keine Bench-
mark-Änderungen (sofern er-
forderlich) 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(d) festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser ap-
pointed by it has not deter-
mined a New Benchmark Rate, 
has not determined the Adjust-
ment Spread and/or has not de-
termined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) in ac-
cordance with this § 3(d),
 
 
dann ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach billigem Ermessen den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungs-
spanne und etwaige Benchmark-Än-
derungen festzulegen.
then the Issuer may, using reasonable 
discretion, determine the New Bench-
mark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Wenn die Emittentin vor dem 10. Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungstag 
ebenfalls 
keinen 
Neuen Benchmark Satz gemäß die-
sem § 3(d) festgelegt hat, dann ent-
spricht der Referenzsatz für die 
nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem letz-
ten, unmittelbar vor Eintritt des rele-
vanten Stichtags liegenden Zinsfest-
setzungstag festgestellten Referenz-
satz.
If the Issuer also has not determined a 
New Benchmark Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(d) prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Refer-
ence Rate applicable to the immedi-
ately following Interest Period shall be 
the Reference Rate determined on the 
last Interest Determination Date im-
mediately preceding the relevant Ef-
fective Date.
 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(d)(ii) be-
stimmte Ausweichsatz (Fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(d) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
die nächste nachfolgende (und, so-
fern notwendig, weitere nachfol-
gende) Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in ac-
cordance with this § 3(d)(ii) is to be ap-
plied, § 3(d) will be operated again to 
determine the Reference Rate appli-
cable to the next subsequent (and, if 
required, further subsequent) Interest 
Period(s).
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder Al-
ternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls der Un-
abhängige Berater nach billigem Er-
messen feststellt,  
(iii) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alter-
native Benchmark Rate. If the Inde-
pendent Adviser determines in its rea-
sonable discretion that: 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes:
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder Al-
ternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls der Un-
abhängige Berater bzw. die Emitten-
tin nach billigem Ermessen feststellt,  
(iii) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alter-
native Benchmark Rate. If the Inde-
pendent Adviser or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines in its reason-
able discretion that: 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies:
 
(A) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser Nachfolge-Benchmark-
satz der Neue Benchmarksatz; 
oder
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall subse-
quently be the New Benchmark 
Rate; or
 
 
(B) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen Al-
ternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz.
(B) 
there is no Successor Bench-
mark Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
then such Alternative Bench-
mark Rate shall subsequently 
be the New Benchmark Rate.
 
 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der Refe-
renzsatz für die unmittelbar nach dem 
Stichtag beginnende Zinsperiode und 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden dann 
(x) dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
In either case the Reference Rate for 
the Interest Period commencing im-
mediately after the Effective Date and 
all following Interest Periods will then 
be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on

--- Page 75 ---
75
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestset-
zungstag zuzüglich (y) der Anpas-
sungsspanne. 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein 
Neuer Benchmarksatz und die ent-
sprechende Anpassungsspanne ge-
mäß diesem § 3(d) festgelegt werden, 
und wenn der Unabhängige Berater 
feststellt, dass Änderungen hinsicht-
lich dieser Bedingungen notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße An-
wendung des Neuen Benchmarksat-
zes und der entsprechenden Anpas-
sungsspanne zu gewährleisten (diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-Ände-
rungen"), dann wird der Unabhängige 
Berater die Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen.
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any rele-
vant New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread are de-
termined in accordance with this 
§ 3(d), and if the Independent Adviser 
determines that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such New Bench-
mark Rate and the applicable Adjust-
ment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"), then the 
Independent Adviser will determine 
the Benchmark Amendments. 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein 
Neuer Benchmarksatz und die ent-
sprechende Anpassungsspanne ge-
mäß diesem § 3(d) festgelegt wird, 
und wenn der Unabhängige Berater 
bzw. die Emittentin feststellt, dass Än-
derungen hinsichtlich dieser Bedin-
gungen notwendig sind, um die ord-
nungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen Benchmarksatzes und der ent-
sprechenden Anpassungsspanne zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, die 
"Benchmark-Änderungen"), 
dann 
wird der Unabhängige Berater bzw. 
die Emittentin die Benchmark-Ände-
rungen feststellen.
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any rele-
vant New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is de-
termined in accordance with this 
§ 3(d), and if the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) de-
termines that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such New Bench-
mark Rate and the applicable Adjust-
ment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"), then the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
the case may be) will determine the 
Benchmark Amendments. 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen kön-
nen insbesondere folgende Regelun-
gen in diesen Bedingungen erfassen:
The Benchmark Amendments may in-
clude, without limitation, the following 
provisions of these Conditions:
 
 
(A) 
den Referenzsatz einschließlich 
der "Bildschirmseite" und/oder 
(in Ersetzung von Ziffer (i) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Refe-
renzsatz" in § 3(c)) die Methode 
zur Bestimmung des Ausweich-
satzes (sog. Fallback) für den 
Referenzsatz einschließlich des 
Referenzbankensatzes; und/o-
der 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including 
the "Screen Page" and/or (in re-
placement of clause (i) of the 
definition of the term "Refer-
ence Rate" in § 3(c)) the method 
for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Reference 
Rate, including the Reference 
Bank Rate; and/or 
 
 
(B) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", "Geschäftstage-
konvention", 
"Zinsperiode", 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business Day", "Business Day 
Convention", "Interest Period", 
"Day Count Fraction", "Interest

--- Page 76 ---
76 
"Zinstagequotient", "Zinsfestset-
zungstag" und/oder "Zinszah-
lungstag" (einschließlich der 
Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend vor oder zu 
Beginn der betreffenden Zins-
periode oder zurückblickend 
vor oder zu dem Ende der be-
treffenden 
Zinsperiode 
be-
stimmt wird); und/oder
Determination Date" and/or "In-
terest Payment Date" (including 
the determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be deter-
mined in advance on or prior to 
the commencement of the rele-
vant Interest Period or in arrear 
on or prior to the end of the rel-
evant Interest Period); and/or 
 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 5(d).
(C) 
the business day convention in 
§ 5(d).
 
 
(v) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird 
einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, die An-
passungsspanne und etwaige Bench-
mark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(d) bzw. den Ausweichsatz gemäß 
§ 3(d)(ii) dem Fiscal Agent, der Be-
rechnungsstelle, den Zahlstellen und 
gemäß § 11 den Anleihegläubigern 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald eine solche 
Mitteilung (nach Ansicht der Emitten-
tin) nach deren Feststellung erforder-
lich ist, spätestens jedoch an dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffen-
den Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat 
den Stichtag zu benennen.  
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amend-
ments (if any) determined in accord-
ance with this § 3(d) or the fallback 
rate in accordance with § 3(d)(ii), as 
the case may be, to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with § 11, 
the Noteholders as soon as such noti-
fication is (in the Issuer's view) required 
following the determination thereof, 
but in any event not later than on the 
10th Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Such no-
tice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date.
 
 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpas-
sungsspanne und etwaige Bench-
mark-Änderungen bzw. der Ausweich-
satz, die jeweils in der Mitteilung be-
nannt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein of-
fensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Be-
rechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und 
die Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die Be-
dingungen gelten ab dem Stichtag als 
durch den Neuen Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne und die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjust-
ment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) or the fallback 
rate, as the case may be, each as spec-
ified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Is-
suer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. The Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended by 
the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjust-
ment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) with effect from 
the Effective Date.
 
 
An oder vor dem Tag dieser Mitteilung 
hat die Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent 
und der Berechnungsstelle eine durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte 
der 
Emittentin unterzeichnete Bescheini-
gung zu überlassen, die
On or prior to the date of such notice, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer: 
 
(A)
(A)
 
(I) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis ein-
getreten ist;
(I) 
confirming that a Bench-
mark Event has occurred; 
 
 
(II) 
den nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
(II) 
specifying the relevant 
New Benchmark Rate

--- Page 77 ---
77
§ 3(d) 
festgestellten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
benennt;  
determined in accord-
ance with the provisions 
of this § 3(d);  
 
(III) 
die entsprechende An-
passungsspanne und et-
waige Benchmark-Ände-
rungen benennt, die je-
weils nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(d) festgestellt wur-
den; und 
(III) 
specifying the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amend-
ments (if any), each de-
termined in accordance 
with the provisions of this 
§ 3(d); and 
 
 
(IV) 
den Stichtag benennt; 
und
(IV) 
specifying the Effective 
Date; and
 
 
(B) 
bestätigt, dass die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
not-
wendig sind, um die ordnungs-
gemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen Benchmarksatzes und 
der entsprechenden Anpas-
sungsspanne zu gewährleisten.
(B) 
confirming that the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) are neces-
sary to ensure the proper oper-
ation of such relevant New 
Benchmark Rate and the appli-
cable Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
(vi) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in die-
sem § 3(d):
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(d): 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, 
negativ oder gleich Null sein kann, 
wird in Basispunkten ausgedrückt und 
bezeichnet entweder (x) die Spanne 
oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berech-
nung der Spanne, die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may 
be positive, negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points and means 
either (x) the spread or (y) the result of 
the operation of the formula or meth-
odology for calculating the spread, 
which 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatzes formell im Zusam-
menhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksat-
zes 
durch den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem Nomi-
nierungsgremium 
empfohlen 
wird; oder 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate with the Suc-
cessor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung ge-
mäß Ziffer (1) abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines Alter-
nativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
übli-
cherweise an den internationa-
len Anleihekapitalmärkten auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz an-
gewendet wird, um einen in-
dustrieweit akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den Unab-
hängigen Berater nach billigem 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursu-
ant to clause (1) has been 
made, or in the case of an Alter-
native Benchmark Rate) is cus-
tomarily applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in the interna-
tional debt capital markets to 
produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate 
for the Original Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determi-
nations will be made by the In-
dependent Adviser in its reason-
able discretion; or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Ermessen vorgenommen wer-
den; oder
 
(3) 
(sofern der Unabhängige Bera-
ter nach billigem Ermessen fest-
stellt, dass keine solche Spanne 
üblicherweise 
angewendet 
wird, und dass das Folgende für 
die Schuldverschreibungen an-
gemessen ist) als industriewei-
ter Standard für Over-the-
Counter Derivatetransaktionen, 
die sich auf den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, aner-
kannt oder bestätigt ist, wenn 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmark-
satz durch den Neuen Bench-
marksatz ersetzt worden ist, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen Bera-
ter nach billigem Ermessen vor-
genommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion deter-
mines that no such spread is 
customarily applied and that 
the following would be appro-
priate for the Notes) is recog-
nized or acknowledged as be-
ing the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by the 
New Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Ad-
viser in its reasonable discretion. 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes:
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, 
negativ oder gleich Null sein kann, 
wird in Basispunkten ausgedrückt und 
bezeichnet entweder (x) die Spanne 
oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berech-
nung der Spanne, die
"Adjustment Spread", expressed in 
basis points, means either (x) the 
spread (which may be positive, nega-
tive or zero), or (y) the result of the op-
eration of the formula or methodol-
ogy for calculating the spread, 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies:
 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatzes formell im Zusam-
menhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksat-
zes durch 
den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem Nomi-
nierungsgremium 
empfohlen 
wird; oder
(1) 
which in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate with the Suc-
cessor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung ge-
mäß Ziffer (1) abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines Alter-
nativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
übli-
cherweise an den internationa-
len Anleihekapitalmärkten auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz an-
gewendet wird, um einen in-
dustrieweit akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den Unab-
hängigen Berater bzw. die Emit-
tentin nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden.
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursu-
ant to clause (1) has been 
made, or in the case of an Alter-
native Benchmark Rate) is cus-
tomarily applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in the interna-
tional debt capital markets to 
produce an industry-accepted 
replacement reference rate for 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determina-
tions will be made by the Inde-
pendent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as the case may be) in its rea-
sonable discretion.

--- Page 79 ---
79
 
(3) 
(sofern der Unabhängige Bera-
ter bzw. die Emittentin nach bil-
ligem Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine solche Spanne üblicher-
weise angewendet wird, und 
dass das Folgende für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ange-
messen ist) als industrieweiter 
Standard für Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die sich 
auf den Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz beziehen, anerkannt 
oder bestätigt ist, wenn der Ur-
sprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch den Neuen Benchmark-
satz ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
bzw. die Emittentin nach billi-
gem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) 
in its reasonable discretion de-
termines that no such spread is 
customarily applied and that 
the following would be appro-
priate for the Notes) is recog-
nized or acknowledged as be-
ing the industry standard for 
over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions which reference 
the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by the 
New Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Ad-
viser or the Issuer (as the case 
may be) in its reasonable discre-
tion. 
 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeich-
net eine alternative Benchmark oder 
einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den inter-
nationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen 
in der Festgelegten Währung ange-
wendet wird, wobei sämtliche Feststel-
lungen durch den Unabhängigen Be-
rater vorgenommen werden.
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark or 
an alternative screen rate which is cus-
tomarily applied in the international 
debt capital markets for the purpose 
of determining floating rates of inter-
est in the Specified Currency, provided 
that all determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser. 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
not appli-
cable, the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn Fest-
legung 
durch die 
Emittentin 
anwend-
bar ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeich-
net eine alternative Benchmark oder 
einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den inter-
nationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen 
(oder dazugehörigen Zinskomponen-
ten) in der Festgelegten Währung an-
gewendet wird, wobei sämtliche Fest-
stellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater bzw. die Emittentin vorge-
nommen werden. 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark or 
an alternative screen rate which is cus-
tomarily applied in the international 
debt capital markets for the purpose 
of determining floating rates of inter-
est (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency, pro-
vided that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as the case may be). 
If 
Issuer 
determi-
nation 
is 
applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn:
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen durch oder im Na-
men der für den Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
(1) 
a public statement or publica-
tion of information by or on be-
half of the regulatory supervisor 
of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made, (x) stat-
ing that said administrator has

--- Page 80 ---
80 
marksatzes zuständigen Auf-
sichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen 
wird, (x) aus der hervorgeht, 
dass dieser Administrator die 
Bereitstellung des Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksatzes dauer-
haft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatz weiterhin bereitstellt, 
oder (y) aufgrund derer der Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmarksatz all-
gemein oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
mehr verwendet werden darf; 
oder
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, un-
less there is a successor admin-
istrator that will continue to pro-
vide the Original Benchmark 
Rate, or (y) as a consequence of 
which the Original Benchmark 
Rate will be prohibited from be-
ing used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen durch oder im Na-
men des Administrators des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, die besagt, 
dass der Administrator die Be-
reitstellung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes dauerhaft o-
der auf unbestimmte Zeit ein-
gestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
es sei denn, es gibt einen Nach-
folgeadministrator, der den Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin bereitstellt; oder
(2) 
a public statement or publica-
tion of information by or on be-
half of the Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator 
has ceased or will cease to pro-
vide the Original Benchmark 
Rate permanently or indefi-
nitely, unless there is a successor 
administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Bench-
mark Rate; or 
 
 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administ-
rators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes veröffentlicht 
wird, wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht 
nach nicht mehr repräsentativ 
für den zugrunde liegenden 
Markt, den er zu messen vor-
gibt, ist oder sein wird, und 
keine von der Aufsichtsbehörde 
des Administrators des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen zur 
Behebung einer solchen Situa-
tion ergriffen worden sind oder 
zu erwarten sind; oder
(3) 
a public statement by the regu-
latory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made that, in its view, the 
Original Benchmark Rate is no 
longer representative, or will no 
longer be representative, of the 
underlying market it purports to 
measure and no action to reme-
diate such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as re-
quired by the supervisor of the 
Original Benchmark Rate ad-
ministrator; or 
 
 
(4) 
die Verwendung des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes aus ir-
gendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, 
die in Bezug auf die Zahlstellen, 
die Berechnungsstelle, die Emit-
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful under any law or regu-
lation applicable to any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or any other party to 
use the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or

--- Page 81 ---
81
tentin oder jeden Dritten an-
wendbar sind, rechtswidrig ge-
worden ist; oder  
 
(5) 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmark-
satz ohne vorherige offizielle 
Ankündigung durch die zustän-
dige Behörde oder den Admi-
nistrator dauerhaft nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht wird; oder  
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is 
permanently no longer pub-
lished without a previous official 
announcement by the compe-
tent authority or the administra-
tor; or 
 
 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der 
Methodologie des Ursprüngli-
chen Benchmarksatzes vorge-
nommen wird.
(6) 
material change is made to the 
Original Benchmark Rate meth-
odology. 
 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
be-
zeichnet einen Nachfolger oder Ersatz 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, 
der formell durch das Nominierungs-
gremium empfohlen wurde.
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means 
a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is for-
mally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.
 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß diesem § 3(d) be-
stimmten Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Bench-
mark Rate determined in accordance 
with this § 3(d).
 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des Ur-
sprünglichen Benchmarksatzes:
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, 
in respect of the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate:
 
 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Wäh-
rung, in der die Benchmark o-
der der Bildschirmsatz darge-
stellt wird oder eine Zentral-
bank oder andere Aufsichtsbe-
hörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators der Benchmark 
oder des Bildschirmsatzes zu-
ständig ist; oder
(1) 
the central bank for the cur-
rency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or 
other 
supervisory 
authority 
which is responsible for super-
vising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
 
 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden 
Ausschuss gefördert durch, ge-
führt oder mitgeführt von oder 
gebildet von (I) der Zentralbank 
für die Währung in der die 
Benchmark oder der Bild-
schirmsatz dargestellt wird, (II) 
einer Zentralbank oder ande-
ren Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die Aufsicht des Administrators 
der Benchmark oder des Bild-
schirmsatzes zuständig ist, (III) 
einer Gruppe der zuvor ge-
nannten Zentralbanken oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbehörden o-
der (IV) dem Finanzstabilitäts-
rat (Financial Stability Board) o-
der Teilen davon.
(2) 
any working group or commit-
tee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (I) the central bank 
for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (II) any cen-
tral bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administra-
tor of the benchmark or screen 
rate 
(as applicable), 
(III) a 
group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervi-
sory authorities or (IV) the Fi-
nancial Stability Board or any 
part thereof.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet 
ein von der Emittentin ernanntes un-
abhängiges Finanzinstitut mit interna-
tionalem Ansehen oder einen ande-
ren unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung in den internationalen An-
leihekapitalmärkten.
"Independent Adviser" means an in-
dependent financial institution of in-
ternational repute or other independ-
ent financial adviser experienced in 
the international debt capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
 
 
(vii) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des 
Neuen Benchmarksatzes, der Anpas-
sungsspanne 
und 
der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß die-
sem § 3(d) (der "Stichtag") ist der Zins-
festsetzungstag, der auf den frühes-
ten der folgenden Tage fällt oder die-
sem nachfolgt: 
(vii) 
The effective date for the application 
of the New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined un-
der this § 3(d) (the "Effective Date") 
will be the Interest Determination 
Date falling on or after the earliest of 
the following dates: 
 
 
(A) 
den Tag, an dem die Veröffent-
lichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird, an dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz eingestellt wird 
bzw. ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr re-
präsentativ ist oder sein wird, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffern (1), (2) 
bzw. (3) der Definition des Be-
griffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" ein-
getreten ist; oder
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has oc-
curred as a result of clauses (1), 
(2) or (3) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date of cessation of publication 
of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, the date of the discontinu-
ation of the Original Bench-
mark Rate or the date as from 
which the Original Benchmark 
Rate is or will no longer repre-
sentative, as the case may be; or 
 
 
(B) 
den Tag, ab dem der Ursprüng-
liche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr verwendet werden darf, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Ziffer (4) der Defi-
nition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has oc-
curred as a result of clause (4) of 
the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date 
from which the prohibition ap-
plies; or 
 
 
(C) 
den Tag des Eintritts des Bench-
mark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
der Ziffern (5) oder (6) der Defi-
nition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist.
(C) 
 if the Benchmark Event has oc-
curred as a result of clauses (5) 
or (6) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event.
 
 
(viii) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Be-
zug auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(d) entsprechend 
für die Ersetzung des Neuen Bench-
marksatzes durch einen neuen Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt 
jede Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf 
den Begriff "Ursprünglicher Bench-
marksatz" als Bezugnahme auf den 
zuletzt verwendeten Neuen Bench-
marksatz.
(viii) If a Benchmark Event occurs in rela-
tion to any New Benchmark Rate, 
§ 3(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the replacement of such New Bench-
mark Rate by any new Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. 
In this case, any reference in this § 3 to 
the term "Original Benchmark Rate" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate that last ap-
plied.

--- Page 83 ---
83
 
(ix) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede Bezug-
nahme auf den Begriff "Ursprüngli-
cher Benchmarksatz" gegebenenfalls 
auch eine Bezugnahme auf eine et-
waige Teilkomponente des Ursprüng-
lichen Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in 
Bezug auf diese Teilkomponente ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any 
component part thereof, if any, in re-
spect of which a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
 
 
(e) 
Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu o-
der baldmöglichst nach jedem Zinsfestset-
zungstag, den auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen fälligen Zinsbetrag bezogen auf jeden 
Festgelegten Nennbetrag (der "Zinsbe-
trag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode be-
rechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, in-
dem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient 
(wie nachstehend definiert) auf jeden Fest-
gelegten Nennbetrag angewendet werden, 
wobei der resultierende Betrag auf den 
nächsten EUR 0,01 auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei EUR 0,005 aufgerundet werden. 
(e) 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each Inter-
est Determination Date, calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant In-
terest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
and the Day Count Fraction (as defined be-
low) to each Specified Denomination and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
EUR 0.01, EUR 0.005 being rounded up-
wards.  
 
 
(f) 
Mitteilungen. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbe-
trag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jewei-
lige Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszah-
lungstag der Emittentin und den Anlei-
hegläubigern durch Mitteilung gemäß § 11 
und jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf Veranlas-
sung der Emittentin notiert sind und deren 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlan-
gen, unverzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als 
am ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlänge-
rung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode kön-
nen der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszah-
lungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträg-
lich angepasst (oder andere geeignete An-
passungsregelungen 
getroffen) 
werden. 
Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend al-
len maßgeblichen Börsen, an denen die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, 
sowie den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 
mitgeteilt. 
(f) 
Notifications. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period, each Inter-
est Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and to the 
Noteholders by notice in accordance with 
§ 11 and, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are from time 
to time listed at the initiative of the Issuer, to 
such stock exchange, without undue delay, 
but in no event later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so noti-
fied may subsequently be amended (or ap-
propriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the In-
terest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to any relevant stock ex-
change on which the Notes are then listed at 
the initiative of the Issuer and to the Note-
holders in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(g) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Be-
scheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierun-
gen und Entscheidungen, die von der Be-
rechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 ge-
macht, abgegeben, getroffen oder einge-
holt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensicht-
licher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, den 
Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Anleihe-
gläubiger bindend.
(g) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, com-
munications, opinions, determinations, cal-
culations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the pur-
poses of the provisions of this § 3 by the Cal-
culation Agent shall (in the absence of man-
ifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agents and the Notehold-
ers.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(h) 
Ende des Zinslaufs. Der Zinslauf der Schuld-
verschreibungen endet an dem Ende des Ta-
ges, der dem Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emitten-
tin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht zurückzahlt, endet die Verzinsung des 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht am Tag vor dem Fällig-
keitstag, sondern erst an dem Ende des Ta-
ges, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzah-
lung der Schuldverschreibungen voraus-
geht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz wird ge-
mäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger bleiben un-
berührt. 
(h) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the end of the 
day preceding their due date for redemp-
tion. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to accrue 
on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes beyond the due date until the end of 
the day preceding the actual redemption of 
the Notes. The applicable rate of interest will 
be determined in accordance with this § 3. 
This does not affect any additional rights 
that might be available to the Noteholders. 
 
§ 4
Rückzahlung
§ 4
Redemption
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits insgesamt oder teilweise zu-
rückgezahlt oder angekauft und eingezo-
gen, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Festgelegten Nennbetrag an dem 
Zinszahlungstag, der auf oder um den [Da-
tum einfügen] fällt (der "Endfälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity. To the extent not 
previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their Specified Denomination 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
around [insert date] (the "Maturity Date").  
 
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Eintritt eines 
Gross-Up-Ereignisses.
(b) 
Early redemption following a Gross-Up 
Event.
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-Up-Ereignis (wie nachste-
hend definiert) eintritt, ist die Emittentin be-
rechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen mit Wir-
kung an jedem Zinszahlungstag (insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht nur teilweise) durch Erklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen zu kündigen. 
Die Emittentin ist verpflichtet, jede Schuld-
verschreibung an dem in der Kündigungser-
klärung festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu 
ihrem Festgelegten Nennbetrag zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross-Up Event (as defined below) oc-
curs, the Issuer may call and redeem the 
Notes (in whole but not in part) with effect on 
any Interest Payment Date on giving not less 
than 15 days' notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). The Issuer shall redeem each Note at 
its Specified Denomination together with ac-
crued interest on the redemption date speci-
fied in the notice. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet 
wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 defi-
niert) zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre.
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6) were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due.
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Ein "Gross-Up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin 
dem Fiscal Agent eine Kopie davon über-
lässt), aus dem hervorgeht, dass aufgrund ei-
ner Änderung oder Klarstellung von Geset-
zen, Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vorschrif-
ten, oder aufgrund einer Änderung oder 
Klarstellung der Auslegung oder Anwen-
dung, oder aufgrund einer erstmaligen Aus-
legung oder Anwendung dieser Gesetze, 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognized law firm has been delivered to 
the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the 
Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating 
that, as a result of any change in, or amend-
ment or clarification to, the laws, regulations 
or other rules, or as a result of any change in, 
or amendment or clarification to, the inter-
pretation or application, or as a result of any 
interpretation or application made for the 
first time, of any such laws, regulations or

--- Page 85 ---
85
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vorschriften 
durch eine gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein 
Gericht oder eine Behörde (einschließlich 
des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie der Be-
kanntmachung von Entscheidungen eines 
Gerichts oder einer Behörde) die Emittentin 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zu-
sätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen zu zahlen, wenn die Ände-
rung oder Klarstellung an oder nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der ersten Tranche der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft tritt (ein-
schließlich des Falles, dass die betreffende 
Änderung oder Klarstellung rückwirkend An-
wendung findet), und die Emittentin diese 
Verpflichtung nicht abwenden kann, indem 
sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie nach Treu 
und Glauben für zumutbar und angemessen 
hält.
other rules by any legislative body, court or 
authority (including the enactment of any 
legislation and the publication of any deci-
sion of any court or authority), which change, 
amendment or clarification becomes effec-
tive on or after the date of issue of the first 
tranche of the Notes (including in case any 
such change, amendment or clarification 
has retroactive effect), the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obli-
gation cannot be avoided by the Issuer tak-
ing such measures it (acting in good faith) 
deems reasonable and appropriate. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin oder die Garantin erst-
mals verpflichtet wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge 
(wie in § 6 definiert) zu zahlen, falls eine Zah-
lung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig wäre, bzw. nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag, an dem frühestens eine ordnungs-
gemäße Zahlungsaufforderung unter der 
Garantie erfolgen könnte.
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would 
be for the first time obliged to pay any Addi-
tional Amounts (as defined in § 6) were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due or 
(as the case may be) not earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date of a demand for 
payment to be duly made under the Guaran-
tee.
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
Ein "Gross-Up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin ein Gutachten 
einer anerkannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt 
(und die Emittentin oder die Garantin dem 
Fiscal Agent eine Kopie davon überlässt), 
aus dem hervorgeht, dass aufgrund einer 
Änderung oder Klarstellung von Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vorschriften, 
oder aufgrund einer Änderung oder Klarstel-
lung der Auslegung oder Anwendung, oder 
aufgrund einer erstmaligen Auslegung oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze, Verordnungen 
oder sonstigen Vorschriften durch eine ge-
setzgebende Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder 
eine Behörde (einschließlich des Erlasses von 
Gesetzen sowie der Bekanntmachung von 
Entscheidungen eines Gerichts oder einer 
Behörde) die Emittentin verpflichtet ist oder 
verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, oder die Garantin verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Be-
träge auf fällige Beträge aus der Garantie zu 
zahlen, wenn die Änderung oder Klarstel-
lung an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibun-
gen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich des Falles, 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognized law firm has been delivered to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (and the Issuer or 
the Guarantor has provided the Fiscal Agent 
with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result 
of any change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the laws, regulations or other rules, or 
as a result of any change in, or amendment 
or clarification to, the interpretation or appli-
cation, or as a result of any interpretation or 
application made for the first time, of any 
such laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (including 
the enactment of any legislation and the 
publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first tranche of the 
Notes (including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retroactive 
effect), the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 6 
on the Notes or the Guarantor has or will be-
come obliged to pay Additional Amounts in 
respect of payments due under the Guaran-
tee, and that obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor, respectively,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
dass die betreffende Änderung oder Klar-
stellung rückwirkend Anwendung findet), 
und die Emittentin oder die Garantin diese 
Verpflichtung nicht abwenden kann, indem 
sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie nach Treu 
und Glauben für zumutbar und angemessen 
hält.
taking such measures it (acting in good faith) 
deems reasonable and appropriate. 
 
(c) 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Eintritt eines Steuerereignisses] [und] 
[,] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin] [[und] [,] Vorzeitige Rückzah-
lung wegen eines geringen ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags] [und Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses].
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option of the Is-
suer] [Early redemption following a Tax 
Event] [and] [,] [Early redemption at the op-
tion of the Issuer] [[and] [,] Early redemption 
for a minimal outstanding principal amount] 
[and Early redemption following a Bench-
mark Event]. 
 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor dem Endfällig-
keitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach Maß-
gabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date, otherwise than 
provided in § 4(b). 
If 
Notes 
are 
not 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
pursuant 
to 
§ 4(c), 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
Eintritt ei-
nes Steuer-
ereignisses 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes:
[(i)] 
Sofern ein Steuerereignis (wie nach-
stehend definiert) eintritt, ist die Emit-
tentin berechtigt, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit Wirkung an jedem Zins-
zahlungstag (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
nur teilweise) durch Erklärung gemäß 
§ 4(d) unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 15 Tagen zu kündi-
gen. Die Emittentin ist verpflichtet, 
jede Schuldverschreibung an dem in 
der Kündigungserklärung festgeleg-
ten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem Festge-
legten Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufge-
laufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.
[(i)] 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) oc-
curs, the Issuer may call and redeem 
the Notes (in whole but not in part) 
with effect on any Interest Payment 
Date on giving not less than 15 days' 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). The 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its 
Specified Denomination together with 
accrued interest on the redemption 
date specified in the notice. 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
early 
re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer fol-
lowing 
a 
Tax Event, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
Im Falle eines Steuerereignisses darf 
eine 
solche 
Kündigungserklärung 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag 
erfolgen, an dem die Abzugsfähigkeit 
des Zinsaufwands entfallen würde.
In the case of a Tax Event, no such no-
tice of redemption may be given ear-
lier than 90 days prior to the date, on 
which the deductibility of the interest 
expense would fall away.
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer aner-
kannten Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und 
die Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent eine 
A "Tax Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognized law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy 
thereof) stating that, as a result of any 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE,

--- Page 87 ---
87
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Kopie davon überlässt), aus dem her-
vorgeht, dass aufgrund einer Ände-
rung oder Klarstellung von Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vor-
schriften, oder aufgrund einer Ände-
rung oder Klarstellung der Auslegung 
oder Anwendung, oder aufgrund ei-
ner erstmaligen Auslegung oder An-
wendung dieser Gesetze, Verordnun-
gen oder sonstigen Vorschriften durch 
eine gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein 
Gericht oder eine Behörde (einschließ-
lich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entschei-
dungen eines Gerichts oder einer Be-
hörde), der Zinsaufwand aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen für die Emit-
tentin nicht mehr für die Zwecke der 
Ertragsteuer voll abzugsfähig ist, bzw. 
nicht mehr voll abzugsfähig sein wird, 
wenn die Änderung oder Klarstellung 
an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der ersten Tranche der Schuldver-
schreibungen in Kraft tritt (einschließ-
lich des Falles, dass die betreffende 
Änderung oder Klarstellung rückwir-
kend Anwendung findet), und die 
Emittentin dies nicht abwenden kann, 
indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie 
nach Treu und Glauben für zumutbar 
und angemessen hält.
change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the in-
terpretation or application, or as a re-
sult of any interpretation or applica-
tion made for the first time, of any such 
laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (in-
cluding the enactment of any legisla-
tion and the publication of any deci-
sion of any court or authority), which 
change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the first tranche of the Notes 
(including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retro-
active effect), the interest expense in 
respect of the Notes is no longer, or 
will no longer be, fully deductible by 
the Issuer for income tax purposes, 
and that this cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking such measures it (acting 
in good faith) deems reasonable and 
appropriate. 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Ein "Steuerereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin ein Gut-
achten einer anerkannten Anwalts-
kanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin o-
der die Garantin dem Fiscal Agent 
eine Kopie davon überlässt), aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung von Geset-
zen, Verordnungen oder sonstigen 
Vorschriften, oder aufgrund einer Än-
derung oder Klarstellung der Ausle-
gung oder Anwendung, oder auf-
grund einer erstmaligen Auslegung o-
der Anwendung dieser Gesetze, Ver-
ordnungen oder sonstigen Vorschrif-
ten durch eine gesetzgebende Kör-
perschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Be-
hörde (einschließlich des Erlasses von 
Gesetzen sowie der Bekanntmachung 
von Entscheidungen eines Gerichts o-
der einer Behörde), der Zinsaufwand 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen für 
die Emittentin nicht mehr für die Zwe-
cke der Ertragsteuer voll abzugsfähig 
ist, bzw. nicht mehr voll abzugsfähig 
A "Tax Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognized law firm has been deliv-
ered to the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(and the Issuer or the Guarantor has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy 
thereof) stating that, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarifica-
tion to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the in-
terpretation or application, or as a re-
sult of any interpretation or applica-
tion made for the first time, of any such 
laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (in-
cluding the enactment of any legisla-
tion and the publication of any deci-
sion of any court or authority), which 
change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the first tranche of the Notes 
(including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retro-
active effect), the interest expense in 
respect of the Notes is no longer, or 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
sein wird, oder Beträge, die von der 
Garantin aus der Garantie zu zahlen 
sind, von der Garantin nicht mehr für 
die Zwecke der Ertragsteuer voll ab-
zugsfähig sind, bzw. nicht mehr voll 
abzugsfähig sein werden, wenn die 
Änderung oder Klarstellung an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der ers-
ten Tranche der Schuldverschreibun-
gen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich des 
Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung 
oder Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwen-
dung findet), und die Emittentin bzw. 
die Garantin dies nicht abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, 
die sie nach Treu und Glauben für zu-
mutbar und angemessen hält.
will no longer be, fully deductible by 
the Issuer for income tax purposes or 
any amount payable by the Guaran-
tor under the Guarantee is no longer, 
or will no longer be, fully deductible by 
the Guarantor for income tax pur-
poses, and that this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer or the Guaran-
tor, respectively, taking such measures 
it (acting in good faith) deems reason-
able and appropriate. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl vor-
zeitig 
zu-
rückzuzah-
len, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
[(ii)] Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem / den 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(insge-
samt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) durch 
Erklärung gemäß § 4(d) unter Einhal-
tung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
fünf Tagen zu kündigen. Die Emitten-
tin ist verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung an dem in der Erklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten Call-Rück-
zahlungstag zu ihrem Festgelegten 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.
[(ii)] The Issuer may call and redeem the 
Notes (in whole but not in part) on the 
Call Redemption Date(s) on giving not 
less than five days' notice in accord-
ance with § 4(d). The Issuer shall re-
deem each Note at its Specified De-
nomination together with accrued in-
terest on the Call Redemption Date 
fixed in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). 
If 
Notes 
are subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer, the 
following 
applies: 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e)
Call Redemption Date(s)
[Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen]
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
we-
gen eines 
geringen 
ausstehen-
den Nenn-
betrags 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iii)] Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der ausstehen-
den Schuldverschreibungen auf 25 % 
oder weniger des Gesamtnennbetra-
ges der Schuldverschreibungen der 
Serie, die zuvor ausgegeben wurden, 
fällt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen mit Wirkung 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag (insge-
samt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) durch 
Erklärung gemäß § 4(d) unter Einhal-
tung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
fünf Tagen zu kündigen. Die Emitten-
tin ist verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung an dem in der Kündi-
gungserklärung festgelegten Rück-
zahlungstag zu ihrem Festgelegten 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.
[(iii)] If at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 25 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of the Series previously is-
sued, the Issuer may call and redeem 
the Notes (in whole but not in part) 
with effect on any Interest Payment 
Date on giving not less than five days' 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). The 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its 
Specified Denomination together with 
accrued interest on the redemption 
date specified in the notice. 
If 
Notes 
are subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer for a 
minimal 
outstand-
ing princi-
pal 
amount, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 89 ---
89
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
Eintritt ei-
nes Bench-
mark-Er-
eignisses 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iv)] Sofern ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Be-
zug auf den Ursprünglichen Bench-
marksatz oder den Neuen Bench-
marksatz eintritt, die Emittentin je-
doch vor dem 10. Geschäftstag vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestset-
zungstag keinen Unabhängigen Be-
rater ernennt oder vor dem 10. Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betreffenden Zins-
festsetzungstag kein Neuer Bench-
marksatz gemäß § 3(d) festgelegt 
wird, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit (ins-
gesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Erklärung gemäß § 4(d) unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weni-
ger als fünf Tagen mit Wirkung zu dem 
in der Kündigungserklärung für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag zu kün-
digen. Die Emittentin ist verpflichtet, 
jede Schuldverschreibung an dem in 
der Kündigungserklärung festgeleg-
ten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem Festge-
legten Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufge-
laufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.
[(iv)] If a Benchmark Event occurs in rela-
tion to the Original Benchmark Rate 
or the New Benchmark Rate but the Is-
suer does not appoint an Independ-
ent Adviser prior to the 10th Business 
Day prior to the relevant Interest De-
termination Date or no New Bench-
mark Rate is determined in accord-
ance with § 3(d) prior to the 10th Busi-
ness Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer may 
call and redeem the Notes (in whole 
but not in part) at any time with effect 
as of the date fixed for redemption in 
the notice on giving not less than five 
days' notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
The Issuer shall redeem each Note at 
its Specified Denomination together 
with accrued interest on the redemp-
tion date specified in the notice. 
If 
Notes 
are subject 
to early re-
demption 
at the op-
tion of the 
Issuer fol-
lowing 
a 
Bench-
mark 
Event, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung. Die Kündigung er-
folgt durch Mitteilung der Emittentin gemäß 
§ 11. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich. 
(d) 
Notice. The appropriate notice of redemp-
tion is a notice given by the Issuer in accord-
ance with § 11 which notice shall be irrevoca-
ble.
 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung 
der Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, um-
gehend Mitteilung über die Kündigung ma-
chen.
The Issuer will inform, if required by such 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed 
at the initiative of the Issuer, such stock ex-
change as soon as possible of such redemp-
tion. 
 
 
(e) 
Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Anleihegläubigers.
(e) 
No early redemption at the option of a Note-
holder.
 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen 
des § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von 
der Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen.
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to put 
the Notes for redemption otherwise than 
provided in § 8 at any time. 
 
(f)
Erwerb.
(f)
Purchase.
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften können jederzeit vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem be-
liebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at 
any time and subject to mandatory provi-
sions of law purchase Notes in the open mar-
ket or otherwise and at any price. Such ac-
quired Notes may be cancelled, held or re-
sold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin oder die Garantin oder jede 
ihrer jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften kön-
nen jederzeit vorbehaltlich zwingender ge-
setzlicher Regelungen Schuldverschreibun-
gen auf dem freien Markt oder anderweitig 
sowie zu jedem beliebigen Preis erwerben. 
Derartig erworbene Schuldverschreibungen 
können eingezogen, gehalten oder wieder 
veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their re-
spective subsidiaries may at any time and 
subject to mandatory provisions of law pur-
chase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may 
be cancelled, held or resold. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
Im Fall ei-
ner Vorläu-
figen Glo-
balur-
kunde 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen er-
folgt an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der je-
weiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach ordnungs-
gemäßem Nachweis gemäß § 1(c).
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal and interest 
on the Notes shall be made to, or to the order 
of, the Clearing System for credit to the rele-
vant account holders of the Clearing System. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note shall be made, 
upon due certification as provided in § 1(c). 
In the case 
of a Tem-
porary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: 
Falls 
nur 
eine 
Per-
manente 
Globalur-
kunde 
emittiert 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar:
(a) 
Zahlungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen er-
folgt an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der je-
weiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(a) 
Payments. Payment of principal and interest 
on the Notes shall be made to, or to the order 
of, the Clearing System for credit to the rele-
vant account holders of the Clearing System. 
In the case 
only a Per-
manent 
Global 
Note 
will 
be issued, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen wer-
den in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlun-
gen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen 
unter dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien und Verordnungen oder Ver-
träge, denen sich die Emittentin, der Fiscal 
Agent oder eine Zahlstelle unterworfen ha-
ben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die Emittentin nicht 
verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge als Aus-
gleich für irgendwelche Steuern oder Abga-
ben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund solcher 
steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen 
oder Verträge auferlegt oder erhoben wer-
den, an die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen.
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. No commis-
sion or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. All 
payments are subject to all applicable fiscal 
and other laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent or any Paying Agent have agreed to 
be subject to. Without prejudice to the provi-
sions of § 6, the Issuer will not be obliged to 
pay to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by such fiscal and other laws, regulations, di-
rectives or agreements. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:

--- Page 91 ---
91
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise. Sämtliche auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu leistenden Zahlungen wer-
den in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlun-
gen auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen 
unter dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien und Verordnungen oder Ver-
träge, denen sich die Emittentin, die Garan-
tin, der Fiscal Agent oder eine Zahlstelle un-
terworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 ist die 
Emittentin bzw. die Garantin nicht verpflich-
tet, zusätzliche Beträge als Ausgleich für ir-
gendwelche Steuern oder Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art, die aufgrund solcher steuerli-
chen oder sonstigen gesetzlichen Vorschrif-
ten, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen oder Ver-
träge auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an die 
Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment. Payments of any 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. No commis-
sion or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. All 
payments are subject to all applicable fiscal 
and other laws, directives and regulations or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the Guaran-
tor, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
have agreed to be subject to. Without preju-
dice to the provisions of § 6, the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders any addi-
tional amounts as compensation for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such fiscal and other laws, regu-
lations, directives or agreements. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, für die 
die 
Wäh-
rungsum-
stellungs-
klausel an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes:
Wenn [Name des EWU-Mitgliedsstaats] 
seine Staatsschulden auf eine andere Wäh-
rung als EUR (die "Neue Währung") um-
stellt, wird mit Wirkung ab dem Tag dieser 
Umstellung (der "Umstellungstag") die Fest-
gelegte Währung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen insgesamt, nicht jedoch teilweise, auf die 
Neue Währung umgestellt. Die Emittentin 
wird die Umstellung unverzüglich gemäß 
§ 11 bekannt machen. 
If [name EMU Member State] redenomi-
nates its public debt to a currency other than 
the EUR (the "New Currency"), the Specified 
Currency of the Notes in whole but not in 
part shall be redenominated to the New Cur-
rency with effect from the day of introduction 
of such New Currency (the "Redenomina-
tion Date"). The Issuer shall give notice of 
such fact without undue delay in accordance 
with § 11. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
for which 
the 
re-
denomina-
tion clause 
is applica-
ble, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies: 
 
Mit Wirkung ab dem Umstellungstag gilt 
jede in diesen Bedingungen enthaltene Be-
zugnahme auf die Festgelegte Währung als 
durch eine Bezugnahme auf die Neue Wäh-
rung ersetzt und die Umstellung der Festge-
legten Währung auf die Neue Währung als 
bewirkt. Die Emittentin wird den Festgeleg-
ten Nennbetrag und alle übrigen sich aus ei-
ner Schuldverschreibung ergebenden Zah-
lungsverpflichtungen in die Neue Währung 
konvertieren, indem sie den offiziell für den 
Zeitpunkt der Umstellung der Staatsschul-
den auf die Neue Währung festgelegten 
Umrechnungskurs anwendet und die sich er-
gebende Zahl auf die nächste kleinste Ein-
heit der Neuen Währung rundet (wobei 
0,005 Einheiten aufgerundet werden).
With effect from the Redenomination Date, 
any reference in these Conditions to the 
Specified Currency shall be deemed to be 
substituted by a reference to the New Cur-
rency and the redenomination of the Speci-
fied Currency to the New Currency shall be 
deemed to have been effected. The Issuer 
shall convert the Specified Denomination 
and any other payment obligation due un-
der a Note to the New Currency by applying 
the conversion rate officially fixed for the 
time of redenomination of the public debt 
and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest unit of the New Currency (with 0.005 
units being rounded upwards). 
 
 
Die Mitteilung über die Umstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen hat folgende Anga-
ben zu enthalten: (i) die Bezeichnung der 
umzustellenden Schuldverschreibungen ein-
schließlich ihrer Wertpapierkennungen, (ii) 
The notice regarding the redenomination of 
the Notes shall contain the following infor-
mation: (i) the designation of the Notes to be 
redenominated and its securities identifica-

--- Page 92 ---
92 
die Angabe des für den Zeitpunkt der Um-
stellung der Staatsschulden auf die Neue 
Währung festgelegten Umrechnungskurses, 
(iii) den Umstellungstag und (iv) ggfs. Ände-
rungen der Definition des Begriffs "Ge-
schäftstag".
tion numbers, (ii) the conversion rate offi-
cially fixed for the time of redenomination of 
the public debt to the New Currency, (iii) the 
Redenomination Date and, if applicable, (iv) 
any adjustments to the definition of the term 
"Business Day".
 
Die vor der Umstellung anwendbare Defini-
tion des Begriffs "Geschäftstag" findet auch 
nach der Umstellung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen Anwendung, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin legt in der Mitteilung der Umstel-
lung der Schuldverschreibungen diejenige 
Definition des Begriffs "Geschäftstag" fest, 
die mit der dann bestehenden oder erwarte-
ten Marktpraxis für auf die Neue Währung 
lautenden Schuldverschreibungen, die in in-
ternationalen Clearing Systemen gehalten 
werden, übereinstimmt. 
The definition of the term " Business Day" 
that applies to the Notes prior to the re-
denomination shall also apply to the Notes 
after the redenomination, unless the Issuer, 
in the notice regarding the redenomination 
of the Notes elects to apply to the Notes such 
definition of the term "Business Day" which is 
consistent with the then existing or antici-
pated market practice for notes issued in the 
New Currency and held in international 
clearing systems.  
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder an 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht be-
freit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. bege-
ben 
wer-
den, 
gilt 
Folgendes:
(c) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin 
wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von ih-
rer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
Discharge. The Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor shall be discharged by pay-
ment to, or to the order of, the Clearing Sys-
tem. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
(d) 
Geschäftstage. Ist der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschrei-
bung kein Geschäftstag, wird der Fälligkeits-
tag auf den nächsten Tag verschoben, der 
ein Geschäftstag ist. Für eine solche Zah-
lungsverzögerung werden keine weiteren 
Zinsen gezahlt.
(d) 
Business Days. If any due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Business Day, it will be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day. No further inter-
est shall be paid in respect of the delay in 
such payment. 
 
 
(e) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Be-
zugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf Ka-
(e) 
References to Principal and Interest. Refer-
ences in these Conditions to principal and in-

--- Page 93 ---
93
pital und Zinsen schließen, soweit anwend-
bar, sämtliche gemäß § 6 zahlbaren Zusätz-
lichen Beträge (wie dort definiert) ein. 
terest on the Notes include, to the extent ap-
plicable, all Additional Amounts payable 
pursuant to § 6 (as defined therein). 
§ 6
Besteuerung
§ 6
Taxation
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz SE 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug von Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder be-
hördlicher Gebühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steu-
ern"), die von dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, oder einer seiner Gebietskör-
perschaften oder einer seiner zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen 
Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehal-
ten oder festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emit-
tentin kraft Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechts-
vorschrift zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist. Sofern die Emittentin zu einem sol-
chen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird die 
Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen 
Beträge") an die Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass 
die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge erhalten, die sie 
ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug er-
halten hätten. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind je-
doch nicht zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug 
auf Schuldverschreibungen,
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will 
be paid free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or as-
sessed by the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes or any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such country 
having power to tax, unless the Issuer is compelled 
by law to make such withholding or deduction. If 
the Issuer is required to make such withholding or 
deduction, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Note-
holders as the Noteholders would have received if 
no such withholding or deduction had been re-
quired, except that no such Additional Amounts will 
be payable for any such Taxes in respect of any 
Note: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, die 
nicht nur aus der bloßen Inhaberschaft der 
Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzube-
halten oder abzuziehen sind; oder
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by rea-
son of the relevant Noteholder having some 
connection with the Issuer's country of domi-
cile for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of that Note; or 
 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars o-
der einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch Ab-
gabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung o-
der Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichbaren 
Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung eines Er-
stattungsanspruches hätte vermeiden kön-
nen, aber nicht vermieden hat; oder 
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would be able to avoid by pre-
senting any form or certificate and/or mak-
ing a declaration of non-residence or similar 
claim for exemption or refund but fails to do 
so; or 
 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verord-
nung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung, eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über de-
ren Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) ei-
ner gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtli-
nie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständi-
gung oder dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten 
sind; oder
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pursu-
ant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of inter-
est income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which the Issuer's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes or the Euro-
pean Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or complying with, or in-
troduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty, agreement or under-
standing; or 
 
 
(d) 
im Falle einer Kombination der vorgenann-
ten Varianten.
(d) 
in the case of any combination of the above 
items.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Be-
träge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestim-
mungen), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, 
gemäß den in einer anderen Rechtsordnung in Zu-
sammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen erlasse-
nen Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit 
dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen von der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahl-
stelle oder einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen 
oder einbehalten wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder Anleihegläubiger in Bezug auf einen FATCA-
Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten.  
In any event, the Issuer will not have any obligation 
to pay additional amounts deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent or any 
other party in relation to any withholding or deduc-
tion of any amounts required by the rules of U.S. In-
ternal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 
(or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant 
to any inter-governmental agreement, or imple-
menting legislation adopted by another jurisdic-
tion in connection with these provisions, or pursuant 
to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("FATCA Withholding") or indemnify any 
Noteholder in relation to any FATCA Withholding.  
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zah-
lenden Beträge (einschließlich sämtlicher von der 
Garantin auf die Garantie zu zahlender Beträge) 
werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Ge-
bühren jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansäs-
sig ist bzw. von dem Staat, in dem die Garantin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer deren jeweiligen 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer deren jeweiligen 
zur Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen auferlegt, erhoben, einge-
zogen, einbehalten oder festgesetzt werden, so-
fern nicht die Emittentin oder die Garantin kraft Ge-
setzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. 
Sofern die Emittentin oder die Garantin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, wird 
die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin zusätzliche Be-
träge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihe-
gläubiger zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die 
Beträge erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden 
Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zu-
sätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar we-
gen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf Schuldverschrei-
bungen,
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes (in-
cluding all amounts to be paid by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee) will be paid free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, lev-
ied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes or the Guaran-
tor's country of domicile for tax purposes (respec-
tively) or any of their respective political subdivi-
sions or any authority or any other agency of or in 
any such country having power to tax, unless the Is-
suer or the Guarantor is compelled by law to make 
such withholding or deduction. If the Issuer or the 
Guarantor is required to make such withholding or 
deduction, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) will pay such additional amounts (the "Ad-
ditional Amounts") to the Noteholders as the 
Noteholders would have received if no such with-
holding or deduction had been required, except 
that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
(a) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffen-
den Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist bzw. zu 
dem Staat, in dem die Garantin steuerlich 
ansässig ist, die nicht nur aus der bloßen In-
haberschaft der Schuldverschreibungen be-
steht, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; 
oder 
(a) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by rea-
son of the relevant Noteholder having some 
connection with the Issuer's country of domi-
cile for tax purposes or the Guarantor's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes other than 
the mere holding of that Note; or  
 
 
(b) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars o-
der einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch Ab-
gabe einer Nichtansässigkeitserklärung o-
der Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichbaren 
(b) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would be able to avoid by pre-
senting any form or certificate and/or mak-
ing a declaration of non-residence or similar 
claim for exemption or refund but fails to do 
so; or

--- Page 95 ---
95
Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung eines Er-
stattungsanspruches hätte vermeiden kön-
nen, aber nicht vermieden hat; oder 
 
(c) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verord-
nung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung, eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über de-
ren Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist bzw. der 
Staat, in dem die Garantin steuerlich ansäs-
sig ist oder die Europäische Union beteiligt 
ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese Richtlinie, Verordnung, Vereinbarung, 
Verständigung oder dieses Abkommen um-
setzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzu-
behalten sind; oder
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pursu-
ant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of inter-
est income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to 
such taxation and to which the Issuer's coun-
try of domicile for tax purposes or the Guar-
antor's country of domicile for tax purposes 
or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Di-
rective, Regulation, treaty, agreement or un-
derstanding; or 
 
 
[falls auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwend-
bar, einfügen: 
(d)  
aufgrund des niederländischen Quellen-
steuergesetzes 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021) zahlbar sind; oder]
[if applicable to the Notes insert:  
(d)  
where such withholding or deduction is re-
quired to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding 
Tax 
Act 
2021 
(Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or]
 
 
[(d)][(e)] im Falle einer Kombination der vorge-
nannten Varianten.
[(d)][(e)] in the case of any combination of the 
above items.
 
 
Weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin sind ver-
pflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, die 
gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Re-
venue Code (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß zwi-
schenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchführungs-
vorschriften oder gemäß mit dem U.S. Internal Re-
venue Service geschlossenen Verträgen von der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder einem 
anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten 
wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") oder Anleihegläu-
biger in Bezug auf einen FATCA-Steuerabzug 
schadlos zu halten.
In any event, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
will have any obligation to pay additional amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the relevant 
Paying Agent or any other party in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 
1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted 
by another jurisdiction in connection with these pro-
visions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding") or 
indemnify any Noteholder in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
 
§ 7
Vorlegung, Verjährung
§ 7
Presentation, Prescription
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige Schuld-
verschreibungen wird auf zehn Jahre ver-
kürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation. The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in § 801 para-
graph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch), is reduced to ten 
years.
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für in-
nerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung vor-
gelegte 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beträgt 
zwei Jahre von dem Ende der betreffenden 
Vorlegungsfrist an.
(b) 
Prescription. The period for prescription for 
Notes presented for payment during the 
presentation period shall be two years be-
ginning at the end of the relevant presenta-
tion period.
 
§ 8
Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläubiger
§ 8
Events of Default

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz SE 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann ein Anleihegläubiger seine Schuld-
verschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Textform an 
die Emittentin, die bei der Emittentin oder bei dem 
Fiscal Agent abzugeben ist, kündigen. Der Benach-
richtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Anleihegläubiger 
zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. 
Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank oder auf andere geeignete Weise er-
bracht werden. Die Schuldverschreibungen des An-
leihegläubigers werden daraufhin sofort zu ihrem 
Festgelegten Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufener 
Zinsen, ohne weitere Handlungen oder Formalitä-
ten fällig:
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
than any Note may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or, 
alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evi-
dence that such Noteholder at the time of such no-
tice is a holder of the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of its depositary bank or in any other ap-
propriate manner, be declared due and payable, 
whereupon such Note will become immediately 
due and payable at their Specified Denomination 
plus accrued interest without further action or for-
mality: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin zahlt Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht innerhalb von 30 Ge-
schäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; oder
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer to pay 
any amount of interest or principal in respect 
of the Notes within 30 business days of the 
due date for payment of that amount; or
 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin unterlässt die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen, und die Unter-
lassung dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, nach-
dem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benach-
richtigung von einem Anleihegläubiger er-
halten hat; oder
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obligations. 
The Issuer fails to duly perform any other ma-
terial obligation arising under the Notes and 
any such failure continues for more than 60 
days after the Fiscal Agent has received no-
tice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
(c)
Insolvenz etc.
(c)
Insolvency etc.
 
(i) 
die Emittentin gibt ihre Zahlungsunfä-
higkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre Zah-
lungen ein, oder 
(i) 
the Issuer announces its inability to 
meet 
its 
financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or suspends 
payments; or
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzver-
fahren gegen die Emittentin; oder
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer; or 
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin geht in die Liquidation 
oder wird abgewickelt oder aufgelöst 
(sofern dies nicht für die Zwecke oder 
als Folge eines Zusammenschlusses, 
einer Umstrukturierung oder Sanie-
rung geschieht, bei dem bzw. der die 
Emittentin noch zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die fortführende Ge-
sellschaft im Wesentlichen alle Ver-
mögenswerte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin übernimmt).
(iii) 
the Issuer enters into a winding up or 
dissolution and liquidation (other than 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganization or re-
structuring whilst solvent, where the 
continuing entity assumes substan-
tially all of the assets and obligations 
of the Issuer). 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der nachstehenden 
Ereignisse kann ein Anleihegläubiger seine Schuld-
verschreibungen durch Mitteilung in Textform an 
die Emittentin und die Garantin, die bei der Emit-
tentin und der Garantin oder bei dem Fiscal Agent 
abzugeben ist, kündigen. Der Benachrichtigung ist 
If any of the events below occurs and is continuing 
than any Note may, by notice in text form ad-
dressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and deliv-
ered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or, alterna-
tively, the Fiscal Agent, together with evidence that 
such Noteholder at the time of such notice is a 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II

--- Page 97 ---
97
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass 
der betreffende Anleihegläubiger zum Zeitpunkt 
der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der be-
treffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis 
kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank o-
der auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen des Anleihegläubigers 
werden daraufhin sofort zu ihrem Festgelegten 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen, ohne 
weitere Handlungen oder Formalitäten fällig:
holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certifi-
cate of its depositary bank or in any other appro-
priate manner, be declared due and payable, 
whereupon such Note will become immediately 
due and payable at their Specified Denomination 
plus accrued interest without further action or for-
mality: 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:  
 
(a) 
Nichtzahlung. Die Emittentin oder die Ga-
rantin zahlt Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge in Be-
zug auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht in-
nerhalb von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fällig-
keit; oder 
(a) 
Non-payment. Failure by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay any amount of interest or 
principal in respect of the Notes within 30 
business days of the due date for payment of 
that amount; or 
 
 
(b) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher Ver-
pflichtungen. Die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner sonstigen wesentlichen Ver-
pflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
oder der Garantie, und die Unterlassung 
dauert länger als 60 Tage fort, nachdem der 
Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung 
von einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; o-
der
(b) 
Non-fulfilment of other material obligations. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor fails to duly per-
form any other material obligation arising 
under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the 
case may be, and any such failure continues 
for more than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has received notice thereof from a Note-
holder; or 
 
(c)
Insolvenz etc.
(c)
Insolvency etc.
 
(i) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin gibt 
ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt o-
der stellt ihre Zahlungen ein oder die 
Emittentin beantragt ein "surseance 
van betaling" (im Sinne des niederlän-
dischen Insolvenzrechts), oder 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor announces 
its inability to meet its financial obliga-
tions (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or sus-
pends payments or the Issuer applies 
for a "surseance van betaling" (within 
the meaning of the bankruptcy laws of 
The Netherlands); or
 
 
(ii) 
ein Gericht eröffnet ein Insolvenzver-
fahren gegen die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin; oder
(ii) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor; or  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin geht 
in die Liquidation oder wird abgewi-
ckelt oder aufgelöst (sofern dies nicht 
für die Zwecke oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, einer Umstruktu-
rierung oder Sanierung geschieht, bei 
dem bzw. der die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin noch zahlungsfähig ist und 
bei dem bzw. der die fortführende Ge-
sellschaft im Wesentlichen alle Ver-
mögenswerte und Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin über-
nimmt); oder
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor enters into 
a winding up or dissolution and liqui-
dation (other than for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, re-
organization or restructuring whilst 
solvent, where the continuing entity 
assumes substantially all of the assets 
and obligations of the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be)); or 
 
 
(d) 
Unwirksamkeit der Garantie. Die Garantie 
wird mit rechtskräftiger Entscheidung eines 
zuständigen Gerichts für nicht vollumfäng-
lich wirksam erklärt, oder die Garantin be-
hauptet einen Mangel der Wirksamkeit und 
(d) 
Guarantee not in force. The Guarantee is de-
termined by the final decision of a compe-
tent court or is claimed by the Guarantor not 
to be in full force and effect and such defect 
is not corrected within ten business days.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
dieser Mangel wird nicht innerhalb von zehn 
Geschäftstagen behoben.
 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent, Zahlstelle(n) und Berechnungs-
stelle
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) and Calcula-
tion Agent
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der 
Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die Berech-
nungsstelle sind nachstehend mit den be-
nannten anfänglichen Geschäftsstellen auf-
geführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, specified office. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified of-
fices are as follows: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Name und Adresse einfügen]
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address]
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, je-
derzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam 
mit der vorgenannten Zahlstelle, die "Zahl-
stellen" und jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu be-
nennen. 
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (together 
with the Paying Agent specified above, the 
"Paying Agents" and each a "Paying 
Agent"). 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht 
vor, die Ernennung des Fiscal Agent, der 
Zahlstellen und der Berechnungsstelle je-
derzeit anders zu regeln oder zu beenden.
The Issuer further reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent.
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass jeder-
zeit (i) ein Fiscal Agent und eine Berech-
nungsstelle, (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit einer Ge-
schäftsstelle in einem Land auf dem europä-
ischen Festland und (iii) so lange die Schuld-
verschreibungen auf Veranlassung der Emit-
tentin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäfts-
stelle in dem von der betreffenden Börse vor-
geschriebenen Land bestimmt ist. Der Fiscal 
Agent, etwaige Zahlstellen und die Berech-
nungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, je-
derzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils benannten Ge-
schäftsstelle eine andere Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu bestimmen. Mitteilun-
gen hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen im Hin-
blick auf den Fiscal Agent, etwaige Zahlstel-
len und die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen un-
verzüglich durch die Emittentin gemäß § 11. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent and a Calculation Agent (ii) a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in a continental 
European country and (iii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such country as may be re-
quired by the rules of the relevant stock ex-
change. The Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent 
and the Calculation Agent reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective speci-
fied offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. Notice of all changes in 
the identities or specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fis-
cal Agent, die Zahlstelle(n) und die Berech-
nungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Be-
auftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem 
Anleihegläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- o-
der Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und 
dem Anleihegläubiger begründet.
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relation-
ship of agency or trust for the Noteholder.

--- Page 99 ---
99
 
(d) 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesen Bedin-
gungen einen Unabhängigen Berater be-
stellt, dann ist § 9(c) entsprechend auf den 
Unabhängigen Berater anzuwenden.
(d) 
If the Issuer appoints an Independent Advi-
sor in accordance with these Conditions, 
§ 9(c) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the In-
dependent Advisor.
 
§ 10
Schuldnerersetzung
§ 10
Issuer Substitution
(a)
Ersetzung.
(a)
Substitution.
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
von der Al-
lianz 
SE 
begeben 
werden, 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes:
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustim-
mung der Anleihegläubiger, eine andere Gesell-
schaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der Emittentin 
kontrolliert wird, als neue Emittentin für alle sich 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen ergebenden Verpflichtungen mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emittentin an 
die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue Emit-
tentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, substitute for the Issuer any other 
company which is directly or indirectly controlled by 
the Issuer, as new issuer (the "New Issuer") in re-
spect of all obligations arising under or in connec-
tion with the Notes with the effect of releasing the 
Issuer of all such obligations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen übernimmt und, so-
fern eine Zustellung an die Neue Emit-
tentin außerhalb der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland erfolgen müsste, einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestellt;
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New Is-
suer would have to be effected out-
side the Federal Republic of Germany, 
appoints a process agent within the 
Federal Republic of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen bestehenden Zahlungs-
verpflichtungen erforderlichen Be-
träge in der Festgelegten Währung an 
das Clearingsystem oder den Fiscal 
Agent zu zahlen, und zwar ohne Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den Ländern), in 
dem (in denen) die Neue Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, auferlegt, ein-
gezogen, einbehalten, festgesetzt o-
der erhoben werden; 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withholding any 
taxes or other duties of whatever na-
ture imposed, levied, collected, with-
held, assessed or charged by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile for tax pur-
poses all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obliga-
tions arising from or in connection with 
the Notes;  
 
 
(iii) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwi-
derruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen Emittentin aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen zu Bedingungen garan-
tiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger wirtschaftlich mindestens 
so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die Erset-
zung stehen würde.
(iii) 
the Issuer irrevocably and uncondi-
tionally guarantees such obligations 
of the New Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that each Note-
holder will be put in an economic po-
sition that is at least as favorable as 
that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place.
 
(b)
Bezugnahmen.
(b)
References.
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung ge-
mäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Bedingungen auf die Emitten-
tin als eine solche auf die Neue Emit-
tentin.
(i) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant 
to § 10(a), any reference in these Con-
ditions to the Issuer shall be a refer-
ence to the New Issuer.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entwe-
der weiterhin nur auf die Allianz SE er-
folgen soll, oder dass die Bezug-
nahme auf die Neue Emittentin und 
gleichzeitig auch auf die Allianz SE, im 
Hinblick auf deren jeweilige steuerli-
che Ansässigkeit und die Verpflichtun-
gen der Allianz SE aus der Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iii) erfolgen soll.
For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the 
meaning and purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a refer-
ence only to Allianz SE, or that the ref-
erence shall be to the New Issuer and 
Allianz SE, in relation to their respec-
tive domicile for tax purposes and to 
Allianz SE's obligations under the 
guarantee pursuant to § 10(a)(iii), at 
the same time.
 
 
(ii) 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer Kündigungs-
grund als aufgenommen, der dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie gemäß 
§ 10(a)(iii) mit rechtskräftiger Ent-
scheidung eines zuständigen Gerichts 
für nicht vollumfänglich wirksam er-
klärt wird, oder die Garantin einen 
Mangel der Wirksamkeit behauptet 
und dieser Mangel nicht innerhalb 
von zehn Geschäftstagen behoben 
wird.
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default shall 
be deemed to have been included; 
such event of default shall exist in the 
case that the Guarantee pursuant to 
§ 10(a)(iii) is determined by the final 
decision of a competent court or is 
claimed by the Guarantor not to be in 
full force and effect and such defect is 
not corrected within ten business days. 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes:
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, die Ga-
rantin oder eine andere Gesellschaft, die di-
rekt oder indirekt von der Garantin kontrol-
liert wird, als neue Emittentin für alle sich aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen ergebenden Verpflichtungen 
mit schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emit-
tentin an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen 
(die "Neue Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the con-
sent of the Noteholders, substitute for the Is-
suer either the Guarantor or any other com-
pany which is directly or indirectly controlled 
by the Guarantor as new issuer (the "New Is-
suer") in respect of all obligations arising un-
der or in connection with the Notes with the 
effect of releasing the Issuer of all such obli-
gations, if: 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies:  
 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin sämtliche Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen übernimmt und, so-
fern eine Zustellung an die Neue Emit-
tentin außerhalb der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland erfolgen müsste, einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestellt;
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New Is-
suer would have to be effected out-
side the Federal Republic of Germany, 
appoints a process agent within the 
Federal Republic of Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen bestehenden Zahlungs-
verpflichtungen erforderlichen Be-
träge in der Festgelegten Währung an 
das Clearingsystem oder den Fiscal 
Agent zu zahlen, und zwar ohne Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder 
(ii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withholding any 
taxes or other duties of whatever na-
ture imposed, levied, collected, with-
held, assessed or charged by the 
country (or countries) in which the

--- Page 101 ---
101
sonstigen Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den Ländern), in 
dem (in denen) die Neue Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist, auferlegt, ein-
gezogen, einbehalten, festgesetzt o-
der erhoben werden; 
New Issuer has its domicile for tax pur-
poses all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obliga-
tions arising from or in connection with 
the Notes;  
 
(iii) 
die Garantin (außer in dem Fall, dass 
sie selbst die Neue Emittentin ist) un-
bedingt und unwiderruflich die Ver-
pflichtungen der Neuen Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die sicher-
stellen, dass jeder Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so gestellt 
wird, wie er ohne die Ersetzung stehen 
würde.
(iii) 
the Guarantor (except in the case that 
the Guarantor itself is the New Issuer) 
irrevocably and unconditionally guar-
antees such obligations of the New Is-
suer under the Notes on terms which 
ensure that each Noteholder will be 
put in an economic position that is at 
least as favorable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had not 
taken place.
 
(b)
Bezugnahmen.
(b)
References.
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung gemäß 
§ 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Be-
dingungen auf die Emittentin als eine solche 
auf die Neue Emittentin. 
In the event of a substitution pursuant to 
§ 10(a), any reference in these Conditions to 
the Issuer shall be a reference to the New Is-
suer. 
 
 
(c) 
Mitteilung und Wirksamwerden der Erset-
zung. Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist gemäß 
§ 11 mitzuteilen. Mit der Mitteilung der Erset-
zung wird die Ersetzung wirksam und die 
Emittentin und im Fall einer wiederholten 
Anwendung dieses § 10 jede frühere Neue 
Emittentin von ihren sämtlichen Verpflich-
tungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen frei.  
(c) 
Notice and effectiveness of substitution. No-
tice of any substitution of the Issuer shall be 
given by notice in accordance with § 11. 
Upon such publication, the substitution shall 
become effective, and the Issuer and in the 
event of a repeated application of this § 10, 
any previous New Issuer shall be discharged 
from any and all obligations under the 
Notes. 
 
§ 11
Mitteilungen
§ 11
Notices
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der 
Lu-
xembur-
ger Börse 
notiert 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen. Alle Mitteilungen, die 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, wer-
den (solange die Schuldverschreibungen am 
geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Wertpa-
pierbörse notiert sind) auf der Internet-Seite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(derzeit 
"www.bourse.lu") veröffentlicht. Jede solche 
Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten Veröffentli-
chung als wirksam erfolgt.
(a) 
Publications. All notices regarding the Notes 
will be published (so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market) on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(currently "www.bourse.lu"). Any such notice 
will become effective for all purposes on the 
date of the first such publication. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
listed 
on 
the Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Ex-
change, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. So-
lange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert sind, findet § 11(a) 
Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxem-
burger Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emit-
tentin eine Veröffentlichung nach § 11(a) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubi-
gern mitgeteilt.
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as 
any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, § 11(a) shall apply. If the 
Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System for communi-
cation by the Clearing System to the Note-
holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
§ 11(a) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said no-
tice was given to the Clearing System.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, 
die 
nicht 
auf 
Veranlas-
sung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
einer 
Börse no-
tiert 
sind, 
ist Folgen-
des 
an-
wendbar:
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger übermit-
teln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsys-
tem als den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
on the fifth day after the day on which the said no-
tice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
not listed 
at the initi-
ative of the 
Issuer, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
§ 12
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen
§ 12
Further Issues
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, ohne Zu-
stimmung der Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldver-
schreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung (gegebe-
nenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabe-
preises) wie die vorliegenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu begeben, so dass sie mit diesen eine einheit-
liche Serie bilden. Der Begriff "Schuldverschrei-
bungen" umfasst im Fall einer solchen weiteren Be-
gebung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Schuld-
verschreibungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue, from time to 
time, without the consent of the Noteholders, addi-
tional notes with identical terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the date of issue, the interest commencement 
date and/or the issue price) so as to be consoli-
dated and form a single series with such Notes. The 
term "Notes" shall, in the event of such further issue, 
also comprise such further notes. 
 
§ 13
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand
§ 13
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
 
(a) 
Geltendes Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich dar-
aus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten be-
stimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(a) 
Applicable law. The form and content of the 
Notes as well as all the rights and duties aris-
ing therefrom are governed exclusively by 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
mit einem 
festgeleg-
ten Nenn-
betrag von 
weniger 
als 
EUR 
100.000 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwingen-
den Gerichtsstandes für besondere Rechts-
streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit dem 
Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Ge-
samtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsge-
setz – SchVG) in seiner jeweiligen gültigen 
Fassung (das "SchVG"), ist Frankfurt am 
Main nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand 
für sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehen-
den Klagen oder sonstigen Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten").
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in con-
nection with the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schul-
dverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), 
non-exclusive court of venue for any action 
or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
is Frankfurt am Main. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with 
a Specified 
Denomi-
nation 
of 
less 
than 
EUR 
100,000, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies:
Im Fall der 
Emission 
mit einem 
festgeleg-
ten Nenn-
betrag von 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich eines zwingen-
den Gerichtsstandes für besondere Rechts-
streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit dem 
Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Ge-
samtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsge-
setz – SchVG) in seiner jeweiligen gültigen 
(b) 
Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in con-
nection with the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schul-
dverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued with 
a Specified 
Denomi-
nation 
of

--- Page 103 ---
103
mindes-
tens 
EUR 
100.000 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
Fassung (das "SchVG") ist das Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen oder sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechts-
streitigkeiten").
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), 
the regional court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt 
am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, shall 
be the exclusive court of venue for any action 
or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
at 
least 
EUR 
100,000, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Anlei-
hegläubiger kann in Rechtsstreitigkeiten ge-
gen die Emittentin im eigenen Namen seine 
Rechte aus den ihm zustehenden Schuldver-
schreibungen geltend machen unter Vor-
lage der folgenden Dokumente: (i) einer Be-
scheinigung seiner Depotbank, die (A) den 
vollen Namen und die volle Anschrift des An-
leihegläubigers bezeichnet, (B) den Gesamt-
nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen an-
gibt, die am Ausstellungstag dieser Beschei-
nigung dem bei dieser Depotbank bestehen-
den Depot dieses Anleihegläubigers gutge-
schrieben sind, und (C) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank dem Clearingsystem und dem 
Fiscal Agent eine schriftliche Mitteilung zu-
geleitet hat, die die Angaben gemäß (A) und 
(B) enthält und Bestätigungsvermerke des 
Clearingsystems sowie des jeweiligen Clea-
ringsystem-Kontoinhabers trägt, sowie (ii) ei-
ner von einem Vertretungsberechtigten des 
Clearingsystems oder des Fiscal Agent be-
stätigten Ablichtung der Globalurkunde.
(c) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising un-
der its Notes by submitting the following 
documents: (i) a certificate issued by its de-
positary bank (A) stating the full name and 
address of the Noteholder, (B) specifying an 
aggregate principal amount of Notes cred-
ited on the date of such certificate to such 
Noteholder's securities account maintained 
with such depositary bank and (C) confirm-
ing that the depositary bank has given a writ-
ten notice to the Clearing System as well as 
to the Fiscal Agent containing the infor-
mation pursuant to (A) and (B) and bearing 
acknowledgements of the Clearing System 
and the relevant Clearing System ac-
countholder as well as (ii) a copy of the 
Global Note certified by a duly authorized 
officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent as being a true copy. 
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes:
(d) 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigte. Für etwaige 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten, die zwischen den Anlei-
hegläubigern und der Emittentin vor Gerich-
ten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ge-
führt werden, hat die Emittentin die Allianz 
SE, München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, 
zur Zustellungsbevollmächtigten bestellt. 
(d) 
Agent for service of process. For litigation, if 
any, between the Noteholders and the Issuer 
which is brought before courts in the Federal 
Republic of Germany, the Issuer has ap-
pointed Allianz SE, Munich, Federal Republic 
of Germany, as agent for service of process. 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 14 Änderung der Bedingungen; Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter [, Änderung der Garantie]
§ 14 Amendments to the Conditions; Joint Repre-
sentative [, Amendments to the Guarantee]
 
(a) 
Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann die Bedingungen mit Zustimmung auf-
grund Mehrheitsbeschlusses der Anleihe-
gläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
ändern. Eine Änderung der Bedingungen 
ohne Zustimmung der Emittentin scheidet 
aus.
(a) 
Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Conditions with the consent 
of a majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the SchVG. There 
will be no amendment of the Conditions 
without the Issuer's consent.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der Be-
dingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 
SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen mit den 
in dem nachstehenden § 14(b) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle An-
leihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under § 5(3) of the 
SchVG by resolutions passed by such major-
ity of the votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 14(b) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution will be binding upon all Notehold-
ers. 
 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung 
der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, be-
schließen die Anleihegläubiger mit der einfa-
chen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teil-
nehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingun-
gen, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Ab-
satz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert 
wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte 
(eine "Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). Das Stimm-
recht ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibun-
gen der Emittentin oder einem mit ihr ver-
bundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 
HGB) zustehen oder für Rechnung der Emit-
tentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unter-
nehmens gehalten werden.
(b) 
Majority requirements. Except as provided 
by the following sentence and provided that 
the quorum requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in 
the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed 
by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
voting rights participating in the vote (a 
"Qualified Majority"). The voting right is sus-
pended as long as any Notes are attributa-
ble to the Issuer or any of its affiliates (within 
the meaning of § 271(2) of the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are 
being held for the account of the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse. Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubi-
ger werden entweder in einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der Emittentin o-
der einem gemeinsamen Vertreter einberu-
fen wird. 
(c) 
Resolutions. Resolutions of the Noteholders 
will be made either in a Noteholders' meet-
ing in accordance with § 14(c)(i) or by means 
of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung) in accordance with 
§ 14(c)(ii), in either case convened by the Is-
suer or a joint representative, if any. 
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversamm-
lung werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG ge-
troffen. Die Einberufung der Gläubi-
gerversammlung regelt die weiteren 
Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung 
und der Abstimmung. Mit der Einberu-
fung der Gläubigerversammlung wer-
den in der Tagesordnung die Be-
schlussgegenstände sowie die Vor-
schläge zur Beschlussfassung den An-
leihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made in 
accordance with § 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide the 
further details relating to the resolu-
tions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as 
the proposed resolutions will be noti-
fied to Noteholders in the agenda of 
the meeting.  
 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Ver-
sammlung werden nach § 18 SchVG 
getroffen. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe durch den Abstim-
mungsleiter regelt die weiteren Einzel-
heiten der Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Aufforderung 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a vote not requiring a physi-
cal meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) will be made in accordance 
§ 18 of the SchVG. The request for vot-
ing as submitted by the chairman (Ab-
stimmungsleiter) will provide the fur-
ther details relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. The subject

--- Page 105 ---
105
zur Stimmabgabe werden die Be-
schlussgegenstände sowie die Vor-
schläge zur Beschlussfassung den An-
leihegläubigern bekannt gegeben.
matter of the vote as well as the pro-
posed resolutions will be notified to 
Noteholders together with the request 
for voting.
 
(d) 
Zweite Versammlung. Wird die Beschlussfä-
higkeit bei der Gläubigerversammlung ge-
mäß § 14(c)(i) oder der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 14(c)(ii) nicht festge-
stellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne des § 15(3) 
Satz 3 SchVG einberufen.
(d) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the Noteholders' meeting 
pursuant to § 14(c)(i) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting within the meaning of § 15(3) sen-
tence 3 of the SchVG.
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung. Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Anlei-
hegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss bis zum dritten Tag vor der Gläubiger-
versammlung im Falle einer Gläubigerver-
sammlung (wie in § 14(c)(i) oder § 14(d) be-
schrieben) bzw. vor dem Beginn des Abstim-
mungszeitraums im Falle einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung (wie in § 14(c)(ii) be-
schrieben) unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe angegebenen Anschrift zu-
gehen. Zusammen mit der Anmeldung müs-
sen Anleihegläubiger den Nachweis ihrer 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstim-
mung durch eine besondere Bescheinigung 
ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in Textform und 
die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depot-
bank erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für 
den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis zu dem ange-
gebenen Ende der Versammlung (ein-
schließlich) bzw. dem Ende des Abstim-
mungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht über-
tragen werden können.
(e) 
Registration. The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Notehold-
ers. The registration must be received at the 
address stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day prior to the meeting 
in the case of a Noteholders' meeting (as de-
scribed in § 14(c)(i) or § 14(d)) or the begin-
ning of the voting period in the case of voting 
not requiring a physical meeting (as de-
scribed in § 14(c)(ii)), as the case may be. As 
part of the registration, Noteholders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in 
the vote by means of a special confirmation 
of their respective depositary bank hereof in 
text form and by submission of a blocking in-
struction by the depositary bank stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration has 
been sent until and including the stated end 
of the meeting or day the voting period ends, 
as the case may be. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläubi-
ger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss die 
Bestellung und Abberufung eines gemeinsa-
men Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befug-
nisse des gemeinsamen Vertreters und die 
Übertragung von Rechten der Anleihegläu-
biger auf den gemeinsamen Vertreter be-
stimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehr-
heit, wenn er ermächtigt wird, wesentlichen 
Änderungen 
der Bedingungen gemäß 
§ 14(a) zuzustimmen.
(f) 
Joint representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the ap-
pointment or dismissal of a joint representa-
tive, the duties and responsibilities and the 
powers of such joint representative and the 
transfer of the rights of the Noteholders to 
the joint representative. Appointment of a 
joint representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified Majority if such joint representative 
is to be authorized to consent to a material 
change in the substance of the Conditions in 
accordance with § 14(a) hereof.
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben 
und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz o-
der von den Anleihegläubigern durch Mehr-
heitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Anleihegläubiger zu be-
folgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt 
ist, sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
The joint representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolutions of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply with the in-
structions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the joint representative has been au-
thorized to assert certain rights of the Note-

--- Page 106 ---
106 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung 
dieser 
Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehr-
heitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu berich-
ten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Ver-
treters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG.
holders, the Noteholders shall not be enti-
tled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The joint representative shall pro-
vide reports to the Noteholders on its activi-
ties. The regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the joint representative.
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist 
auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergü-
tung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsa-
men Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahr-
lässigkeit zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
willful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negli-
gence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint repre-
sentative's liability shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remunera-
tion.
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen gemäß den 
§§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 11.
(g) 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 14 will 
be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG and § 11.
 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz SE 
gilt 
Fol-
gendes: 
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführ-
ten auf die Änderung der Bedingungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinnge-
mäß für Änderungen der Bedingungen einer 
etwaigen Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) An-
wendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the amend-
ment of the Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to amendments of the terms of any 
guarantee given pursuant to § 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
SE, 
the follow-
ing 
ap-
plies: 
Im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen durch 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. 
bzw. 
Allianz Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V. 
gilt 
Folgendes:
(h) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführ-
ten auf die Änderung der Bedingungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinnge-
mäß für Änderungen der Bedingungen der 
Garantie und der Bedingungen einer etwai-
gen Garantie gemäß § 10(a)(iii) Anwendung. 
(h) 
Amendments to the Guarantee. The provi-
sions set out above applicable to the amend-
ment of the Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to amendments of the terms of the 
Guarantee and the terms of any guarantee 
given pursuant to § 10(a)(iii). 
In the case 
of Notes is-
sued by Al-
lianz 
Fi-
nance 
II 
B.V. or Alli-
anz 
Fi-
nance 
III 
B.V., 
the 
following 
applies: 
§ 15
Sprache
§ 15
Language
Falls 
die 
Bedingun-
gen 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
mit 
einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache ab-
gefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Conditions are written in the German lan-
guage and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only. 
If the Con-
ditions 
shall be in 
the 
Ger-
man 
lan-
guage 
with 
an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion, 
the

--- Page 107 ---
107
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
following 
applies: 
 
 
These Conditions are written in the English lan-
guage only. 
If the Con-
ditions 
shall be in 
the English 
language 
only, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms 
will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("www.bourse.lu").  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufac-
turer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market as-
sessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]1  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – 
Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsver-
fahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeig-
nete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden ange-
messen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist 
indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder 
durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebska-
näle zu bestimmen.]2  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consider-
ation the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market as-
sessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – 
Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsver-
fahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeig-
nete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden ange-
messen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verant-
wortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4 
 
1 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only".  
2 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich Professio-
nelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".  
3 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only". 
The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance leg-
end or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
4 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich Professio-
nelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug auf die 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS

--- Page 109 ---
109
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the pur-
poses of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the con-
clusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Di-
rective 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including in-
vestment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR2 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any per-
son subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]3.]4  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GE-
GENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produkt-
genehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ge-
eignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; ENTWEDER5 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließ-
lich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER6 [und (ii) alle Ka-
näle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind; und (iii) 
die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-
Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebs-
unternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beur-
teilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Über-
nahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]7, zu bestimmen.]8  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
 
Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Kon-
zepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
1 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines").  
2 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales 
are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the 
Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
3 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
4 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". 
5 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) 
(die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind.  
6 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst 
werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und 
Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kunden-
aufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.  
7 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.  
8 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger".

--- Page 110 ---
110 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appro-
priate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]2] OR3 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]4.]5 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GE-
GENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produkt-
genehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business Source-
book ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdra-
wal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; ENTWEDER6 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschrei-
bungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungs-
dienstleistungen]7] ODER8 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete 
Gegenparteien angemessen sind, und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemes-
sen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, 
nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte 
jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder emp-
fiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunter-
nehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durch-
zuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und ange-
messene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. An-
gemessenheit]9, zu bestimmen.]10 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
 
1 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
2 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
3 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
4 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without the need to make the determi-
nation of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
5 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". The legend may not be 
necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. De-
pending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR 
product governance legend or both are included. 
6 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). 
7 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im briti-
schen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den Beispie-
len der ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
8 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). Diese Liste muss gegebenen-
falls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Ge-
eignetheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträ-
gen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. 
9 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern 
ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Geeignetheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
10 Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR 
unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entwe-
der die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.

--- Page 111 ---
111
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribu-
tion Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum An-
gebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und 
sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Versicherungsvertriebsrichtli-
nie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter 
Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit 
ergänzt, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder 
ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum 
Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern 
in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke 
dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (der "FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 
erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von 
Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung ist, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Ver-
ordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Klein-
anleger in GB erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]4 
 
1 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not Applicable".  
2 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" für 
"Nicht anwendbar" erklären.  
3 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not Applicable". The as-
sumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United 
Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless 
turned off. 
4 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für "Nicht 
anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell 
auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das 
Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht unangewendet bleiben.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) von Singapur (der "SFA") und den Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin festgestellt und bena-
chrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um 
prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-
Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Invest-
ment Products definiert) handelt.]

--- Page 113 ---
113
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Allianz SE] 
[Allianz Finance II B.V.] [Allianz Finance III B.V.] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [529900K9B0N5BT694847] [529900C9NVPTCPDI1D65][5299000TG8YATYNK8P87] 
 
[Offer][Issue] of 
[Angebot][Emission] von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie bil-
den] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie
Tranche
under the 
unter dem 
Euro 30,000,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. und Allianz Finance III B.V. 
[guaranteed by Allianz SE 
garantiert durch die Allianz SE] 
 
Issue Date:
[●]
Issue Price:
[●] per cent.
Begebungstag:
[●]
Emissionspreis:
[●] %

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These Final Terms have been pre-
pared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 14 April 2021 [(, as supplemented by the supple-
ment(s) to the base prospectus dated [●],)] (the "Base Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange ("www.bourse.lu"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[In the case of an increase of Notes insert: 
This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the programme terms and conditions of the notes which 
are extracted from the base prospectus dated [[23 May 2012][, as amended by [the 1st supplement dated 9 August 2012] [and] [the 3rd supple-
ment dated 4 March 2013]]] [and] [23 May 2013] [and] [22 May 2014] [and] [[2 June 2015][, as amended by [the 1st supplement dated 24 Au-
gust 2015] [and] [the 2nd supplement dated 19 November 2015]]] [and] [2 May 2016] [and] [27 April 2017] [and] [26 April 2018] [and] [30 April 
2019] [and] [12 May 2020] and which have been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (the "Programme Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes [insert year]") [and save in respect of the guarantee which is extracted from the base prospectus dated [23 May 2012] [and] [23 May 
2013] [and] [26 April 2018] [and] [12 May 2020] and which has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (the "[Senior] Guarantee 
with respect to [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] [insert year]")].]1 
[A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]2  
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar (die "Endgültigen 
Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parla-
ments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basispros-
pekt vom 14. April 2021 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] [Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Ba-
sisprospekt im Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektroni-
scher Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse ("www.bourse.lu") eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin[, die Garantin] und das Angebot sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt enthalten.  
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Dieses Dokument ist in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt zu lesen, mit Ausnahme der Programm-Anleihebedingungen, die dem Basisprospekt 
vom [[23. Mai 2012][, geändert durch [den ersten Nachtrag vom 9. August 2012] [und] [den dritten Nachtrag vom 4. März 2013]]] [und] 
[23. Mai 2013] [und] [22. Mai 2014] [und] [[2. Juni 2015][, geändert durch [den ersten Nachtrag vom 24. August 2015] [und] [den zweiten 
Nachtrag vom 19. November 2015]]] [und] [2. Mai 2016] [und] [27. April 2017] [und] [26. April 2018] [und] [30. April 2019] [und] [12. Mai 2020] 
entnommen wurden, und die per Verweis in den Prospekt einbezogen sind (die "Programm-Anleihebedingungen [Jahr einfügen]") [sowie mit 
Ausnahme der Garantie, die dem Basisprospekt vom [23. Mai 2012] [und] [23. Mai 2013] [und] [26. April 2018] [und] [12. Mai 2020] entnommen 
wurde, und die per Verweis in den Prospekt einbezogen ist (die "Garantie in Bezug auf [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] [Jahr 
einfügen]").]3 
[Eine Zusammenfassung für die einzelne Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]4  
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and complet-
ing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the particular Tranche of a Series of Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the English language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of [non-interest bearing] Notes [with fixed interest rates] replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
 
1 
Insert in the case of an issue of Notes, which will be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued in the relevant year. 
2 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or EUR 100,000 equivalent of any 
other currency.  
3 
Im Falle einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen einsetzen, die mit im relevanten Jahre begebenen Schuldverschreibungen konsolidiert 
werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
4 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag einer anderen Währung.

--- Page 115 ---
115
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further options contained 
therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [non-interest bearing] Notes [with 
[fixed] [floating] interest rates] set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] (the "Terms and Conditions"). Capitalized terms shall 
have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if 
"Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final Terms. The blanks 
in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained 
in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding 
to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the "Conditions").] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der betreffenden im 
Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optio-
nen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:] 
Die für eine bestimmte Tranche einer Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von [unverzinslichen] Schuldverschreibungen [mit fester Verzinsung] hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden 
weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden 
im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optio-
nen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf [unverzinsliche] Schuldverschrei-
bungen [mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung] Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "An-
leihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Be-
dingungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze 
der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung 
unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen 
Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestim-
mungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen 
in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf 
Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen sind die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
§ 1
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form
§ 1
Währung, Festgelegter Nennbetrag, Form
Specified Currency: 
[●]1 
Festgelegte Währung:
[●]2
Aggregate Principal Amount:
[●]3
Gesamtnennbetrag:
[●]4
Specified Denomination:
[●]5
Festgelegter Nennbetrag:
[●]6
☐ 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent 
Global Note
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglo-
balurkunde
 
☐
Permanent Global Note
Dauerglobalurkunde
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e)
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear
Global Note
Globalurkunde
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clearstream Frank-
furt
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch Clearstream 
Frankfurt
 
☐ 
New Global Note
 
New Global Note
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3
Zinsen 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I)
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I)
 
 
Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
 
1 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes.  
2 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.  
3 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
4 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
5 
In case of Fixed Rate Notes: The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an 
amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. In case of Floating Rate Notes: The 
minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 1,000. 
6 
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen: Der Festgelegte Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000 oder, 
soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibun-
gen mindestens EUR 1.000 entspricht. Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen: Der Festgelegte Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000.

--- Page 117 ---
117
 
Zinssatz:
[●] % per annum
 
Interest Commencement Date:
[●]
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●]
 
Zinszahlungstag(e):
[●]
 
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag:
[●]
 
☐ 
Initial Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je  
Festgelegtem Nennbetrag:
[●] 
 
☐ 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
Date:
[●] 
 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
 
Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination:
[●] 
 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je  
Festgelegtem Nennbetrag:
[●] 
 
Day Count Fraction
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐
Actual/Actual (ICMA)
 
Determination Date(s):
[●]1
 
Feststellungstermin(e):
[●]2
 
☐
Actual/Actual (ISDA)
 
☐
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
☐
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
☐ 
Non-interest bearing Notes 
(Option I)
 
 
Unverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I)
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II)
 
 
Interest Payment Dates
 
Zinszahlungstage
 
1 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.  
2 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. Re-
guläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder letzten 
Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Interest Commencement Date:
[●]
 
Verzinsungsbeginn:
[●]
 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert Specified Interest Payment Dates and if applicable, 
any short or long first coupon]
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen und gegebe-
nenfalls erster kurzer oder langer Kupon]
 
Rate of Interest
 
Zinssatz
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
 
Marge: 
[●] %
 
 
☐
plus
 
zuzüglich 
 
☐
minus
 
abzüglich
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz
 
Designated Maturity: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-months-EURIBOR
 
Festgelegte Laufzeit:
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR
 
☐
Interpolation:
[first][last] Interest Period
 
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode
 
Benchmark Event 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis
 
☐ 
Issuer determination of the New Benchmark 
Rate
 
 
 
Festlegung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes durch 
die Emittentin
 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
§ 4
Rückzahlung
Maturity Date:
[●]
Endfälligkeitstag:
[●]
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer following a Tax Event:1 [Yes][No]
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Eintritt ei-
nes Steuerereignisses:2
[Ja][Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer:
[Yes][No]
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin:
[Ja][Nein]
 
Call Redemption Date(s):
[●]
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e):
[●]
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for minimal outstand-
ing principal amount: 
[Yes][No] 
 
1 
To be deleted in case of non-interest bearing Notes. 
2 
Zu löschen im Fall von unverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 119 ---
119
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen eines ge-
ringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags:
[Ja][Nein] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer following a Bench-
mark Event:
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Eintritt ei-
nes Benchmark-Ereignisses:
[Ja][Nein] 
§ 5
Payments
§ 5
Zahlungen
Redenomination clause: 
[Not applicable][name of EMU Member State] 
Währungsumstellungsklausel:
[Nicht anwendbar][Name des EWU-Mitgliedsstaats]
Financial centre(s) relating to Payment Business Dates:
[Not applicable][●]1
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Zahltage:
[Nicht anwendbar][●]2
§ 6 
Taxation
§ 6 
Besteuerung
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Niederländisches Quellensteuergesetz 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021):
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
§ 9
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent]
§ 9
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle]
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address]
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
§ 11
Notices
§ 11
Mitteilungen
Listing: 
[Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Not listed at the initiative of the Issuer]
Börsennotierung: 
[Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse] [Nicht auf Ver-
anlassung der Emittentin an einer Börse notiert] 
§ 15
Language3
§ 15
Sprache4
☐ 
German and English, German binding
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend
☐ 
English only
 
Nur Englisch 
 
1 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
2 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.  
3 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
4 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION1 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN2 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel
☐
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse
☐
Other market:
[give details]
Anderer Markt:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
Datum der Zulassung:
[Angabe des Datums]
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trad-
ing:3
[give details] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel:4 [Angabe von Einzelheiten]
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth 
Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
notes of the same class of the notes to be offered or admit-
ted to trading are already admitted to trading:5
[give details] 
 
Angabe aller geregelten Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, KMU-
Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der
Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpa-
pierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen 
werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind:6
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm com-
mitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and descrip-
tion of the main terms of their commitment:7
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und 
Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinba-
rung:8
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐
Not admitted to trading
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen
Rating of the Notes
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen
 
1 
There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
2 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem 
geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufül-
len. 
3 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
4 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000.  
5 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
6 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000.  
7 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
8 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 121 ---
121
☐ 
The Notes to be issued [have been ][are expected to be] 
rated as follows1
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen [wurden][werden voraussicht-
lich] wie folgt geratet2
 
☐
S&P:
[●]
☐
Moody's:
[●]
☐
A.M. Best: 
[●]
☐
[Other]3:
[●]
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind
☐
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.]
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.] 
☐
Other interest (specify) 
[specify details]
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds
Gründe für das Angebot und Nettoerlöse
Use of proceeds / reasons for the offer:4 
[specify details]
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse / Gründe für das Ange-
bot:5
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds:6
[●]
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses:7
[●]
Estimated total expenses of the issue:8
[●]
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission:9
[●]
Yield and Historic Interest Rates 
 
1 
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
2 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.  
3 
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist. 
4 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general corporate purposes of the Allianz 
Group include those reasons here. 
5 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Unternehmenszwecken der 
Allianz Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
6 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, those will need to be split up and presented in order of priority. Not to be split up in 
the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
7 
Sofern die Emissionserlöse für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht aufzuschlüsseln bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindes-
tens EUR 100.000. 
8 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, 
the total expenses will need to be split up accordingly and presented according to the priority of the use. 
9 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000. Sofern die Emissionserlöse 
für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind die Gesamtkosten entsprechend aufzuschlüsseln und entsprechend der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Rendite und Zinssätze der Vergangenheit
Yield:1
[●]
 
Rendite:2 
[●] 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the future perfor-
mance as well as their volatility can be obtained (not free of 
charge) by electronic means from:3
[Reuters screen page EURIBOR01] [●] 
 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und Infor-
mationen über künftige Weiterentwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektronischem 
Wege abgerufen werden unter:4
[Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01] [●] 
Placing and Underwriting
Platzierung und Übernahme
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area:5
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschafts-
raum:6
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom:7
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich:8
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar]
Stabilisation Manager(s):
[None][give name]
Stabilisation Manager(s):
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens]
Method of Placement9 
 
Art der Platzierung10
☐ 
Syndicated
Syndiziert
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to 
the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various coun-
tries where the offer takes place:
[give details] 
 
1 
Not required in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
2 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen. 
3 
Only required in case of Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
4 
Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
5 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document 
("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" prod-
ucts and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
6 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und es 
wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
7 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document 
will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
8 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und es 
wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "ver-
packte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
9 
Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
10 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 123 ---
123
 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren 
des gesamten Angebots sowie einzelner Angebotsteile und 
- sofern der Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – Name 
und Anschrift derjenigen, die das Angebot in den verschie-
denen Ländern platzieren:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses and underwriting com-
mitments of Lead Manager(s) and Manager(s):
[give details]1 
 
Falls syndiziert: Namen und Adressen und Übernahmever-
pflichtungen des oder der Lead Manager(s) und der Mana-
ger:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]2 
Date of Subscription Agreement:
[insert date]
Datum des Übernahmevertrags:
[Datum angeben]
☐ 
Non-syndicated
Nicht syndiziert
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[give name] 
Falls nicht syndiziert, Name und Adresse des Dealers:
[Angabe des Namens]
 
The various categories of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered:
[give details] 
 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potentiellen In-
vestoren, dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten wer-
den: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of 
two or more countries and if a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain of these, indicate such tranche:
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei o-
der mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tran-
che einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser 
Tranche:
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted 
and indication whether dealing may begin before notifica-
tion is made:
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Be-
trags und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem 
Meldeverfahren möglich ist:
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Dealer's commission:3
[●]
Provision der Dealer:4
[●]
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility
Wertpapierkennung and EZB-Fähigkeit
 
1 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
2 
Namen und Adressen der Institute einfügen, die bereit sind, eine Emission auf fester Zusagebasis zu übernehmen und Einzelheiten über 
Institute, die bereit sind ohne feste Zusage oder gemäß Vereinbarungen "zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen" zu platzieren, falls diese nicht 
mit den Managern identisch sind. 
3 
Including discretionary fee, if any (insert up to amount). Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at 
least EUR 100,000. 
4 
Gegebenenfalls einschließlich sog. 'discretionary fee' (bis zu Betrag angeben). Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
 
WKN: 
[●] 
[CFI:]
[●]
[FISN:]
[●]
[Any other security number:]
[●]
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:]
[●]
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No]
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in case of a Classical Global 
Note]
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Global 
Note]
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collat-
eral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit op-
erations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]1
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich bedeu-
tet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei einem 
der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden 
und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuld-
verschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosys-
tems entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeit-
punkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine sol-
che Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]2
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as com-
mon safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit opera-
tions by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]3 
 
1 
Include explanation in case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
2 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
3 
Include explanation in case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 125 ---
125
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen Be-
dingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die Eu-
rosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden diese 
einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und 
auf den Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu be-
achten, dass die Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosys-
tems zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz an-
erkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil 
der EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.]1
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clear-
stream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will de-
pend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility crite-
ria.]2
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich bedeu-
tet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main verwahrt 
werden und dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Be-
gebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit nicht notwendiger-
weise als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die Zulässig-
keitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.]3
Terms and Conditions of the Offer to the Public4
Bedingungen des öffentlichen Angebots5
Issue Price at which the Notes will be offered:6
[insert percentage rate] per cent.
 
Emissionspreis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraus-
sichtlich angeboten werden: 7
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[give details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, descrip-
tion of the arrangements and time for announcing to the 
public the definitive amount of the offer:
[give details] 
 
1 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
2 
Include explanation in case of Notes deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
3 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
4 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
5 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem Festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
6 
Include those expenses contained in the price, to the extent that they are known. 
7 
Aufnahme der im Preis enthaltenen Kosten, soweit bekannt.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe nicht fest-
steht, Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des Zeit-
punkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen Angebotsbe-
trags an das Publikum:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open and description of the applica-
tion process:
[give details] 
 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der 
das Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfah-
rens:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Description of possible reduction of subscriptions and man-
ner of refunding excess amount paid by applicants:
[give details] 
 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeich-
nungen und der Art und Weise der Rückerstattung des zu-
viel gezahlten Betrages an die Zeichner: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of appli-
cation:
[give details] 
 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[give details] 
 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere 
und ihre Lieferung:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Manner and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public:
[give details] 
 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergeb-
nisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, negotia-
bility of subscription rights and treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised:
[give details] 
 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, 
die Übertragbarkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behand-
lung von nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechten:
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the sub-
scriber/purchaser:
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung ge-
stellt werden:
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Public Offer and information to be provided regarding the 
consent by the Issuer: 
[not applicable] 
Öffentliches Angebot und zur Verfügung zu stellende Infor-
mationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin:
[nicht anwendbar] 
Final placement of the Notes in the following jurisdictions:
[Luxembourg] [●]
 
Endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in den 
folgenden Jurisdiktionen:
[Luxemburg] [●]  
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final place-
ment of the Notes by Dealers and/or further financial inter-
mediaries can be made:
[Not applicable][Specify subscription period]

--- Page 127 ---
127
 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräuße-
rung oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch 
die Platzeure oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen 
kann:
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten zur Angebotsfrist einfü-
gen] 
 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 30,000,000,000 Debt Issu-
ance Programme of Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen des 
Euro 30.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. und Allianz Finance III B.V. an der Luxemburger Wertpa-
pierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by [(a) a resolution of the Board of Management of [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III 
B.V.] passed on [●] and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] passed on [●] and (b)] a [reso-
lution][decision] [of the Board of Management] of Allianz SE passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch [(a) einen Beschluss des Vorstandes der [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V.] vom [●] und des Aufsichtsrates der [Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] vom [●] und (b)] eine[n] [Beschluss][Entschei-
dung] [des Vorstandes] der Allianz SE vom [●] genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, 
no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestä-
tigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen 
Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informa-
tionen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt 
keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
Signed on behalf of 
[Allianz SE][Allianz Finance II B.V.][Allianz Finance III B.V.] 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
Allianz SE 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Statutory auditors 
Allianz SE appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, with their registered address being Bernhard-Wicki-
Straße 8, 80636 Munich, Germany ("PwC") as auditor for the fiscal years ending 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. PwC is a member of 
the German Chamber of Certified Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer KöR), Berlin. 
The statutory financial statements of Allianz SE as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 were prepared 
in accordance with German commercial law and supplementary provisions of the articles of incorporation. The statutory financial statements for 
the fiscal years 2019 and 2020 were audited by PwC in accordance with § 317 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) - the EU 
Audit Regulation (No. 537/2014, referred to subsequently as "EU Audit Regulation") and in compliance with German generally accepted audit-
ing standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer ("IDW", Institute of Public Auditors in Ger-
many). PwC issued an unqualified auditor's report in respect of the financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020. 
The consolidated financial statements of Allianz Group as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 were 
prepared on the basis of the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU (IFRS), and the additional requirements of § 315e 
(1) of the German Commercial Code and supplementary provisions of the articles of incorporation. The consolidated financial statements for the 
fiscal years 2019 and 2020 were audited by PwC in accordance with § 317 of the German Commercial Code, the EU Audit Regulation and in 
compliance with German generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the IDW. PwC issued an unqualified 
auditor's report in respect of the financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
Information about Allianz SE and Allianz Group 
Allianz SE together with its subsidiaries form the Allianz Group. Allianz SE is the ultimate parent of the Allianz Group. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF ALLIANZ SE 
Allianz SE was founded in Berlin on 5 February 1890 as a property insurer under the name Allianz Versicherungs-Aktien-Gesellschaft. 
In 1985, the company transferred its operational insurance business to today's Allianz Versicherungs-AG and changed its name to "Allianz Ak-
tiengesellschaft Holding". Since 1985, it operates as a holding company with reinsurance activities. The name was changed, by resolution of the 
General Meeting of 7 October 1996, to "Allianz Aktiengesellschaft" (Allianz AG). 
On 3 February 2006, the extraordinary General Meetings of holders of Riunione Adriatica di Sicurtà S.p.A ("RAS") ordinary shares and holders of 
RAS savings shares and on 8 February 2006, the extraordinary General Meeting of Allianz AG agreed to the cross-border merger between Allianz 
AG and RAS. Upon registration of the merger with the commercial register of Allianz AG on 13 October 2006, Allianz adopted the legal form of a 
European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) and has been operating since then under the corporate name "Allianz SE". 
LEGAL AND COMMERCIAL NAME, PLACE OF REGISTRATION AND REGISTRATION NUMBER, LEI OF ALLIANZ SE 
Allianz SE operates under its legal name "Allianz SE" and conducts its business in Germany, amongst others, under the commercial name "Allianz". 
Allianz SE is registered at its registered seat (Sitz) in Munich, Germany, in the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) in Munich under 
the entry number HRB 164232. The LEI of Allianz SE is 529900K9B0N5BT694847. 
Allianz SE was incorporated on 5 February 1890 for an unlimited term. 
The domicile of Allianz SE is Munich, Germany. Allianz SE is a European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) operating under the laws of Germany. 
It is incorporated in Germany. The business address of Allianz SE is at Königinstraße 28, 80802 Munich, Germany, telephone number 
(+49)(89) 3800-0. Its website is www.allianz.com. The information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this prospectus. 
The financial year of Allianz SE is the calendar year. 
RECENT EVENTS 
Since 31 December 2020, the following recent events have occurred: 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ SE AND ALLIANZ GROUP

--- Page 129 ---
129
M&A 
On 2 December 2020, Allianz Australia agreed to purchase the general insurance business of Westpac and to enter into a new 20-year exclusive 
agreement for the distribution of general insurance products to Westpac customers. The proposed transaction comprises a payment of AUD 725 
million for the purchase of Westpac's General Insurance business and a 20-year exclusive distribution agreement. Additional future payments of 
up to AUD 150 million are contemplated in the agreement but are dependent on the achievement of certain targets. Subject to receipt of required 
regulatory approvals, the transaction is expected to close in mid-2021. 
On 7 July 2020, Allianz Global Investors ("Allianz GI") and Virtus Investment Partners announced that they have agreed to a strategic partnership 
that will focus on enhancing both firms' growth opportunities with Virtus representing Allianz GI's investment strategies in the U.S. retail market to 
existing and potentially new clients. The transaction closed as of 1 February 2021. 
On 4 March 2021, Allianz S.p.A. agreed to acquire Aviva Italy S.p.A. the Italian P/C entity of Aviva Group, from Aviva Italy Holding S.p.A. for EUR 330 
million. The portfolio is equally distributed between motor and non-motor business segments with gross written premiums of about EUR 400 mil-
lion. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals, expected within the second half of 2021. 
On 26 March 2021, Allianz agreed to purchase Polish and Lithuanian business activities from Aviva Group, including Aviva's life and non-life 
insurance operations, pension and asset management business in the region, and each 51 per cent. stake in Aviva's regional life and non-life 
bancassurance joint ventures with Santander. The transaction, worth EUR 2.5 billion, comprises a purchase price of EUR 2.7 billion and a dividend 
payment of EUR 0.2 billion. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals, expected within the next 12 months. 
CALL FOR REDEMPTION OF SUBORDINATED BONDS 
On 18 January 2020, Allianz called for redemption effective 26 March 2021 the USD 1,000,000,000 5.5% Undated Subordinated Notes issued by 
Allianz SE in 2012 (ISIN: XS0857872500, WKN: A1R0S6, Common Code: 085787250) and effective 3 March 2021 the EUR 800,000,000 5.375% 
Undated Subordinated Fixed Rate Callable Bonds issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. in 2006 (ISIN: DE000A0GNPZ3, WKN: A0GNPZ, Common 
Code: 024513742), guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Allianz SE. 
ADJUSTMENT OF STRUCTURE OF GERMAN BUSINESS  
On 15 March 2021, Allianz announced its intention to adjust its structure in German business in order to leverage the role of the German business 
lines divisional companies in internationalization and to foster a joint market presence.  
In this context, it is intended to strengthen the lines of business by transferring functions and employees from the current German holding com-
pany, Allianz Deutschland AG, primarily to the three main insurance companies – Allianz Versicherungs-AG (property and casualty insurance), 
Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG (life insurance) and Allianz Private Krankenversicherungs-AG (health insurance) – or to Allianz Beratungs- und 
Vertriebs-AG (distribution unit), but also to Allianz SE or one of its subsidiaries. To ensure a consistent market presence and customer oversight for 
the German market, a new market unit will be established. Under the new structure, all employees will remain at Allianz. The contents of their 
employment contracts and their current place of work will remain unchanged. 
The plans are subject to the outcome of the discussions to be held with the relevant employee representative bodies.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
RATINGS(1) 
As of the date of this prospectus, Allianz SE had the following ratings: 
 
S&P(2)
Moody's(3) 
A.M. Best(4) 
Insurer financial strength
AA
Aa3
A+
Outlook  
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
Counterparty credit
AA
Not rated
aa
(5)
Outlook
Stable
Stable
Senior unsecured debt
AA
Aa3
aa
Outlook  
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
Stable 
 
(1)
Includes ratings for securities issued by Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V.
(2) 
S&P rating scale for Insurer Financial Strength Ratings consists of the following categories. "AAA", "AA", "A", "BBB", "BB",
"B", "CCC", "CC" (in descending order). In addition, a "R" rating is assigned to issuers being under regulatory supervision.
Ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the major rating categories. 
S&P defines the issued ratings as follows: 
"An insurer rated 'AA' has very strong financial security characteristics, differing only slightly from those rated higher." 
"An obligor rated 'AA' has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It differs from the highest-rated obli-
gors only to a small degree." 
"An obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to
meet its financial commitment on the obligation is very strong." 
"An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic
conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commit-
ment on the obligation is still strong." 
"A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' is rated in the highest category by S&P. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+).
This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on these obligations is extremely strong." 
(3) 
Moody's uses nine rating symbols ("Aaa", "Aa", "A", "Baa", "Ba", "B", "Caa", "Ca" and "C"). The symbols range from "Aaa",
used to designate least credit risk, to "C", denoting greatest credit risk. In addition Moody's appends numerical modifi-
ers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
Moody's defines the issued ratings as follows: 
"Insurance companies rated Aa offer excellent financial security. Together with the Aaa group, they constitute what are
generally known as high-grade companies. They are rated lower than Aaa companies because long-term risks appear
somewhat larger." 
"Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk." 
"Obligations rated A are considered upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk." 
"Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-1 have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations."
(4) 
The rating scale of A.M. Best Financial Strength Rating ranges from "A++", "A+", "A", "A-" to "C-". In addition the scale
provides for the ratings "D" (Poor), "E" (Under Regulatory Supervision), "F" (In Liquidation) and "S" (Suspended). 
A.M. Best defines the issued ratings as follows: 
A+: "Assigned to companies that have, in A.M. Best's opinion, a superior ability to meet their ongoing insurance obliga-
tions." 
aa: "Assigned to issues where, in A.M. Best's opinion, the issuer has a very strong ability to meet the terms of the obli-
gation." 
a: "Assigned to issues where, in A.M. Best's opinion, the issuer has a strong ability to meet the terms of the obligation." 
"Ratings from "aa" to "ccc" may be enhanced with "+" (plus) or "-" (minus) to indicate whether credit quality is near the
top or bottom of a category."
(5)
Issuer credit rating.

--- Page 131 ---
131
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated a security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any negative change in the credit rating of the 
Issuer could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. Investors should consider each rating individually and obtain additional and more 
detailed understanding of the significance of the respective credit rating information provided by the respective rating agency. 
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. ("A.M. Best"), S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"), each of which is established in the European Union, is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, and is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
CAPITALIZATION AND FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS OF ALLIANZ GROUP 
The figures for liabilities and equity as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 are audited. 
Total liabilities 
Amounts in € million  
 
  
As of 
31 December 
2020
As of 
31 December 
2019
Senior bonds 
8,036
8,085
Money market securities 
1,170
1,124
Total certificated liabilities 
9,206
9,209
Subordinated bonds 
13,989
13,193
Hybrid equity1 
45
45
Total subordinated liabilities 
14,034
13,238
1_Relates to hybrid equity issued by subsidiaries. 
 
Total equity 
Amounts in € million 
 
As of
31 December 
2020
As of
31 December 
2019
Shareholders' equity 
Issued capital 
1,170
1,170
Additional paid-in capital 
27,758
27,758
Undated subordinated bonds 
2,259
-
Retained earnings1 
31,371
29,577
Foreign currency translation adjustments 
(4,384)
(2,195)
Unrealized gains and losses (net)2, 3 
22,648
17,691
Subtotal 
80,821
74,002
Non-controlling interests 
3,773
3,363
Total 
84,594
77,364
1_As of 31 December 2020, include € (30) mn (2019: € (55) mn) related to treasury shares. 
2_As of 31 December 2020, include € 494 mn (2019: € 415 mn) related to cash flow hedges. 
3_Additional off-balance sheet unrealized gains on real estate, associates and joint ventures attributable to the shareholders amounted to € 4.8 billion as of 31 December 2020 (2019: € 4.5 billion). These off-balance sheet unrealized gains reflect 
differences (after policyholder participation, taxes and non-controlling interests) between fair values and balance sheet values which are not considered in shareholders’ equity. 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
Amounts in € million 
 
As of
31 December 
2020
As of
31 December 
2019
Certificated liabilities 
9,206
9,209
Subordinated liabilities 
14,034
13,238
Equity 
84,594
77,364
Total 
107,835
99,811

--- Page 132 ---
132 
INFORMATION ON MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE ISSUER'S BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
Other than disclosed in the section "Recent events" above, there have been no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure 
since the last financial year. 
DESCRIPTION OF EXPECTED FINANCING OF THE ISSUER'S ACTIVITIES 
Allianz SE's access to external funds depends on various factors such as capital market conditions, access to credit facilities, credit ratings, and 
credit capacity. The financial resources available to Allianz Group in the capital markets for short-, mid- and long-term funding needs are 
described in the section "Capitalization and Financial Indebtedness of Allianz Group" above. In general, mid- to long-term financing is covered 
by issuing senior or subordinated bonds or ordinary no-par value shares. 
Business Overview  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP  
Allianz SE and its subsidiaries (the Allianz Group) offer property-casualty insurance, life/health insurance, and asset management products and 
services in over 70 countries, with the largest of its operations located in Europe. The Allianz Group serves more than 100 million private and 
corporate customers. Allianz SE, the parent company of the Allianz Group, has its headquarters in Munich, Germany. 
The Allianz Group's structure reflects both its business segments and geographical regions. Business activities are organized by product and type 
of service, based on how these are strategically managed: insurance activities, asset management activities, and corporate and other activities. 
Due to differences in the nature of products, risks, and capital allocation, insurance activities are further divided into two categories property-
casualty and life/health. In accordance with the Board of Management's responsibilities, each of the insurance categories is grouped into regional 
reportable segments. In 2020, the Allianz Group had 11 reportable segments. 
Allianz Group structure – business segments and reportable segments
Property-Casualty 
Life/Health 
Asset Management 
Corporate and other 
–  German Speaking Countries 
and Central & Eastern Eu-
rope 
–  Western & Southern Europe 
and Asia Pacific 
–  Iberia & Latin America and 
Allianz Partners 
–  Global Insurance Lines & An-
glo Markets, Middle East 
and Africa 
–  German Speaking Countries 
and Central & Eastern Europe
–  Western & Southern Europe 
and Asia Pacific 
–  Iberia & Latin America 
–  USA 
–  Global Insurance Lines & An-
glo Markets, Middle East and 
Africa 
 
–  Asset Management 
 
–  Corporate and Other

--- Page 133 ---
133
Worldwide presence and business segments 
Market presence of our business operations1 
 
Insurance German Speaking Countries,  
Insurance Central & Eastern Europe 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, 
Insurance Middle East and Africa 
¾¾  
Germany 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets 
¾¾  
Switzerland 
¾  
United Kingdom 
Central & Eastern Europe 
¾¾ 
Australia 
¾¾  
Austria 
¾   
Ireland 
¾¾¾ 
Bulgaria 
¾   
Allianz Global Corporate & 
Specialty 
¾¾  
Croatia 
¾  
Euler Hermes 
¾¾  
Czech Republic 
¾¾                   Reinsurance 
¾¾  
Hungary 
Middle East  
 
¾¾  
Poland 
¾¾  
Egypt 
¾¾  
Romania 
¾¾  
Lebanon 
¾¾  
Slovakia 
¾¾                   Saudi Arabia 
¾¾  
Russia 
Africa 
 
¾   
Ukraine 
¾¾ 
Cameroon 
Insurance Western & Southern  
Europe and Asia Pacific 
¾   
Congo Brazzaville 
Europe 
¾¾  
Ghana 
¾¾¾ 
Italy 
¾¾  
Ivory Coast 
¾¾  
Greece 
¾ 
Kenya 
¾¾  
Turkey 
¾¾ 
Madagascar 
¾¾¾ 
France 
¾¾  
Morocco 
¾¾  
Belgium 
¾¾  
Nigeria 
¾¾  
The Netherlands 
¾¾                   Senegal 
¾¾  
Luxembourg 
Asset Management 
Asia Pacific  
North and Latin America 
¾¾  
China 
¾¾ 
United States 
¾   
Hong Kong2 
¾¾ 
Canada 
¾¾  
Indonesia 
¾¾ 
Brazil 
¾¾  
Japan2 
Europe 
¾   
Laos 
¾¾ 
Germany 
¾¾  
Malaysia 
¾¾ 
Austria 
¾¾  
Pakistan 
¾¾ 
France 
¾¾  
Philippines 
¾¾ 
Italy 
¾   
Singapore 
¾¾ 
Ireland 
¾¾  
Sri Lanka 
¾¾ 
Luxembourg 
¾¾  
Taiwan 
¾¾ 
Spain 
¾¾  
Thailand 
¾¾ 
Switzerland 
¾¾  
India 
¾¾ 
Belgium 
Insurance Iberia & Latin America 
and Allianz Partners 
¾¾ 
The Netherlands 
Iberia 
¾¾ 
United Kingdom 
¾¾  
Spain 
¾¾ 
Sweden 
¾¾  
Portugal 
Asia Pacific 
 
Latin America 
¾¾ 
Japan 
¾   
Argentina 
¾¾ 
Hong Kong 
¾¾   
Brazil 
¾¾ 
Taiwan 
¾¾  
Colombia 
¾¾ 
Singapore 
¾¾ 
Mexico 
¾¾ 
China 
Allianz Partners 
¾¾ 
Australia 
¾¾   
Allianz Partners 
 
 
Allianz Direct 
 
 
¾   
Allianz Direct 
 
 
US life insurance 
 
 
¾¾  
United States 
 
 
  ¾ Property-Casualty  ¾ Life/Health  ¾ Banking  ¾ Retail Asset Management  ¾ Institutional Asset Management 
1_This overview is based on our organizational structure as of 31 December 2020.  
2_Property-Casualty business belongs to Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
RECONCILIATION OF REPORTABLE SEGMENTS TO ALLIANZ GROUP FIGURES AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2020 AND 
2019 (AUDITED) 
€ mn 
 
Total revenues 
Operating profit (loss) 
Net income (loss) 
Twelve months ended 31 December 
2020
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe 
16,108
15,919
1,858
1,884
1,258
1,624
Western & Southern Europe and Asia Pacific 
12,081
12,320
1,646
1,518
1,108
1,083
Iberia & Latin America and Allianz Partners 
11,051
12,547
680
457
357
274
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Middle East and Africa 
27,047
25,177
188
1,159
(118)
982
Consolidation 
(6,875)
(6,808)
(1)
28
-
20
Total Property-Casualty 
59,412
59,156
4,371
5,045
2,605
3,983
 
German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe 
33,113
34,380
1,725
1,649
1,186
1,132
Western & Southern Europe and Asia Pacific 
29,498
28,053
1,561
1,620
1,205
1,235
Iberia & Latin America 
1,419
1,653
159
267
606
235
USA 
9,915
12,265
907
1,153
820
1,006
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Middle East and Africa 
1,034
885
49
59
(21)
(55)
Consolidation and Other 
(936)
(810)
(41)
(40)
(30)
(30)
Total Life/Health 
74,044
76,426
4,359
4,708
3,766
3,523
 
Asset Management 
7,347
7,164
2,853
2,704
1,973
1,992
 
Corporate and Other 
245
239
(831)
(602)
(1,216)
(1,194)
 
Consolidation 
(593)
(616)
(1)
-
5
(2)
 
Group 
140,455
142,369
10,751
11,855
7,133
8,302

--- Page 135 ---
135
Simplified Overview of the Allianz Group Structure 
This overview is simplified. It focuses on major operating entities and does not contain all entities of the 
Allianz Group. Also, it does not show whether a shareholding is direct or indirect. This overview shows the 
status as of 31 December 2020. 
 
 
 
Allianz SE 
 
H5 – Insurance 
Western & Southern Europe 
and Asia Pacific 
  
H7 – Insurance 
German Speaking Countries 
and Central & Eastern Europe 
  
H8 – Asset 
Management, US
Life Insurance 
   
H9 – Global 
Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, 
Middle East and Africa 
 
H10 – Insurance 
Iberia & Latin America 
and Allianz Partners 
 
Allianz 
S.p.A. 
Italy, 
Milan 
Allianz  
Vie S.A. 
France, 
Paris la Défense 
 
Allianz Lebens- 
versicherungs-AG 
Germany,  
Stuttgart 
Allianz  
Private Kranken- 
versicherungs-AG 
Germany, Munich 
Pacific Investment 
Management  
Company LLC 
United States, 
Dover (DE) 
Allianz  
Global Corporate & 
Specialty SE  
Germany, Munich 
Allianz 
Australia Limited 
Australia, 
Sydney 
Allianz  
Partners S.A.S. 
France,  
Saint-Ouen 
Allianz Compañía
de Seguros y 
Reaseguros S.A. 
Spain,  
Madrid 
Allianz  
Benelux S.A. 
Belgium, 
Brussels 
Allianz  
IARD S.A. 
France, 
Paris la Défense 
Allianz  
Versicherungs-AG 
Germany,  
Munich 
Allianz  
Beratungs- und  
Vertriebs-AG 
Germany, Munich 
PIMCO 
Europe GmbH 
Germany,  
Munich 
Allianz Global Risks 
US Insurance  
Company Corp. 
United States, 
Chicago (IL) 
Allianz p.l.c. 
Ireland, 
Dublin 
 
Allianz 
Latin America  
(Brazil, Argentina, 
Colombia, Mexico) 
Companhia de 
Seguros Allianz 
Portugal S.A.  
Portugal, Lisbon 
Allianz 
Nederland Groep N.V.
Netherlands, 
Rotterdam 
 
Allianz Hellas 
Single Member 
Insurance S.A. 
Greece, Athens 
Allianz  
Elementar 
Versicherungs-AG 
Austria, 
Vienna 
 
Allianz Suisse 
Versicherungs- 
Gesellschaft AG 
Switzerland,  
Wallisellen 
Allianz  
Global Investors 
GmbH 
Germany, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Euler Hermes 
Group SA  
France, 
Paris la Défense 
Allianz 
Insurance plc 
United Kingdom,  
Guildford 
 
 
 
Allianz Hayat ve 
Emeklilik A.S. 
Turkey, Istanbul 
Allianz Yasam ve 
Emeklilik A.S. 
Turkey, 
Istanbul 
Allianz 
Elementar Lebens- 
versicherungs-AG 
Austria, Vienna 
Allianz Suisse 
Lebensversicherungs-
Gesellschaft AG 
Switzerland, 
Wallisellen 
Allianz  
Global Investors 
U.S. Holdings LLC 
United States, 
Dover (DE) 
 
Allianz MENA 
(e.g. Egypt, Lebanon)
 
 
 
 
Allianz 
Sigorta A.S. 
Turkey, 
Istanbul 
 
Allianz  
Taiwan Life 
Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Taiwan, Taipei 
 
TUiR Allianz 
Polska S.A. 
Poland, 
Warsaw 
Allianz 
pojistovna a.s. 
Czech Republic, 
Prague 
 
Allianz 
Global Investors 
Asia Pacific Group 
 
 
 
 
 
Allianz Malaysia 
Berhad 
Malaysia, 
Kuala Lumpur 
 
 
Allianz other  
Asia Pacific  
(e.g. Indonesia,  
Thailand) 
 
Allianz 
Hungária 
Biztosító Zrt. 
Hungary, 
Budapest 
 
Allianz-  
Slovenská 
poist'ovňa a.s. 
Slovakia, Bratislava
 
Allianz Life 
Insurance Company
of North America 
United States, 
Minneapolis (MN) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JSC Insurance 
Company Allianz 
Russia, 
Moscow 
 
Allianz  
other CEE 
(Croatia, Bulgaria, 
Romania) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   The functional Board divisions  
H1 – Chairman of the Board 
H2 – Finance, Controlling, Risk  
H3 – Investment Management 
H4 – Operations and IT 
H6 – HR, Legal, Compliance, M&A 
in general have no operational responsibility 
for operating entities and are therefore not  
shown in the overview. Beyond concrete  
operational responsibilities, H1, however, has 
the overall business responsibility for  
Australia.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
INSURANCE OPERATIONS 
Allianz Group offers a wide range of property-casualty and life/health insurance products to both retail and corporate customers. For the Prop-
erty-Casualty business segment, these include motor, accident, property, general liability, travel insurance and assistance services. The Life/Health 
business segment offers savings and investment-oriented products in addition to life and health insurance. Allianz Group's key markets (in terms 
of premiums) are Germany, France, Italy, and the United States.1 
Most of Allianz Group's insurance markets are served by local Allianz companies. However, some business lines – such as Allianz Global Corporate 
& Specialty (AGCS), Allianz Partners (AP) and Euler Hermes – are run globally.  
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
Allianz Group's two major investment management entities, PIMCO and AllianzGI, operate under the governance of Allianz Asset Management 
(AAM). Its offerings cover a wide range of equity, fixed income, cash, and multi-assets products as well as a strongly growing number of alternative 
investment products, such as infrastructure debt/equity, real assets, liquid alternatives, and solution business. Its core markets are the United 
States, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, and the Asia-Pacific region. As of October 2020, PIMCO officially assumed oversight 
of Allianz Real Estate and, as a result, Allianz Real Estate was transferred from the Corporate and Other business segment into the Asset Man-
agement business segment. The combined entity forms one of the world's largest and most diversified real estate platforms. 
CORPORATE AND OTHER 
The Corporate and Other business segment's activities include the management and support of the Allianz Group's businesses through its central 
Holding functions, Banking and Alternative as well as Digital Investments. The Holding functions manage and support the Group's businesses 
through its strategy, risk, corporate finance, treasury, financial reporting, controlling, communication, legal, human resources, technology, and 
other functions. Allianz Group's banking operations, which place a primary focus on retail clients, supports its insurance business and comple-
ment the products it offers in Italy, France, and Bulgaria. Digital Investments identifies and invests in digital growth companies and provides digital 
investment management services and an interface between portfolio companies and the Allianz Group. 
Trend Information 
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN THE PROSPECTS OF ALLIANZ SE 
Except as disclosed in the section "Recent events" above and the section "Key figures for historical and other financial information" below, there 
has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Allianz SE since 31 December 2020. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE ALLIANZ GROUP 
Except as disclosed in the section "Recent events" above, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Allianz Group 
since 31 December 2020. 
INFORMATION ON KNOWN TRENDS, UNCERTAINTIES, DEMANDS, COMMITMENTS OR EVENTS THAT ARE 
REASONABLY LIKELY TO HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON THE ISSUER'S PROSPECTS FOR 2021 
ECONOMIC OUTLOOK 
The progress of the global Covid-19 vaccination campaign will be the decisive factor for the economic recovery from the pandemic. After a lack-
luster start into 2021 – due to new Covid-19 restrictions in Europe and other parts of the world – a successful vaccination of vulnerable populations 
(20–40 % of the total) should set the stage for moderate growth in the second half of 2021. Main driver of the rebound will be the return of 
confidence, helping to restart the service economy, to unleash forced and precautionary savings, and to resume corporate investments. All in all, 
Allianz Group expects global gross domestic product to expand by 4.6 % in 2021, with China setting the pace (+ 8.4 %) and the United States and 
the Eurozone registering more modest growth of 3.6 % and 4.3 %, respectively. 
The downside risks are sizeable. First and foremost, vaccination hurdles on the demand side (vaccination skepticism) as well as the supply side 
(production and distribution bottlenecks) could easily derail the recovery; in that respect, the slow start to the vaccination rollout in Europe is not 
promising. Other risks include an unexpected strong bout of inflation, a premature withdrawal of fiscal and monetary support, a spike in insol-
vencies and social unrest in response to rising inequalities and poverty in the aftermath of the pandemic. 
 
1 
The statement is based on an internal analysis by the Issuer of the available peer data as per Financial Year 2019.

--- Page 137 ---
137
Allianz Group expects policymakers to step up support to limit long-term scarring to the economy and provide a tailwind to the recovery. On the 
fiscal side, in Europe, safety net measures look set to be extended while in the United States stimulus spending will be stepped up in 2021. Mean-
while, central banks will continue with their bond purchases to ensure favorable refinancing rates to the public and the private sectors, with the 
U. S. Federal Reserve and European Central Bank maintaining record-low interest rates for the time being. 
At the beginning of 2021, equity markets have already consumed most of the optimism story and high valuations provide very little cushion 
against unexpected bad news. On the other hand, markets for safe assets, i.e., government bonds, embrace a more cautious stance. Allianz 
Group's baseline scenario assumes a slight increase in yields due to reflationary expectations as the economic recovery unfolds. 
INSURANCE INDUSTRY OUTLOOK 
The expected economic recovery and heightened risk awareness after the pandemic should give insurance markets some tailwinds in 2021. Pre-
miums are likely to increase in some lines of business. One of the legacies of the pandemic that will shape 2021 (and the following years) is 
accelerated digitalization: digital processes and distribution channels will continue to become more relevant. Another legacy, less pleasant, are 
low or even negative interest rates, which have become even more entrenched. Thus, falling investment returns will impact industry profitability 
in 2021 and beyond. 
In the non-life sector, premium growth is expected to return to pre-crisis levels, with emerging markets – and particularly China – outperforming 
advanced markets by a wide margin. Besides the recovery, another supportive factor is the ongoing hard market in commercial lines. On the 
other hand, investment income will remain under pressure, and in some business lines, claims from Covid-19 are likely to drag on. Social inflation 
and impacts from natural catastrophes are other factors that could drive claims higher and thus require thorough claims management to pre-
serve underwriting profitability. 
In the life sector, premium income should largely rebound in 2021. This optimism is based on two observations: the pandemic should have raised 
the awareness of the need for risk cover, especially for healthcare and life insurance, and the lockdowns have swollen the amount of excess 
savings, parts of which might be used to bolster old-age provisions. But there are also reasons to be cautious: first and foremost, ultra-low interest 
rates, which will not only impact profitability but also continue to weigh on the demand for savings-type insurance products. 
ASSET MANAGEMENT INDUSTRY OUTLOOK 
Monetary easing by central banks across the globe as well as fiscal support by many governments in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, 
massively helped capital markets. Market volatility, on the other hand, is very likely to persist and investors are expected to stay alert. Allianz 
Group therefore expects a volatile and overall moderate capital market contribution to assets under management growth. 
The asset management industry benefits from the strong market performance, but nevertheless industry profitability remains under pressure, 
due to continuous flows into passive products, new pricing models and rising distribution costs. Allianz Group also expects the trend towards 
industry consolidation to persist, accompanied by a growing cost awareness. Both developments lead to respective restructuring activities 
within the industry. At the same time, digital channels such as robo-advisory platforms are likely to continue gaining traction. The strengthening 
of regulatory oversight and reporting could also affect profitability in the asset management sector. Opportunities in the area of active asset 
management will continue to exist, particularly in alternative and solutions-oriented strategies, but also in the area of ESG (Environment, Social, 
Governance) investing. Allianz Group expects the Covid-19 pandemic to accelerate the already existing trends within the industry. In order to 
continue growing, it will remain vital for asset managers to keep sufficient business volumes, ensure efficient operations, and maintain a strong 
investment performance. 
OUTLOOK FOR THE ALLIANZ GROUP 
Allianz Group assumes no significant deviations from the following assumptions: 
− 
Expected global economic recovery, 
− 
Interest rates to remain at the current level, 
− 
No major disruptions in the capital markets, 
− 
No disruptive fiscal or regulatory interference, 
− 
Level of claims from natural catastrophes at expected average levels, 
− 
An average U.S. Dollar to Euro exchange rate of 1.17. 
In 2020, our total revenues were EUR 140.5 billion, a 1.3 % decrease on a nominal basis, compared to 2019. For 2021, Allianz Group envisages 
moderate growth, with strong growth in Property-Casualty, moderate growth in Asset Management and Life/Health revenues remaining rather 
stable. 
In its Property-Casualty insurance business, Allianz Group expects its revenues to increase by up to 6 % in 2021 (2020: 0.4 %), assuming a fast 
recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic, of which 1 % will come from its acquisition in Spain. Organic growth will be supported by favorable price 
and volume effects. Allianz Group expects revenue growth at Allianz Partners where Allianz Group has pooled its B2B2C activities. Allianz Group 
expects growth to pick up here in the second half of the year, depending on further developments of the Covid-19 pandemic. Further growth is

--- Page 138 ---
138 
likely to happen in Germany and Ireland as well as in Asian markets such as China. Allianz Group believes that the overall rise in prices that it saw 
in a number of markets in the past year will continue in 2021. Nevertheless, Allianz Group will adhere to its strict underwriting discipline, as it has 
in previous years, and Allianz Group will be prepared to accept a lower top line if it fails to achieve target margins. As the low-interest-rate envi-
ronment is likely to stay, investment income will remain under pressure due to the rather short investment spans in our Property-Casualty business 
segment. Going forward, Allianz Group will continue to actively adapt its investment strategy to changing market conditions. 
In its Life/Health insurance business, Allianz Group continuously works to make its business model more resilient to market volatility, for instance, 
by adjusting its products to market needs while keeping in line with our strategy. Going forward, Allianz Group will continue to improve its 
capital-efficient products – always with a particular focus on the customer – while exploring new market opportunities and building on its 
strong track record of product innovation. In addition, Allianz Group will continue to actively manage both its new and its in-force business 
through continuous price reviews, expense management, asset/liability management, crediting strategies and reinsurance solutions. As in the 
past years, this should allow Allianz Group to mitigate the impacts of difficult market conditions, in particular negative interest rates.  
In the Asset Management segment, Allianz Group envisages for 2021 overall moderate third-party net inflows and market returns at both PIMCO 
and AllianzGI, with relatively stable margins and stable performance fees, resulting in modest growth in operating revenues. Allianz Group also 
assumes the U.S. Dollar to remain relatively stable compared to 2020. 
Allianz Group's Corporate and Other segment is also affected by the development of the capital markets due to a lower expected investment 
result. 
Except as disclosed in the sections "Risk Factors" and "Recent events" above and in this section "Outlook for 2021", Allianz Group has no infor-
mation on trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the prospects of Allianz 
Group for the current financial year. The Covid-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on individuals, society, business and the wider 
economy across the globe. 
 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The statements contained herein may include prospects, statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based 
on management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or events 
may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
Such deviations may arise due to, without limitation, (i) changes of the general economic conditions and competitive situation, particularly in the 
Allianz Group's core business and core markets, (ii) performance of financial markets (particularly market volatility, liquidity and credit events) 
(iii) frequency and severity of insured loss events, including natural catastrophes, and the development of loss expenses, (iv) mortality and mor-
bidity levels and trends, (v) persistency levels, (vi) particularly in the banking business, the extent of credit defaults, (vii) interest rate levels, (viii) 
currency exchange rates including the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate, (ix) changes in laws and regulations, including tax regulations, (x) the 
impact of acquisitions, including related integration issues, and reorganization measures, and (xi) general competitive factors, in each case on a 
local, regional, national and/or global basis. Many of these changes can be exacerbated by terrorist activities. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF ALLIANZ SE 
GENERAL 
Allianz SE is a Germany-based stock corporation in the form of a European Company (Societas Europaea or "SE") and as such is subject to specific 
provisions regarding the SE (such as the Council Regulation (EC) 2157/2001 ("SE-Regulation") and the German Act on the SE-Implementation 
(SE-Ausführungsgesetz)). However, to a large extent Allianz SE is treated as a German stock corporation and therefore governed by the general 
provisions of German corporate law (in particular the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz)). The corporate bodies of Allianz SE are the 
Board of Management (Vorstand), the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) and the General Meeting (Hauptversammlung). The Board of Manage-
ment and the Supervisory Board are separate and no individual may serve simultaneously as a member of both boards. 
The Board of Management is responsible for managing the day-to-day business of Allianz SE in accordance with the European SE-Regulation, 
the German Stock Corporation Act, the Statutes (Satzung) of Allianz SE as well as its internal rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung). 
The Supervisory Board oversees the management and has comprehensive monitoring functions. It is also responsible for appointing and remov-
ing the members of the Board of Management. The Supervisory Board is not permitted to make management decisions, but as established by 
law, the Statutes or determined by the Supervisory Board or the General Meeting, certain types of transactions may require the Supervisory 
Board's prior consent.

--- Page 139 ---
139
BOARD OF MANAGEMENT  
The Board of Management (Vorstand) of Allianz SE currently consists of ten members, and is multinationally staffed, in keeping with Allianz 
Group's international orientation. The areas of responsibility of the members of the Board of Management and their principal board member-
ships outside the Allianz Group are listed below. 
Name
Area of Responsibility
Principal Outside Board Memberships and/or other duties
Oliver Bäte 
Chairman of the Board of Management  
of Allianz SE (CEO)
None 
Sergio Balbinot 
Insurance Western & Southern Europe,  
Asia Pacific 
Member of the board of directors of Unicredit S.p.A., Bajaj Alli-
anz General Insurance Co. Ltd. and Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance 
Co. Ltd.
Jacqueline Hunt 
Asset Management, US Life Insurance
None
Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle
Operations (COO); IT
None
Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler 
Insurance German Speaking Countries  
and Central & Eastern Europe
Member of the supervisory board of EUROKAI GmbH & Co. 
KGaA
Ivan de la Sota 
Business Transformation; 
Insurance Iberia & Latin America;  
Allianz Partners
Member of the supervisory board of Volkswagen Autoversi-
cherung AG 
Giulio Terzariol
Finance, Controlling, Risk (CFO)
None
Dr. Günther Thallinger
Investment Management
None
Christopher Townsend 
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets,  
Reinsurance, Middle East, Africa 
None 
Renate Wagner 
Human Resources, Legal, Compliance,  
Mergers & Acquisitions
None 
The members of the Board of Management may be contacted at the business address of Allianz SE.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
In accordance with the Statutes of Allianz SE, the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) of Allianz SE consists of twelve members, six of whom are 
shareholder representatives and six of whom are employee representatives. The current members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE, their 
principal occupations and their principal board memberships outside the Allianz Group, respectively, are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Principal Outside Board Memberships and/or other du-
ties
Michael Diekmann 
Chairman(1)
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of Fresenius Manage-
ment SE, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Siemens AG
Sophie Boissard(1) 
Chairwoman of Board of Management 
Korian S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of Korian Deutschland 
AG (Chairwoman), Korian Management AG (Chairwoman), 
Over SpA, Segesta SpA, Senior Living Group NV
Christine Bosse(1)
Member of various Supervisory Boards
Member of the Supervisory Board of Coop AmbA
Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg 
Vice Chairwoman(2)
Employee of Allianz Deutschland AG 
None 
Dr. Friedrich Eichiner(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of FESTO Management 
SE (Chairman), Infineon Technologies AG
Jean-Claude Le Goaër(2)
Employee of Allianz Informatique G.I.E
None
Martina Grundler(2) 
National Representative Insurances, 
ver.di, Berlin
None 
Herbert Hainer(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Member of the Supervisory Boards of FC Bayern München 
AG (Chairman), Accenture Plc 
Godfrey Robert Hayward(2)
Employee of Allianz Insurance Plc
None
Frank Kirsch(2) 
Employee of Allianz Beratungs- und  
Vertriebs-AG
None 
Jürgen Lawrenz(2)
Employee of Allianz Technology SE
None
Jim Hagemann Snabe 
Vice Chairman(1) 
Member of various Supervisory Boards 
Chairman of the Supervisory Boards of Siemens AG and 
A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S 
(1) 
Shareholder Representative 
(2) 
Employee Representative 
 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the business address of Allianz SE. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Allianz SE has not been notified or otherwise been informed by any of the members of the Board of Management or any member of the Super-
visory Board about any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Allianz SE of the members of the Board of Management and of the 
Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 141 ---
141
Major Shareholders and Change of Control Arrangements 
Under the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), holders of voting securities of a listed German company are required to 
notify the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, or BaFin) and the company of the 
level of their holding whenever it reaches, exceeds or falls below specified thresholds. These thresholds are 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 50% 
and 75% of a company's voting rights. The provisions of the German Securities Trading Act provide several criteria for attribution of voting rights. 
According to the latest notifications which Allianz has received, BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, USA, directly or indirectly holds between 5 and 10% 
and DWS Investment GmbH directly or indirectly holds between 3 and 5% of voting rights in Allianz SE. Other than described above, to the best 
knowledge of Allianz SE, no other shareholder holds, directly or indirectly, more than 3% of the voting rights in Allianz SE as of the date of this 
prospectus. 
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Financial information concerning the assets and liability, financial position and profits and losses of 
the Allianz Group 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial information covering the latest two financial years and the auditor's report in respect of each year, are incorporated 
by reference (see below section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
KEY FIGURES FOR HISTORICAL AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables indicate key figures for the financial years 2019 and 2020. The key figures for the financial years 2019 and 2020 are audited. 
Key figures as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 
 
2020
2019
Delta
Total revenues 
€ bn
140.5
142.4
-1.3%
Property-Casualty1 
€ bn
59.4
59.2
0.4%
Life/Health 
€ bn
74.0
76.4
-3.1%
Asset Management 
€ bn
7.3
7.2
2.6%
Corporate and Other 
€ bn
0.2
0.2
2.5%
Consolidation 
€ bn
(0.6)
(0.6)
-3.7%
Operating profit/loss 
€ mn
10,751
11,855
-9.3%
Property-Casualty 
€ mn
4,371
5,045
-13.4%
Life/Health 
€ mn
4,359
4,708
-7.4%
Asset Management 
€ mn
2,853
2,704
5.5%
Corporate and Other 
€ mn
(831)
(602)
38.1%
Consolidation 
€ mn
(1)
-
n.m.
Net income 
€ mn
7,133
8,302
-14.1%
attributable to non-controlling interests 
€ mn
326
387
-15.8%
attributable to shareholders 
€ mn
6,807
7,914
-14.0%
Additional KPIs 
Group Return on equity2, 3 
%
11.4%
13.6%
-2.2%-p
Property-Casualty Combined ratio 
%
96.3%
95.5%
0.8%-p
Life/Health New business margin 
%
2.8%
3.2%
-0.4%-p
Life/Health Value of new business 
€ mn
1,743
2,167
-19.6%
Asset Management Cost-income ratio 
%
61.2%
62.3%
-1.1%-p
 
12/31/2020
12/31/2019
Shareholders' equity3 
€ bn
80.8
74.0
9.2%
Solvency II capitalization ratio4 
%
207%
212%
-5.1%-p
Please note: The figures are presented in millions of Euros, unless otherwise stated. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. 
1_Total revenues comprise gross premiums written and fee and commission income. 
2_Represents the ratio of net income attributable to shareholders to the average shareholders' equity at the beginning of the period and at the end of the period. The net income attributable to shareholders is adjusted for net financial charges 
related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity. From the average shareholders' equity undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity and unrealized gains/losses on bonds net of shadow accounting are 
excluded. 
3_Excluding non-controlling interests. 
4_Risk capital figures are group diversified at 99.5% confidence level. Including the application of transitional measures for technical provisions, the Solvency II capitalization ratio is 240% as of 31 December 2020. 
 
SOLVENCY AND REGULATORY CAPITAL 
REGULATORY BACKGROUND 
The Solvency II framework imposes prudential requirements at the Allianz Group level as well on the individual European Economic Area (EEA) 
based insurance and reinsurance companies in the Allianz Group. Insurance supervision is exercised by national supervisors on the individual 
insurance and reinsurance companies of the Allianz Group and by the Allianz Group supervisor, which is BaFin, at the Allianz Group level. The 
Solvency II rules that came into force on January 1, 2016 introduced economic, risk-based capital requirements for insurance and reinsurance 
companies in all EEA member states, as well as for groups with insurance and/or reinsurance activities in the EEA. While the previous solvency 
directives concentrated mainly on the liabilities side (i.e., insurance risks) and included a relatively simple solvency formula based on technical 
provisions and insurance premiums, Solvency II introduced more comprehensive solvency requirements, taking the asset-side risks into account 
more extensively, but also provides more detailed rules regarding governance, risk management, risk assessment and risks associated with the

--- Page 143 ---
143
other entities within the Allianz Group. Solvency II is a holistic regulatory framework where the insurers' material risks and their interactions are 
considered. 
In particular, the Solvency II framework is structured along three pillars. Pillar 1 comprises quantitative requirements (including rules regarding 
the valuation of assets and liabilities such as technical provisions, risk capital requirements and own fund requirements). Pillar 2 requirements 
include governance and risk management requirements. Pillar 3 consists of disclosure and supervisory reporting requirements, including the 
annual publication of a Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR). Portions of the Allianz Group's 2019 SFCR Report are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. These three pillars should not only be considered in isolation, but also in terms of how they interact with one another. 
More complex risks, for instance, require a stronger risk management and governance structure and may lead to higher capital requirements. In 
addition to these requirements, which apply to individual EEA insurers and reinsurers, the Solvency II framework is complemented by requirements 
that apply at group level (group supervision). This means that a number of requirements from the Solvency II framework that apply to the indi-
vidual EEA insurance and reinsurance undertakings apply, with necessary modifications, at group level. 
PILLAR 1 REQUIREMENTS 
Solvency II requires EEA insurance and reinsurance companies to determine technical provisions at a value that corresponds with the present exit 
value of their insurance and reinsurance obligations towards policyholders and other beneficiaries of insurance and reinsurance contracts. The 
calculation of technical provisions should be based on market consistent information to the extent to which that information is available. 
The value of the technical provisions is equal to the sum of a best estimate of the value of the insurance contracts and a risk margin which is 
reflective of the cost of capital a third-party buyer would expect to earn if it wanted to acquire the portfolio upon an exit by us. The discount rate 
at which technical provisions are calculated is an important element in order to determine the technical provisions. This and other parameters to 
determine the technical provisions may have an important effect on the amount and volatility of the own funds that insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings are required to maintain. The Solvency II framework contains several measures (in particular the volatility adjustment and matching 
adjustment) that should reduce the volatility of the own funds that is due solely to credit spread movements. 
Insurers and reinsurers are required to hold a sufficient amount of "eligible own funds" to cover losses in an adverse scenario. The amount of 
eligible own funds that insurance and reinsurance companies are required to hold is the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) which is calibrated 
to a confidence level of 99.5% (reflecting the ability of insurance or reinsurance companies to withstand a 1-in-200-year event) and a "holding 
period" of one year. Insurance and reinsurance companies are allowed to: (a) use a standard formula to calculate their SCR (the rules for which 
are set out in detail in the Solvency II rules and guidelines); (b) use an internal model (for which the approval of the supervisory authorities is 
required); or (c) use a partial internal model (which is a combination of the standard formula being applied to some group entities, and an 
internal model to other group entities). An internal model has been developed by Allianz Group to better reflect the actual risk profile than the 
standard formula. The Allianz Group had determined its regulatory capital requirements on the basis of a partial internal model since January 1, 
2016.1 
In addition to the SCR, insurance and reinsurance companies should also calculate a Minimum Capital Requirement (MCR). This represents a 
lower level of financial security than the SCR, below which the level of eligible own funds held by the insurance or reinsurance company is not 
allowed to drop. An irreparable or prolonged breach of the MCR would lead to a withdrawal of an insurance or reinsurance company's license. 
Insurance and reinsurance companies are required to hold eligible own funds against the SCR and the MCR. 
For purposes of the Group, the Group SCR substantially consists of the sum of capital requirements (including diversification effects where appli-
cable) from (a) entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II, (b) entities regulated under insurance regula-
tion regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II (to the extent they are not included in the Group based on an internal or the standard 
model), and (c) entities regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs). Immaterial non-EEA (re)insurance entities are consid-
ered via book value deduction (Art. 229 Directive 2009/138/EC) and neither contribute to the Group SCR nor to Group own funds. The Group SCR 
is also often referred to as the Group's Solvency II capital requirement in the external communication of Allianz Group. 
The Group MCR represents the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement applicable to the Allianz Group, which is calculated 
as the sum of the Solo MCR of all entities in the group included via an internal or standard model. The scope of the Group for purposes of the 
Group MCR is limited to entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II. Group entities that are (a) regulated 
under insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II, and (b) financial institutions regulated otherwise (including banks, 
asset managers, and IORPs) are outside the scope of the Group MCR Ratio (no contribution to the Group MCR, no contribution to own fund items 
eligible to cover the Group MCR). See footnote 4 regarding the table of historical solvency ratios of Allianz SE and Allianz Group in the section 
"Description of Allianz SE and Allianz Group—Solvency and Regulatory Capital—Application of transitional measures on technical provisions in 
the calculation of Solvency and Minimum Capital Requirement ratios of Allianz SE and the Allianz Group" below. 
 
1 From a formal perspective, the German Supervisory Authority deems Allianz Group's model to be partial because it does not cover all of Allianz 
Group's operations: some of Allianz Group's smaller operations report under the standard model and others under the deduction and aggregation 
method.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Own funds capital is derived from the market value balance sheet ("MVBS") in line with the provisions of Solvency II, and is divided into three tiers 
in accordance with the quality of the own funds. Tier 1 capital, such as common equity and retained earnings (which are represented as one of 
the components of the so-called "reconciliation reserve" in the MVBS), is the highest quality of capital and must be able to absorb losses on a 
day-to-day, 'going-concern' basis. Tier 1 capital may be restricted (i.e., subject to a regulatory maximum limit) or unrestricted (i.e., not subject to a 
regulatory maximum limit). Tier 2 capital is of a lower quality and is available to absorb losses on insolvency. Tier 3 capital is the lowest quality of 
capital permitted and has only limited loss-absorbing capacity. 
The Allianz Group's and Allianz SE's tiers of own funds comprise: 
• 
Unrestricted Tier 1 ("UT1") capital: UT1 capital consists primarily of share capital and the share premium account, surplus funds as well 
as the reconciliation reserve, minus related deductions. The reconciliation reserve represents the excess of assets over liabilities derived 
from the MVBS, reduced by mainly share capital, share premium account, surplus funds, net deferred tax assets, and deductions for 
own shares as well as foreseeable dividends and distributions. 
• 
Restricted Tier 1 ("RT1") capital: RT1 capital corresponds to perpetual subordinated liabilities issued by the Allianz Group that meet 
certain requirements or that benefit from grandfathered treatment under Solvency II. The Issuer expects the Notes to qualify as RT1 
capital eligible to cover the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and the Allianz Group. 
• 
Tier 2 ("T2") capital: T2 capital corresponds to subordinated liabilities of the Allianz Group that meet certain requirements but do not 
qualify as RT1. 
• 
Tier 3 ("T3") capital: T3 capital relates mainly to the available part of net deferred tax assets. 
For compliance with the Group SCR and Solo SCR rules, the following quantitative limits apply: (a) the eligible amount of Tier 1 items must be at 
least one half of the SCR; (b) the eligible amount of RT1 is limited to 20% of Tier 1 capital; (c) the eligible amount of Tier 3 items is limited to 15% 
of the SCR; and (d) the sum of the eligible amounts of Tier 2 and Tier 3 items is limited to 50% of the SCR. 
For compliance with the Group MCR and Solo MCR rules, the following quantitative limits apply: (a) the eligible amount of Tier 1 items must be 
at least 80% of the MCR; (b) the eligible amount of RT1 is limited to 20% of Tier 1 capital; and (c) the eligible amount of Tier 2 items is limited to 
20% of the MCR. Tier 3 items are not eligible to cover the MCR. 
APPLICATION OF TRANSITIONAL MEASURES ON TECHNICAL PROVISIONS IN THE CALCULATION OF SOLVENCY 
AND MINIMUM CAPITAL REQUIREMENT RATIOS OF ALLIANZ SE AND THE ALLIANZ GROUP 
Solvency II contemplates transitional measures to allow EEA entities to gradually move to a full implementation of Solvency II over a period of 
time. However, in connection with its ongoing 2020 review of the Solvency II Directive, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Au-
thority ("EIOPA") recommended that insurers should only be allowed to start applying such transitional measures to technical provisions in very 
limited cases. The Issuer had previously treated the ability to apply for such transitional measures as one of its potential recovery tools as part of 
its recovery plan. Accordingly, in order to avoid losing the ability to avail itself of such transitional measures, the Issuer caused two of its subsidiaries 
(Allianz Leben and Allianz Private Krankenversicherung) to apply for transitional measures for their technical provisions, and BaFin granted its 
approval in June 2020. 
The application of transitional measures on technical provisions reduces the Solvency II MVBS value of technical provisions. The reduction is, in 
principle, calculated based on the difference between the value of technical provisions under the prior regulatory regime (known as "Solvency I") 
and their value under the current Solvency II regime, as per January 1, 2016. The reduction of technical provisions increases the excess of assets 
over liabilities (MVBS) of Allianz Group, which in turn leads to an increase of the own funds of Allianz Group (net of potential deferred tax). In 
addition, the Group SCR and Group MCR capital requirements and other items of group own funds can also be impacted. As a result, as of 
December 31, 2020, the eligible own funds of Allianz Group increased by EUR 13.6 billion due to the application of transitional measures on 
technical provisions, and the Allianz Group SCR ratio increased by 33 percentage points from 207% to 240%. The Group MCR ratio increased by 
40 percentage points from 257% to 296%. 
The increase of the excess of assets over liabilities of Allianz Leben and Allianz Private Krankenversicherung also impact the value of Allianz SE's 
equity participations and thus of total assets in the MVBS of Allianz SE on an individual basis (known as the "Solo MVBS"). As a consequence, 
the transitional measures on technical provisions applied by its two subsidiaries also increase the excess of assets over liabilities (MVBS) of Allianz 
SE, which in turn leads to an increase of the solo own funds of Allianz SE (net of potential deferred tax). The higher equity participation values 
also have a meaningful impact on the Solo SCR and Solo MCR capital requirements of Allianz SE. As a result, as of December 31, 2020, the 
eligible solo own funds of Allianz SE increased by EUR 13.6 billion due to the application of transitional measures on technical provisions, whereas 
the Allianz Solo SCR and Solo MCR increased by EUR 4.5 billion and EUR 1.1 billion respectively. The Solo SCR ratio increased by 5 percentage 
points from 257% to 262%. The Solo MCR increased by 35 percentage points from 948% to 913%. 
The effect of the application of transitional measures on technical provisions decreases over time until January 1, 2032, when such measures will 
cease to have an effect on the MVBS of either the Group or the Issuer (solo). The base amount by which technical provisions can be reduced, and 
by which the excess of assets over liabilities (MVBS) is increased, is calculated based on a portion of the difference between the value of technical 
provisions under Solvency I and that under the current Solvency II regime, as per January 1, 2016. The maximum deductible portion of this base

--- Page 145 ---
145
amount decreases linearly from 100% during the year starting from January 1, 2016 to zero on January 1, 2032. The BaFin can request a recalcu-
lation of the benefit from transitional measures on technical provisions every 24 months, or more frequently where the risk profile of the relevant 
undertakings has materially changed. Such a recalculation may result in a faster reduction of the deductible amount, and hence lower solvency 
ratios, than is the case under the current calculation methodology. 
In addition, in connection with its ongoing 2020 review of the Solvency II Directive, EIOPA has also recommended that it should be clarified that 
benefits from transitional measures on technical provisions are to be assumed at group level as non-available own funds. If this recommendation 
would be taken up in the further review procedure, the effect of the transitional measures on eligible own funds of the Group for purposes of the 
Group SCR Ratio and the Group MCR Ratio would be largely reduced or even nil. 
The Allianz Group's approach to capital steering will continue to be based on the previous approach, which excludes the application of transi-
tional measures for technical provisions. For example, the 180% (or greater) target for Allianz Group's SCR Ratio refers to the Group SCR ratio 
excluding the effect of such transitionals. However, all solvency ratios applicable to the Notes (Group SCR Ratio, Group MCR Ratio, Solo SCR 
Ratio, Solo MCR Ratio), in particular all solvency ratios which are used to determine whether a Trigger Event or a Deterioration Event has occurred, 
will take into account the effects from applying the transitional measures for technical provisions as approved by BaFin. 
The following table illustrates the solvency capitalization ratios and the minimum capital requirement ratios of the Issuer and the Allianz Group, 
as applicable, both including and excluding the effect of transitionals, as of December 31, 2020. In addition, the table below illustrates the sol-
vency capitalization ratios and the minimum capital requirement ratios of the Issuer and the Allianz Group, as applicable, excluding the effect of 
transitionals, as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As of  
December 31,
 
2020 
(including 
transitio-
nals)
2020 
(excluding 
transitio-
nals)
2019 
(excluding 
transitio-
nals)
Solo SCR Ratio1
262%
257%
242%
Group SCR Ratio2
240%
207%
212%
Solo MCR Ratio3 
 
948% 
913% 
869% 
Group MCR Ratio4
296%
257%
261%
____________________ 
 
1 The Solo SCR ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis) 
eligible to cover the Solo SCR by (ii) the Solo SCR. The Solo SCR represents the solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on 
an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). For the purpose of determining the "Solo SCR Ratio" applicable to the Notes, the Solo SCR Ratio 
will include transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Requirements. 
2 The Group SCR ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group SCR by (ii) 
the Group SCR. The Group SCR represents the Solvency II capital requirement of the Group (or Group SCR) substantially consisting of the 
capital requirements from (a) entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance with Solvency II, (b) entities regulated under 
insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II (to the extent they are not included in the Group based on an internal 
or the standard model), and (c) entities regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs). Immaterial non-EEA (re)insurance 
entities are considered via book value deduction (Art. 229 Directive 2009/138/EC). For the purposes of determining the "Group SCR Ratio" 
applicable to the Notes, Group SCR Ratio will include transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Requirements. 
3 The Solo MCR ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis) 
eligible to cover the Solo MCR by (ii) the Solo MCR. The Solo MCR represents the minimum capital requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., 
on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). For the purpose of determining the "Solo MCR Ratio" applicable to the Notes, the Solo MCR 
Ratio will include transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Requirements. 
4 The Group MCR ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of the Allianz Group eligible to cover the Group MCR by (ii) 
the Group MCR. The Group MCR represents the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement applicable to the Allianz Group. 
The scope of the Group for purposes of the Group MCR ratio is limited to entities applying either internal or standard models in accordance 
with Solvency II. Group entities that are (a) regulated under insurance regulation regimes that are deemed equivalent to Solvency II, and (b) 
financial institutions regulated otherwise (including banks, asset managers, and IORPs) are outside the scope of the Group MCR ratio (no

--- Page 146 ---
146 
contribution to the Group MCR, no contribution to own fund items eligible to cover the Group MCR). For the purpose of determining the 
"Group MCR Ratio" applicable to the Notes, the Group MCR Ratio will include transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Re-
quirements. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Allianz Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings in Germany and a number of foreign jurisdictions, includ-
ing the United States. Such proceedings arise in the ordinary course of business, including, amongst others, their activities as insurance, banking 
and asset management companies, employers, investors and taxpayers. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of 
such proceedings, they may result in substantial damages or other payments or penalties or result in adverse publicity and damage to the Allianz 
Group's reputation. As a result, such proceedings could have an adverse effect on the Allianz Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Apart from the proceedings discussed below, Allianz SE is not aware of any threatened or pending legal, regulatory or arbitration 
proceedings nor were there any such proceedings, during a period covering the twelve months preceding the date of this prospectus, which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on its and/or the Allianz Group's financial position or profitability. Material proceedings in 
which Allianz Group companies have been involved during the past twelve months are in particular the following: 
In September 2015 and in January 2017, two separate putative class action complaints were filed against Allianz Life Insurance Company of 
North America ("Allianz Life") making allegations similar to those made in prior class actions regarding the sale of Allianz Life's annuity products, 
including allegations of breach of contract and violation of California unfair competition law. In one matter, the Court denied class certification. 
The case, which continued as an individual action, was settled between the parties with no effect on Allianz Group's financial position. The ulti-
mate outcome of the remaining case cannot yet be determined. 
Since July 2020, multiple complaints have been filed in the U.S. Federal Court for the Southern District of New York (the "S.D.N.Y."), and also in 
certain U.S. State Courts against Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC ("AllianzGI U.S. LLC") and in certain complaints, against certain of AllianzGI U.S. 
LLC's affiliates, including Allianz SE and Allianz Asset Management GmbH ("Affiliate Allianz Defendants"), in connection with losses suffered by 
investors in AllianzGI U.S. LLC's Structured Alpha funds ("Funds") during the Covid-19 related market downturn. The actions brought to date have 
included institutional investor plaintiffs and individual plaintiffs with certain plaintiffs asserting claims on behalf of putative classes. An investment 
consultant has also asserted third-party claims against AllianzGI U.S. LLC. Plaintiffs in the pending actions have alleged losses of several billion 
dollars. In exchange for a tolling agreement, plaintiffs in the actions filed in the S.D.N.Y. have agreed to voluntarily dismiss claims against the 
Affiliate Allianz Defendants. In addition to the complaints filed to date, other investors in the Funds, or other third parties, may bring similar 
actions. Allianz intends to defend vigorously against the allegations contained in the complaints. AllianzGI U.S. LLC has also received information 
requests from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regarding an SEC investigation of the Funds, and is fully cooperating with the 
SEC's investigation. The ultimate outcome of the court proceedings as well as the SEC investigation cannot yet be determined. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF ALLIANZ SE OR ALLIANZ GROUP 
Save as disclosed in the sections "Recent events", there have been no significant changes with regard to the financial position of Allianz SE or 
Allianz Group since 31 December 2020. 
Additional information 
SHARE CAPITAL OF ALLIANZ SE 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the share capital of Allianz SE is EUR 1,169,920,000 divided into 412,293,128 registered no-par value shares 
(Stückaktien) with restricted transferability. Each share is entitled to one vote. There is only one class of shares (i.e., ordinary shares), and all shares 
are fully paid-up. 
All shares of Allianz SE are issued as registered shares with no-par value (nennwertlose Stückaktien). The shares may only be transferred with the 
consent of Allianz SE. Allianz SE will only withhold its consent to a duly applied request if it deems this to be necessary in the interest of Allianz SE 
on exceptional grounds. Allianz SE will inform the applicant about the reasons leading to such refusal. ADEUS Aktienregister-Service-GmbH keeps 
the share register of Allianz SE. Registration of a shareholder in the share register is a prerequisite for the exercise of participation and voting 
rights during the General Meeting. 
Allianz SE may combine individual shares into share certificates that represent multiple shares (global shares or global certificates). Shareholders 
have no right to receive individual share certificates unless receipt thereof is necessary pursuant to the rules applicable to a stock exchange on 
which the shares are listed. 
MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
The Articles of Association of Allianz SE are registered with the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) in Munich under the entry 
number HRB 164232.

--- Page 147 ---
147
Pursuant to Section 1 para. 2 of its Statutes, the purpose of Allianz SE is to direct an international group of companies that are active in the areas 
of insurance, banking, asset management and other financial, consulting, and similar services and to hold ownership interests in insurance com-
panies, banks, industrial companies, investment companies and other enterprises. As a reinsurer, Allianz SE primarily assumes insurance business 
from its group companies and from other companies in which Allianz SE holds direct or indirect interests. 
Pursuant to Section 1 para. 3 of its Statutes, Allianz SE is authorized to transact any business and to take any measures which seem appropriate 
to serve its purpose. It may form and acquire companies and acquire interest in companies as well as manage companies, or it may confine itself 
to managing its interests. Within the framework of its purpose, Allianz SE is authorized to raise loans and to issue bonds. 
Material contracts 
For material contracts creating contingent liabilities, please refer to Note 38 of the consolidated financial statements 2020 under "OTHER COM-
MITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES" (see pages 163–164 of the Annual Report 2020 of the Allianz Group). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Allianz Group uses, throughout its financial publications, alternative performance measures (APMs) in addition to the figures which are pre-
pared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European Union. We believe that these 
measures provide useful information to investors and enhance the understanding of our results. These financial measures are designed to meas-
ure performance, growth, profit generation and capital efficiency. 
The APMs should be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS. 
The Allianz Group uses the following major alternative performance measures: 
− 
Total revenues  
− 
Operating profit 
− 
Return on equity 
− 
Combined ratio 
− 
New business margin 
− 
Cost-income ratio 
Investors should consider that similarly titled APMs reported by other companies may be calculated differently. For that reason, the comparability 
of APMs across companies might be limited. 
In accordance with the guidelines of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), the following information is given in regards to the 
above mentioned alternative performance measures: 
− 
Definition of the APMs, their use and limitations on the usefulness: section "Definitions, use and limitations" below. 
− 
Reconciliation of the APMs to the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented in the financial statements: sections "Rec-
onciliations as of 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (Audited)" below. 
Definitions, use and limitations 
TOTAL REVENUES 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
Total revenues are the "top line" figure from which costs and expenses are subtracted to determine operating profit and net income. According to 
our business segments, total revenues in the Allianz Group comprise total revenues in Property-Casualty, statutory premiums in Life/Health, op-
erating revenues in Asset Management and total revenues in Corporate and Other (Banking). 
 
Total revenues Allianz Group =  
Total revenues Property-Casualty 
                                             + Statutory premiums Life/Health 
                                             + Operating revenues Asset Management 
                                             + Total revenues Corporate and Other (Banking) 
We consider total revenues as a key performance indicator and believe that it is useful and meaningful to our external audience because it is an 
important financial measure for the performance and growth of the Allianz Group during a specific time period.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Total revenues do not provide any information as to the profitability of the Allianz Group. Therefore, total revenues should always be viewed in 
conjunction with e.g. operating profit or net income. 
Furthermore, total revenues are subject to fluctuations which do not derive from the performance of the Allianz Group. These fluctuations result 
from effects of price changes, foreign currency translation as well as acquisitions, disposals and transfers. Accordingly, in addition to presenting 
nominal total revenue growth, we also present internal growth, which excludes some of these effects. 
 
OPERATING PROFIT (OP) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
The Allianz Group uses operating profit to evaluate the performance of its reportable segments as well as of the Allianz Group as a whole. Op-
erating profit highlights the portion of income before income taxes that is attributable to the ongoing core operations of the Allianz Group. 
The Allianz Group considers the presentation of operating profit to be useful and meaningful to investors because it enhances the understanding 
of the Allianz Group's underlying operating performance and the comparability of its operating performance over time. 
Operating profit is used as one of the decision metrics by Allianz Group's management. 
To better understand the ongoing operations of the business, the Allianz Group generally excludes the following non-operating effects: 
− income from financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income (net), 
− realized gains and losses (net) and impairments of investments (net), 
− interest expenses from external debt, 
− acquisition-related expenses (from business combinations), 
− amortization of intangible assets, 
− restructuring and integration expenses, 
− profit (loss) of substantial subsidiaries classified as held for sale. 
The following exceptions apply to this general rule: 
− In all reportable segments, income from financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income (net) is treated as operating profit 
if the income relates to operating business. 
− For life/health insurance business and property-casualty insurance products with premium refunds, all items listed above are included in 
operating profit if the profit sources are shared with policyholders. There is one exception from this general rule with regard to policyholder 
participation in extraordinary tax benefits and expenses. As IFRS require that the consolidated income statements present all tax benefits in 
the income taxes line item, even when they belong to policyholders, the corresponding expenses for premium refunds are shown as non-
operating as well. 
Operating profit should be viewed as complementary to, and not as a substitute for, income before income taxes or net income as determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Operating profit is subject to fluctuations which do not derive from the performance of the Allianz Group such as changes in foreign currency 
rates or acquisitions, disposals and transfers between reportable segments. 
RETURN ON EQUITY (ROE) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
For the Allianz Group, return on equity represents the ratio of net income attributable to shareholders to the average shareholders' equity at the 
beginning of the period and at the end of the period.  
In 2020, the Allianz Group issued undated subordinated bonds which qualify as equity under IFRS. For the RoE calculation, the undated subordi-
nated bonds are treated as subordinated liabilities. To achieve this, the value of these undated subordinated bonds is deducted from sharehold-
ers' equity. Net income attributable to shareholders is also adjusted to reflect the net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds 
classified as shareholders' equity. These charges are recorded through shareholders' equity under IFRS.  
Unrealized gains/losses on bonds net of shadow accounting are excluded from the average shareholders' equity.

--- Page 149 ---
149
RoE AZ Group  =               Net income attributable to shareholders1              
(Shareholders' equity2 beginning of period+
Shareholders' equity2 end of period)/2
 
1_Net income attributable to shareholders adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity. 
2_Shareholders' equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity and excluding unrealized gains/losses on bonds net of shadow accounting. 
 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The RoE of the Allianz Group or the Life/Health segment include items which are not indicative of management performance. Furthermore, RoE 
is not available at Line of Business or product level. 
The performance indicator RoE is inherently limited by the fact that it represents a ratio and thus does not provide any information as to the 
absolute amount of net income or shareholders’ equity excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders‘ equity and excluding 
unrealized gains/losses on bonds net of shadow accounting. 
COMBINED RATIO (CR) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS 
The Allianz Group uses the combined ratio as a measure of underwriting profitability in the Property-Casualty segment. The combined ratio 
represents the total of acquisition and administrative expenses (net) and claims and insurance benefits incurred (net) divided by premiums 
earned (net). 
 
CR PC Segment= Acq. and admin. expenses (net)1+  Claims and ins. benefits inc. (net)1
Premiums earned (net)1
 
1_In insurance terminology the term "net" means after reinsurance ceded. 
The combined ratio is typically expressed as a percentage. A ratio of below 100 % indicates that the underwriting result is profitable, whereas a 
ratio of above 100 % indicates an underwriting loss.  
The combined ratio can be further broken down into the loss ratio and the expense ratio. The loss ratio represents claims and insurance benefits 
incurred (net) divided by premiums earned (net), and thus expresses the percentage of net earned premiums used to settle claims. 
 
Loss Ratio PC Segment= Claims and ins. benefits inc. (net)
Premiums earned (net)
 
  
The expense ratio represents acquisition and administrative expenses (net) divided by premiums earned (net). It expresses the percentage of net 
earned premiums used to cover underwriting expenses for the acquisition of new or renewal business and for administrative expenses. 
 
Expense RatioPC Segment= Acq. and admin. expenses (net)
Premiums earned (net)
 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The combined ratio is used to measure underwriting profitability, but it does not capture the profitability of the investment result or the non-
operating result. Even in case of a combined ratio of above 100 %, the operating profit and/or the net income can still be positive due to a positive 
investment income and/or a positive non-operating result.  
Moreover, the usefulness of the combined ratio is inherently limited by the fact that it is a ratio and thus it does not provide information on the 
absolute amount of the underwriting result. 
NEW BUSINESS MARGIN (NBM) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS  
The new business margin is a common key performance indicator to measure the profitability of new business in our Life/Health segment. The 
NBM is calculated as the Value of new business (VNB) divided by the Present value of new business premiums (PVNBP). All three components 
are shown after non-controlling interests unless otherwise stated.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
NBMLH Segment= 
Value of new business (VNB)
Present value of new business premium (PVNBP) 
 
The VNB is the additional value to the shareholder which is created through the activity of writing new business in the current period. It is defined 
as the present value of future profits (PVFP) after acquisition expenses overrun or underrun, minus the time value of financial options and guar-
antees (O & G) and minus the risk margin (RM), all determined at the date of issue. Value of new business is calculated at point of sale, interpreted 
as at beginning of each quarter assumptions. In the case of the USA a more frequent valuation, using updated assumptions, is performed (bi-
weekly). 
The PVNBP is the present value of projected new regular premiums, discounted with risk-free rates, plus the total amount of single premiums 
received.  
VNB and PVNBP are determined by using an actuarial platform. In the actuarial platform, insurance contracts are projected deterministically 
using best estimate assumptions for lapse, mortality, disability and expenses until maturity. Contracts are projected no longer than 60 years. 
Premiums are before reinsurance. To receive a valid and meaningful NBM, the calculation of VNB and PVNBP need to be based on the same 
assumptions. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
Limitations come from the best estimate assumptions, including risk-free rate, and the long projection period of up to 60 years. The best estimate 
assumptions are derived from historical data. That means that a different future customer behavior could lead to variances. The same is appli-
cable for the risk-free rate, which is based on current market data. Furthermore, the long projection period is worthy of discussion, because 
changes such as regulatory changes or a new currency are not reflected in the projection. 
COST-INCOME RATIO (CIR) 
DEFINITION AND USEFULNESS  
The Allianz Group uses the cost-income ratio as a key performance indicator in the Asset Management segment. The CIR sets operating expenses 
in relation to operating revenues in a given period. 
 
CIRAM Segment= Operating expenses1
Operating revenues2 
1_Operating expenses consist of administrative expenses (net), excluding acquisition-related expenses. 
2_Operating revenues are the sum of net fee and commission income, net interest income, income from  
financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income and other income. The term "net" means 
that the relevant expenses have already been deducted. 
The Allianz Group uses CIR in order to measure the efficiency of its activities in the Asset Management segment. Changes in the ratio indicate a 
change in efficiency. 
LIMITATIONS ON THE USEFULNESS 
The CIR in a given period of time can be influenced by special items, one-offs or foreign exchange effects on the revenue and/or expense side 
which lead to a change in CIR without a long-term change of efficiency. 
Moreover, the usefulness of the cost-income ratio is inherently limited by the fact that it is a ratio and thus it does not provide information on the 
absolute amount of the operating revenues and expenses.

--- Page 151 ---
151
RECONCILIATIONS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2019 AND 31 DECEMBER 2020 (AUDITED) 
TOTAL REVENUES 
Composition of total revenues 
€ mn 
  
2020
2019
PROPERTY-CASUALTY 
 
 
Total revenues 
59,412
59,156
consisting of: 
 
 
Gross premiums written 
57,772
57,210
Fee and commission income 
1,640
1,946
LIFE/HEALTH 
 
 
Statutory premiums 
74,044
76,426
ASSET MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Operating revenues 
7,347
7,164
consisting of: 
 
 
Net fee and commission income 
7,358
7,171
Net interest and similar income 
 (15)
 (10)
Income from financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income (net) 
3
1
Other income 
2
1
CORPORATE AND OTHER 
 
 
thereof: Total revenues (Banking) 
245
239
consisting of: 
 
 
Interest and similar income 
63
73
Income from financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income (net)1 
2
3
Fee and commission income 
561
576
Interest expenses, excluding interest expenses from external debt 
 (22)
 (21)
Fee and commission expenses 
 (359)
 (394)
Consolidation effects within Corporate 
and Other 
-
1
CONSOLIDATION 
 (593)
 (616)
Allianz Group total revenues 
140,455
142,369
 
1_Includes trading income. 
Reconciliation of Life/Health statutory premiums to premiums earned (net) 
€ mn 
 
2020
2019
Statutory premiums 
74,044
76,426
Ceded premiums written 
(855)
(727)
Change in unearned premiums 
(542)
(632)
Deposits from insurance and investment contracts 
(48,564)
(50,480)
Premiums earned (net) 
24,083
24,586

--- Page 152 ---
152 
OPERATING PROFIT (OP) 
Business segment information – reconciliation of operating profit (loss) to net income (loss) 
€ mn 
 
Property-
Casualty
Life/Health
Asset
Management
Corporate and
Other
Consolidation
Group
2020 
Operating profit (loss) 
4,371
4,359
2,853
(831)
(1)
10,751
 
Non-operating investment result 
Non-operating income from financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income 
(net)1 
68
57
1
(150)
(3)
(28)
Non-operating realized gains/losses (net)1 
490
738
-
221
9
1,458
Non-operating impairments of investments (net)1 
(577)
(144)
-
(138)
-
(860)
Subtotal 
(20)
651
1
(68)
6
570
Non-operating change in reserves for insurance and investment contracts (net)1 
-
27
-
-
-
27
Interest expenses from external debt 
-
-
-
(729)
-
(729)
Acquisition-related expenses 
-
-
(8)
-
-
(8)
Non-operating amortization of intangible assets 
(163)
(44)
(16)
(18)
-
(240)
Non-operating restructuring and integration expenses 
(409)
(60)
(171)
(128)
-
(768)
Reclassifications 
-
1
-
-
-
1
Non-operating items 
(592)
575
(194)
(942)
6
(1,148)
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
3,778
4,934
2,659
(1,773)
5
9,604
Income taxes 
(1,173)
(1,168)
(686)
557
-
(2,471)
Net income (loss) 
2,605
3,766
1,973
(1,216)
5
7,133
 
Net income (loss) attributable to: 
Non-controlling interests 
96
160
110
(40)
-
326
Shareholders 
2,509
3,606
1,863
(1,176)
6
6,807
2019 
Operating profit (loss) 
5,045
4,708
2,704
(602)
-
11,855
 
Non-operating investment result 
Non-operating income from financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through income 
(net)1 
(15)
109
-
12
2
107
Non-operating realized gains/losses (net)1 
878
155
-
76
(5)
1,104
Non-operating impairments of investments (net)1 
(345)
(131)
-
(105)
-
(581)
Subtotal 
518
133
-
(17)
(3)
630
Non-operating change in reserves for insurance and investment contracts (net)1 
-
2
-
-
-
2
Interest expenses from external debt 
-
-
-
(813)
-
(813)
Acquisition-related expenses 
-
-
(24)
-
-
(24)
Non-operating amortization of intangible assets 
(98)
(49)
(16)
(13)
-
(176)
Non-operating restructuring and integration expenses 
(241)
(43)
(9)
(104)
-
(398)
Reclassifications 
-
-
-
-
-
-
Non-operating items 
179
43
(49)
(947)
(3)
(778)
 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
5,224
4,750
2,656
(1,549)
(3)
11,077
Income taxes 
(1,241)
(1,227)
(664)
355
1
(2,776)
Net income (loss) 
3,983
3,523
1,992
(1,194)
(2)
8,302
 
Net income (loss) attributable to: 
Non-controlling interests 
73
187
85
43
-
387
Shareholders 
3,910
3,336
1,907
(1,237)
(2)
7,914
1_In investment terminology the term "net" is used when the relevant expenses have already been deducted.

--- Page 153 ---
153
RETURN ON EQUITY (ROE) 
Reconciliation of return on equity for Allianz Group 
€ mn 
 
2020
2019
Net income attributable to shareholders 
6,801
7,914
Shareholders' equity bop 
74,002
61,232
Shareholders' equity eop 
78,557
74,002
Unrealized gains/losses on bonds 
net of shadow accounting bop 
13,796
4,894
Unrealized gains/losses on bonds 
net of shadow accounting eop 
19,257
13,796
Return on equity (excluding undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity and excluding unrealized gains/losses on 
bonds net of shadow accounting) in % 
11.4
13.6
 
 
COMBINED RATIO (CR)  
Reconciliation of combined ratio 
€ mn 
 
2019
2019
Claims and insurance benefits incurred (net) 
(35,883)
(34,900)
Acquisition and administrative expenses (net) 
(13,846)
(14,119)
Premiums earned (net) 
51,631
51,328
Combined ratio in % 
96.3
95.5
Loss ratio in % 
69.5
68.0
Expense ratio in % 
26.8
27.5
 
 
NEW BUSINESS MARGIN (NBM) 
There is no comparable IFRS financial measure. Therefore, a reconciliation is not possible. However, our calculation of NBM is consistent with the 
accounting policies we apply in our financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
COST-INCOME RATIO (CIR) 
Reconciliation of cost-income ratio  
€ mn 
 
2020
2019
Operating expenses 
(4,494)
(4,460)
Operating revenues 
7,347
7,164
Cost-income ratio in % 
61.2
62.3

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Statutory Auditors 
Since 1 January 2018, PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., with their registered address being Fascinatio Boulevard 350, 3065 WB Rotter-
dam, The Netherlands ("PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.") has been appointed as auditors of Allianz Finance II B.V. The auditor 
signing on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a member of The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Kon-
inklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the Netherlands. 
Information about the Issuer 
GENERAL  
Allianz Finance II B.V. was founded as a private limited liability company in the Netherlands on 8 May 2000 for an unlimited duration. The corpo-
rate seat of the Issuer is in Amsterdam and its office address is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, The Netherlands, telephone number 
(+31)(20) 5569718. Allianz Finance II B.V. is entered in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam under no. 34134406. The legal name of the Issuer 
is "Allianz Finance II B.V." and it is operating under the laws of The Netherlands. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of Allianz Finance II B.V. is 
529900C9NVPTCPDI1D65. 
RECENT EVENTS MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER'S SOLVENCY 
There have been no recent events particular to Allianz Finance II B.V. which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the solvency of 
Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE ISSUER'S BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
There have been no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year. 
Business Overview 
The principal activity of Allianz Finance II B.V. is to issue bonds on behalf of and under a guarantee by its parent company, Allianz SE. Cash 
collected through a bond issue is loaned in full to Allianz SE or, if agreed so, to another entity within the Allianz Group. 
Organizational Structure 
Allianz Finance II B.V. is wholly-owned by Allianz SE and acts as a financing entity within the Allianz Group. As such, it is not dependent on any 
other entity within the Group. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus Allianz Finance II B.V. does not have any subsidiaries and does not carry out any operational activity. 
Trend Information 
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN THE PROSPECTS 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial performance of Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer has both a supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board") and a board of managing directors (the "Management Board"). 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V.

--- Page 155 ---
155
The members of the Management Board of Allianz Finance II B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other
duties 
J.C.M. Zarnitz 
Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz
Finance III B.V.
C. Bunschoten 
Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz
Finance III B.V. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance II B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other
duties
J.M. Eriksson 
Chairman 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V. 
A. Wiechert 
Member 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V.
The Supervisory Board of the Allianz Finance II B.V. has not established any committees. 
The business address of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
There are no conflicts of interests between the private interests and/or other duties of the members of the Management Board and the Supervi-
sory Board and their respective duties vis-à-vis the Issuer. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2020, Allianz SE directly held 100% of the issued ordinary shares of Allianz Finance II B.V. 
Financial Information 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial information covering the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 respectively and the au-
ditor’s report in respect of each year are incorporated by reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitrational proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of its assets during the preceding 12 months, which may have or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Allianz Group's financial position or profitability or which might be material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL POSITION 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial position of Allianz Finance II B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
Additional Information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the issued and fully paid in share capital of Allianz Finance II B.V. amounts to EUR 2,000,000 consisting of 
2,000 registered shares with a nominal value of EUR 1,000 each. Each share carries one vote. There is no authorized share capital. 
The Articles of Association of Allianz Finance II B.V. are registered under number 34134406 in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam. The cor-
porate objects of Allianz Finance II B.V., as stipulated in Article 3 of its Articles of Association, are to carry out financial business of all types, in 
particular the lending and borrowing of funds, including the issue of bonds, and participation in companies and enterprises.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Material Contracts 
Other than in the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer has not entered into any material contracts which could result in the Issuer being under 
an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
157
Statutory Auditors 
Since 1 January 2018, PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. has been appointed as auditors of Allianz Finance III B.V. The auditor signing 
on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a member of The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the Netherlands. 
Information about the Issuer 
GENERAL  
Allianz Finance III B.V. was founded as a private limited liability company in the Netherlands on November 29, 2005 for an unlimited duration. 
The corporate seat of the Issuer is in Amsterdam and its office address is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, the Netherlands, telephone 
number (+31)(20) 5569718. Allianz Finance III B.V. is entered in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam under no. 34237528. The legal name of 
the Issuer is "Allianz Finance III B.V." and it is operating under the laws of The Netherlands. The LEI of Allianz Finance III B.V. is 
5299000TG8YATYNK8P87. 
RECENT EVENTS MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER'S SOLVENCY 
There have been no recent events particular to Allianz Finance III B.V. which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the solvency of 
Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
MATERIAL CHANGES IN THE ISSUER'S BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
There have been no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year. 
Business Overview 
The principal activity of Allianz Finance III B.V. is to issue bonds on behalf of and under a guarantee by its parent company, Allianz SE. Cash 
collected through a bond issue is loaned in full to Allianz SE or, if agreed so, to another entity within the Allianz Group. 
Organizational Structure 
Allianz Finance III B.V. is wholly-owned by Allianz SE and acts as a financing entity within the Allianz Group. As such, it is not dependent on any 
other entity within the Group. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus Allianz Finance III B.V. does not have any subsidiaries and does not carry out any operational activity. 
Trend Information 
MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN THE PROSPECTS 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial performance of Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer has both a supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board") and a board of managing directors (the "Management Board"). 
DESCRIPTION OF ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
The members of the Management Board of Allianz Finance III B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other
duties 
J.C.M. Zarnitz 
Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V.
C. Bunschoten 
Director 
Director, Allianz Europe B.V. 
Member of the Management Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance III B.V. are: 
Name 
Function in the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer and or other
duties
J.M. Eriksson 
Chairman 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V. 
A. Wiechert 
Member 
Corporate Finance, Allianz SE, Munich 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Fi-
nance II B.V.
The Supervisory Board of the Allianz Finance III B.V. has not established any committees. 
The business address of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Keizersgracht 484, NL-1017 EH Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
There are no conflicts of interests between the private interests and/or other duties of the members of the Management Board and the Supervi-
sory Board and their respective duties vis-à-vis the Issuer. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2020, Allianz SE directly held 100% of the issued ordinary shares of Allianz Finance III B.V. 
Financial Information 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial information covering the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 respectively and the au-
ditor’s report in respect of each year are incorporated by reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitrational proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer or any of its assets during the preceding 12 months, which may have or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Allianz Group's financial position or profitability or which might be material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL POSITION 
There has been no significant change with regard to the financial position of Allianz Finance III B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
Additional Information 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the issued and fully paid in share capital of Allianz Finance III B.V. amounts to EUR 2,000,000 consisting of 
2,000 registered shares with a nominal value of EUR 1,000 each. Each share carries one vote. There is no authorized share capital.  
The Articles of Association of Allianz Finance III B.V. are registered under number 34237528 in the Commercial Register of Amsterdam. The cor-
porate objects of Allianz Finance III B.V., as stipulated in Article 3 of its Articles of Association, are to carry out financial business of all types, in 
particular the lending and borrowing of funds, including the issue of bonds, and participation in companies and enterprises.

--- Page 159 ---
159
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary course of its business, which could result in the Issuer being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders under the Notes.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
The German text of the Guarantee is legally binding. The English translation is for convenience only. 
Garantie 
Guarantee 
der Allianz SE, München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zugunsten der 
Gläubiger der durch die Allianz Finance II B.V., Amsterdam, Nieder-
lande, unter dem Euro 30.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der 
Allianz SE, München, der Allianz Finance II B.V., Amsterdam, Nieder-
lande und der Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, Niederlande (das 
"Programm"), begebenen nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen
of Allianz SE, Munich, Federal Republic of Germany, in favor of the 
holders of unsubordinated Notes issued by Allianz Finance II B.V., Am-
sterdam, the Netherlands, under the Euro 30,000,000,000 Debt Issu-
ance Programme of Allianz SE, Munich, Allianz Finance II B.V., Amster-
dam, The Netherlands, and Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands (the "Programme")
1
1
1.1 
Die Allianz SE (die "Garantin") übernimmt hiermit gegenüber 
den jeweiligen Inhabern (die "Anleihegläubiger") von nicht 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die jetzt oder später 
von der Allianz Finance II B.V., Amsterdam, Niederlande, als 
Emittentin (die "Emittentin") unter dem Programm begeben 
werden (die "Schuldverschreibungen"), die unbedingte und 
unwiderrufliche Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungs-
gemäße Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen in der oder den maßgeblichen festgelegten 
Währungen sowie aller sonstigen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen fällig werdenden Beträge nach Maßgabe der Anlei-
hebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Bedin-
gungen"), vorausgesetzt in den Bedingungen wird auf diese 
Garantie, wie unten datiert, Bezug genommen. Zahlungen 
im Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie erfolgen ausschließ-
lich gemäß den Bedingungen. Bei Erfüllung von Verpflich-
tungen der Emittentin oder der Garantin zugunsten eines An-
leihegläubigers erlischt das betreffende garantierte Recht 
dieses Anleihegläubigers aus den Schuldverschreibungen.
1.1 
Allianz SE (the "Guarantor") hereby unconditionally and ir-
revocably guarantees (the "Guarantee") to the holders (the 
"Noteholders") of any unsubordinated Notes (the "Notes") 
now or at any time hereafter issued by Allianz Finance II B.V., 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, as issuer under the Pro-
gramme (the "Issuer") the due payment in the relevant spec-
ified currency(ies) of the amounts corresponding to the prin-
cipal of and interest on, as well as any other amounts due on, 
the Notes in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the "Conditions"), provided that reference is made in 
the Conditions to this Guarantee as dated below. Payments 
under this Guarantee are subject to (without limitation) the 
Conditions. Upon discharge of any obligations of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor subsisting hereunder in favor of any Note-
holder, the relevant guaranteed right of such Noteholder un-
der the Notes shall cease to exist. 
1.2 
Sinn und Zweck dieser Garantie ist es, sicherzustellen, dass 
die Anleihegläubiger unter allen tatsächlichen und rechtli-
chen Umständen und unabhängig von Wirksamkeit und 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der Emittentin und un-
abhängig von sonstigen Gründen, aufgrund derer die Emit-
tentin ihre Verpflichtungen nicht erfüllt, alle zahlbaren Be-
träge fristgerecht in Übereinstimmung mit den Bedingungen 
erhalten.
1.2 
The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to ensure that the 
Noteholders under any and all circumstances, whether fac-
tual or legal, and irrespective of validity or enforceability of 
the obligations of the Issuer, or any other reasons on the basis 
of which the Issuer may fail to fulfil its obligations, receive on 
the respective due date any and all sums payable in accord-
ance with the Conditions. 
1.3 
Die Garantin kann etwaige von den Anleihegläubigern in-
nerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach Fälligkeit nicht geforderte 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen sowie etwaige sonstige auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen fällige Beträge bei dem Amtsge-
richt in Frankfurt am Main hinterlegen. Soweit die Garantin 
auf das Recht zur Rücknahme der hinterlegten Beträge ver-
zichtet, erlöschen die betreffenden Ansprüche der Anleihe-
gläubiger gegen die Emittentin und die Garantin. 
1.3 
The Guarantor may deposit with the Lower Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main any principal and inter-
est as well as any other amounts due on the Notes, if any, not 
claimed by the Noteholders within twelve months after hav-
ing become due. If the Guarantor waives all rights to with-
draw such deposits the respective claims of Noteholders 
against the Issuer and the Guarantor shall cease. 
1.4 
Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin aus dieser Garantie sind 
mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin gleichrangig, soweit zwin-
gende gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschrei-
ben.
1.4 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee rank 
pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated ob-
ligations of the Guarantor, save for any obligations required 
to be preferred by law. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH
RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE II B.V.

--- Page 161 ---
161
1.5
Negativerklärung der Garantin
1.5
Negative Pledge of the Guarantor
(i) 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich hiermit gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, solange Schuldverschrei-
bungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeit-
punkt, an dem alle nach den Bedingungen zahl-
baren Beträge an das Clearingsystem gezahlt 
worden sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien 
und sonstiger Gewährleistungen, keine Sicherhei-
ten an ihrem inländischen Grundvermögen zu be-
stellen, ohne die Schuldverschreibungen zur glei-
chen Zeit oder vorher und mit gleichem Rang zu 
sichern.
(i) 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes towards the 
Noteholders, for as long as any Notes shall remain 
outstanding, but only up to the time at which all 
amounts payable under the Conditions have been 
paid to the Clearing System, not to provide any se-
curity on its domestic real property for any Capital 
Market Indebtedness, including any guarantees or 
other indemnities assumed in respect thereof, with-
out at the same time or prior thereto securing the 
Notes equally and rateably therewith. 
(ii) 
Die Verpflichtung nach Ziffer 1.5(i) besteht jedoch 
nicht für solche Sicherheiten, (x) die gesetzlich vor-
geschrieben sind, oder (y) die im Zusammenhang 
mit staatlichen Genehmigungen verlangt werden. 
Eine nach Ziffer 1.5(i) zu leistende Sicherheit kann 
auch für einen Treuhänder der Anleihegläubiger 
bestellt werden.
(ii) 
The undertaking pursuant to Clause 1.5(i) shall not 
apply to a security (x) which is mandatory accord-
ing to applicable laws, or (y) which is required as a 
prerequisite for governmental approvals. Any se-
curity which is to be provided pursuant to Clause 
1.5(i) may also be provided to a person acting as 
trustee for the Noteholders.
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bedeutet hierbei jede ge-
genwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlichkeit der Garantin o-
der eines Dritten in der Form von Schuldverschreibungen o-
der ähnlichen Instrumenten mit einer ursprünglichen Lauf-
zeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die üblicherweise an einer 
Börse oder einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehandelt wer-
den können. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any indebtedness, 
present or future, of the Guarantor or any third party in the 
form of Notes or any similar instruments with an original ma-
turity of more than one year, which can ordinarily be traded 
on any stock exchange or other securities market. 
1.6 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung der Emittentin durch eine Tochterge-
sellschaft der Garantin gemäß § 10 der Bedingungen er-
streckt sich diese Garantie auf sämtliche von der Neuen Emit-
tentin gemäß den Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge. Dies gilt 
auch dann, wenn die Allianz Finance II B.V. die Verpflichtun-
gen aus den Schuldverschreibungen unmittelbar von der 
Garantin übernommen hat.
1.6 
In the event of a substitution of the Issuer by a subsidiary of 
the Guarantor pursuant to § 10 of the Conditions, this Guar-
antee shall extend to any and all amounts payable by the 
New Issuer pursuant to the Conditions. The foregoing shall 
also apply if Allianz Finance II B.V. shall have assumed the 
obligations arising under the Notes directly from the Guaran-
tor.
2 
Die Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der jeweiligen 
Anleihegläubiger als begünstigte Dritte gemäß § 328 Absatz 
1 BGB dar, die jedem Anleihegläubiger das Recht gibt, Erfül-
lung der hierin übernommenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar 
von der Garantin zu verlangen und diese Verpflichtungen 
unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen. 
2 
This Guarantee constitutes a contract in favor of the respec-
tive Noteholders as third party beneficiaries pursuant to 
§ 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
giving rise to the right of each such Noteholder to require 
performance of the obligations assumed hereby directly 
from the Guarantor and to enforce such obligations directly 
against the Guarantor.
3 
Ansprüche des Anleihegläubigers nach dieser Garantie ver-
jähren mit Ablauf von zwei Jahren nach dem jeweiligen Zah-
lungstag für Zinsen bzw. Rückzahlungstag gemäß den Be-
dingungen. 
3 
The period of limitation for any claim by a Noteholder under 
this Guarantee shall be two years calculated from the rele-
vant Interest Payment Date and the relevant redemption 
date pursuant to the Conditions. 
4
4
4.1 
Diese Garantie unterliegt ausschließlich dem Recht der Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland.
4.1 
This Guarantee shall be governed exclusively by the laws of 
the Federal Republic of Germany.
4.2 
Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus in dieser Ga-
rantie geregelten Rechtsverhältnissen ergebenden Rechts-
streitigkeiten mit der Garantin ist Frankfurt am Main.
4.2 
Exclusive court of venue for all litigation with the Guarantor 
arising from the legal relations established under this Guar-
antee is Frankfurt am Main.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
4.3 
Die Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet werden und in 
den Bedingungen definiert sind, haben die gleiche Bedeu-
tung in dieser Garantie wie in den Bedingungen, soweit sie in 
dieser Garantie nicht anderweitig definiert sind.
4.3 
Terms used in this Guarantee and defined in the Conditions 
shall have the same meaning in this Guarantee as in the Con-
ditions unless they are otherwise defined in this Guarantee. 
5 
Die in § 14 der Bedingungen aufgeführten auf die Änderung 
der Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß für Änderungen der Be-
dingungen dieser Garantie Anwendung.
5 
The provisions of § 14 of the Conditions applicable to the 
amendment of the Conditions of the Notes shall apply mu-
tatis mutandis to amendments of the terms of this Guaran-
tee.
6 
Die Garantin und die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft ver-
einbaren, dass die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft nicht 
als Treuhänderin oder in ähnlicher Eigenschaft für die Anlei-
hegläubiger handelt. Die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
verpflichtet sich, das Original dieser Garantie bis zur Erfül-
lung aller Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
und dieser Garantie in Verwahrung zu halten. 
6 
The Guarantor and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft agree 
that Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is not acting as trus-
tee or in a similar capacity for the Noteholders. Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft undertakes to hold the original copy 
of this Guarantee in custody until all obligations under the 
Notes and the Guarantee have been fulfilled. 
7 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger kann in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Garantin und in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem er und die Garan-
tin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus dieser Garantie auf der 
Grundlage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten Person 
des Fiscal Agent als Kopie dieser Garantie bescheinigte Ko-
pie der Garantie ohne Vorlage des Originals im eigenen Na-
men wahrnehmen und durchsetzen.
7 
On the basis of a copy of this Guarantee certified as being a 
true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Fiscal Agent, 
each Noteholder may protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under this Guarantee in any legal proceed-
ings against the Guarantor or to which such Noteholder and 
the Guarantor are parties, without the need for production of 
this Guarantee in such proceedings.
8 
Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Über-
setzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.
8 
This Guarantee is written in the German language and pro-
vided with an English language translation. The German text 
shall be controlling and binding. The English language trans-
lation is provided for convenience only.
München, den 14. April 2021 
Munich, 14 April 2021 
Allianz SE
Wir nehmen die obenstehenden Erklärungen zugunsten der Anleihe-
gläubiger ohne Obligo, Haftung oder Rückgriffsrechte auf uns an.
We hereby accept all of the above declarations in favor of the Note-
holders without recourse, warranty or liability on us.
Frankfurt am Main, den 14. April 2021
Frankfurt am Main, 14 April 2021
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 163 ---
163
The German text of the Guarantee is legally binding. The English translation is for convenience only. 
Garantie 
Guarantee 
der Allianz SE, München, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zugunsten 
der Gläubiger der durch die Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, Nie-
derlande, unter dem Euro 30.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Pro-
gramme der Allianz SE, München, der Allianz Finance II B.V., Amster-
dam, Niederlande und der Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, Nie-
derlande (das "Programm"), begebenen nicht nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen
of Allianz SE, Munich, Federal Republic of Germany, in favor of the 
holders of unsubordinated Notes issued by Allianz Finance III B.V., 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under the Euro 30,000,000,000 Debt Is-
suance Programme of Allianz SE, Munich, Allianz Finance II B.V., Am-
sterdam, The Netherlands, and Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands (the "Programme") 
1
1
1.1 
Die Allianz SE (die "Garantin") übernimmt hiermit gegen-
über den jeweiligen Inhabern (die "Anleihegläubiger") 
von nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die jetzt 
oder später von der Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam, 
Niederlande, als Emittentin (die "Emittentin") unter dem 
Programm begeben werden (die "Schuldverschreibun-
gen"), die unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die 
"Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße Zahlung von Kapital 
und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der oder den 
maßgeblichen festgelegten Währungen sowie aller sonsti-
gen auf die Schuldverschreibungen fällig werdenden Be-
träge nach Maßgabe der Anleihebedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Bedingungen"), vorausge-
setzt in den Bedingungen wird auf diese Garantie, wie un-
ten datiert, Bezug genommen. Zahlungen im Zusammen-
hang mit dieser Garantie erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß 
den Bedingungen. Bei Erfüllung von Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin zugunsten eines Anlei-
hegläubigers erlischt das betreffende garantierte Recht 
dieses Anleihegläubigers aus den Schuldverschreibungen.
1.1 
Allianz SE (the "Guarantor") hereby unconditionally and ir-
revocably guarantees (the "Guarantee") to the holders 
(the "Noteholders") of any unsubordinated Notes (the 
"Notes") now or at any time hereafter issued by Allianz Fi-
nance III B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands, as issuer under 
the Programme (the "Issuer") the due payment in the rele-
vant specified currency(ies) of the amounts corresponding 
to the principal of and interest on, as well as any other 
amounts due on, the Notes in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions"), provided 
that reference is made in the Conditions to this Guarantee 
as dated below. Payments under this Guarantee are sub-
ject to (without limitation) the Conditions. Upon discharge 
of any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor subsisting 
hereunder in favor of any Noteholder, the relevant guaran-
teed right of such Noteholder under the Notes shall cease 
to exist. 
1.2 
Sinn und Zweck dieser Garantie ist es, sicherzustellen, dass 
die Anleihegläubiger unter allen tatsächlichen und rechtli-
chen Umständen und unabhängig von Wirksamkeit und 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der Emittentin und 
unabhängig von sonstigen Gründen, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin ihre Verpflichtungen nicht erfüllt, alle zahlbaren 
Beträge fristgerecht in Übereinstimmung mit den Bedin-
gungen erhalten. 
1.2 
The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to ensure that 
the Noteholders under any and all circumstances, whether 
factual or legal, and irrespective of validity or enforceabil-
ity of the obligations of the Issuer, or any other reasons on 
the basis of which the Issuer may fail to fulfil its obligations, 
receive on the respective due date any and all sums paya-
ble in accordance with the Conditions. 
1.3 
Die Garantin kann etwaige von den Anleihegläubigern in-
nerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach Fälligkeit nicht gefor-
derte Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen sowie etwaige sons-
tige auf die Schuldverschreibungen fällige Beträge bei 
dem Amtsgericht in Frankfurt am Main hinterlegen. Soweit 
die Garantin auf das Recht zur Rücknahme der hinterleg-
ten Beträge verzichtet, erlöschen die betreffenden Ansprü-
che der Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emittentin und die Ga-
rantin.
1.3 
The Guarantor may deposit with the Lower Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main any principal and inter-
est as well as any other amounts due on the Notes, if any, 
not claimed by the Noteholders within twelve months after 
having become due. If the Guarantor waives all rights to 
withdraw such deposits the respective claims of Notehold-
ers against the Issuer and the Guarantor shall cease. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEE WITH
RESPECT TO ALLIANZ FINANCE III B.V.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
1.4 
Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin aus dieser Garantie 
sind mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nach-
rangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin gleichrangig, so-
weit zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen nichts anderes 
vorschreiben.
1.4 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee 
rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordi-
nated obligations of the Guarantor, save for any obliga-
tions required to be preferred by law. 
1.5
Negativerklärung der Garantin
1.5
Negative Pledge of the Guarantor
(i) 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich hiermit gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, solange Schuldver-
schreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle nach den Bedingungen 
zahlbaren Beträge an das Clearingsystem ge-
zahlt worden sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keiten, einschließlich dafür übernommener Ga-
rantien und sonstiger Gewährleistungen, keine 
Sicherheiten an ihrem inländischen Grundver-
mögen zu bestellen, ohne die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zur gleichen Zeit oder vorher und mit 
gleichem Rang zu sichern.
(i) 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes towards the 
Noteholders, for as long as any Notes shall re-
main outstanding, but only up to the time at 
which all amounts payable under the Conditions 
have been paid to the Clearing System, not to 
provide any security on its domestic real property 
for any Capital Market Indebtedness, including 
any guarantees or other indemnities assumed in 
respect thereof, without at the same time or prior 
thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith. 
(ii) 
Die Verpflichtung nach Ziffer 1.5(i) besteht je-
doch nicht für solche Sicherheiten, (x) die gesetz-
lich vorgeschrieben sind, oder (y) die im Zusam-
menhang mit staatlichen Genehmigungen ver-
langt werden. Eine nach Ziffer 1.5(i) zu leistende 
Sicherheit kann auch für einen Treuhänder der 
Anleihegläubiger bestellt werden.
(ii) 
The undertaking pursuant to Clause 1.5(i) shall 
not apply to a security (x) which is mandatory ac-
cording to applicable laws, or (y) which is re-
quired as a prerequisite for governmental ap-
provals. Any security which is to be provided pur-
suant to Clause 1.5(i) may also be provided to a 
person acting as trustee for the Noteholders.s
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" bedeutet hierbei jede 
gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Verbindlichkeit der Garan-
tin oder eines Dritten in der Form von Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder ähnlichen Instrumenten mit einer ursprünglichen 
Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die üblicherweise an ei-
ner Börse oder einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt gehan-
delt werden können.
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any indebtedness, 
present or future, of the Guarantor or any third party in the 
form of Notes or any similar instruments with an original 
maturity of more than one year, which can ordinarily be 
traded on any stock exchange or other securities market. 
1.6 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung der Emittentin durch eine Tochter-
gesellschaft der Garantin gemäß § 10 der Bedingungen 
erstreckt sich diese Garantie auf sämtliche von der Neuen 
Emittentin gemäß den Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Dies gilt auch dann, wenn die Allianz Finance III B.V. die 
Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen unmittel-
bar von der Garantin übernommen hat. 
1.6 
In the event of a substitution of the Issuer by a subsidiary of 
the Guarantor pursuant to § 10 of the Conditions, this Guar-
antee shall extend to any and all amounts payable by the 
New Issuer pursuant to the Conditions. The foregoing shall 
also apply if Allianz Finance III B.V. shall have assumed the 
obligations arising under the Notes directly from the Guar-
antor. 
2 
Die Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der jeweiligen 
Anleihegläubiger als begünstigte Dritte gemäß § 328 Ab-
satz 1 BGB dar, die jedem Anleihegläubiger das Recht gibt, 
Erfüllung der hierin übernommenen Verpflichtungen un-
mittelbar von der Garantin zu verlangen und diese Ver-
pflichtungen unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzuset-
zen.
2 
This Guarantee constitutes a contract in favor of the re-
spective Noteholders as third party beneficiaries pursuant 
to § 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Ge-
setzbuch) giving rise to the right of each such Noteholder 
to require performance of the obligations assumed hereby 
directly from the Guarantor and to enforce such obliga-
tions directly against the Guarantor.
3 
Ansprüche des Anleihegläubigers nach dieser Garantie 
verjähren mit Ablauf von zwei Jahren nach dem jeweiligen 
Zahlungstag für Zinsen bzw. Rückzahlungstag gemäß den 
Bedingungen.
3 
The period of limitation for any claim by a Noteholder un-
der this Guarantee shall be two years calculated from the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and the relevant redemp-
tion date pursuant to the Conditions.
4
4
4.1 
Diese Garantie unterliegt ausschließlich dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.
4.1 
This Guarantee shall be governed exclusively by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 165 ---
165
4.2 
Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus in dieser 
Garantie geregelten Rechtsverhältnissen ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der Garantin ist Frankfurt am 
Main.
4.2 
Exclusive court of venue for all litigation with the Guaran-
tor arising from the legal relations established under this 
Guarantee is Frankfurt am Main. 
4.3 
Die Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet werden und 
in den Bedingungen definiert sind, haben die gleiche Be-
deutung in dieser Garantie wie in den Bedingungen, soweit 
sie in dieser Garantie nicht anderweitig definiert sind.
4.3 
Terms used in this Guarantee and defined in the Conditions 
shall have the same meaning in this Guarantee as in the 
Conditions unless they are otherwise defined in this Guar-
antee.
5 
Die in § 14 der Bedingungen aufgeführten auf die Ände-
rung der Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß für Ände-
rungen der Bedingungen dieser Garantie Anwendung.
5 
The provisions of § 14 of the Conditions applicable to the 
amendment of the Conditions of the Notes shall apply mu-
tatis mutandis to amendments of the terms of this Guaran-
tee.
6 
Die Garantin und die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
vereinbaren, dass die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
nicht als Treuhänderin oder in ähnlicher Eigenschaft für die 
Anleihegläubiger handelt. Die Deutsche Bank Aktienge-
sellschaft verpflichtet sich, das Original dieser Garantie bis 
zur Erfüllung aller Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen und dieser Garantie in Verwahrung zu hal-
ten.
6 
The Guarantor and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
agree that Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is not acting 
as trustee or in a similar capacity for the Noteholders. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft undertakes to hold the 
original copy of this Guarantee in custody until all obliga-
tions under the Notes and the Guarantee have been ful-
filled. 
7 
Jeder Anleihegläubiger kann in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen 
die Garantin und in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem er und die 
Garantin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus dieser Garantie auf 
der Grundlage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten 
Person des Fiscal Agent als Kopie dieser Garantie beschei-
nigte Kopie der Garantie ohne Vorlage des Originals im ei-
genen Namen wahrnehmen und durchsetzen. 
7 
On the basis of a copy of this Guarantee certified as being 
a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Fiscal Agent, 
each Noteholder may protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under this Guarantee in any legal pro-
ceedings against the Guarantor or to which such Note-
holder and the Guarantor are parties, without the need for 
production of this Guarantee in such proceedings. 
8 
Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Überset-
zung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.
8 
This Guarantee is written in the German language and pro-
vided with an English language translation. The German 
text shall be controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.
München, den 14. April 2021
Munich, 14 April 2021
Allianz SE
Wir nehmen die obenstehenden Erklärungen zugunsten der Anleihe-
gläubiger ohne Obligo, Haftung oder Rückgriffsrechte auf uns an.
We hereby accept all of the above declarations in favor of the Note-
holders without recourse, warranty or liability on us.
Frankfurt am Main, den 14. April 2021
Frankfurt am Main, 14 April 2021
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issuance of Notes under the Programme will be used for general 
corporate purposes of the Allianz Group. 
USE OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 167 ---
167
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuers' country of incorporation may have an impact on 
the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership 
and disposition of the Notes. 
TAXATION WARNING

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Underwriting 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Programme Agreement relating to the Programme dated 14 April 2021 (the "Programme 
Agreement") between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered by the Issuers to the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuers through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuers, or directly without any Dealer. The Programme Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. Each of the Issuers 
and the Guarantor have agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the establishment of the Pro-
gramme and for certain of its activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms if required. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances 
prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer.  
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
GENERAL 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regula-
tion or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer appointed will be required to represent and agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense, and neither any Issuer, the Guarantor, nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefore. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (THE "UNITED STATES") 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche and the Guarantee (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the relevant Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes 
issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes and the Guarantee during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and the Guarantee within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE

--- Page 169 ---
169
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes and the Guarantee within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not of-
fered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering con-
templated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State ("Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means the commu-
nication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND ("UNITED KINGDOM") 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has repre-
sented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or

--- Page 170 ---
170 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a pro-
fessional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the 
FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance 
with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
OTHER REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or 
inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes 
in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
THE NETHERLANDS 
Pursuant to the Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the "Savings Certificates Act") of 21 May 1985, any direct or 
indirect transfer or acceptance of Notes which falls within the definition of savings certificates (spaarbewijzen) in the Savings Certificates Act 
within, from or into the Netherlands is prohibited unless the transfer and acceptance is done through the mediation of either the Issuer or a 
member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the Savings Certificates Act and its implementing regulations 
(which include registration requirements). The aforesaid prohibition does not apply to (i) a transfer and acceptance by natural persons not acting 
in the course of their business of profession, (ii) the issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if 
they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately 
thereafter. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation. Accordingly, each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 171 ---
171
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in Italy means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes, including the placement through authorized intermediaries. 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Note or distribute copies of this Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Italian Financial Act"), as implemented by Article 35 paragraph 1, letter (d) of CONSOB regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018, as amended ("Regulation No. 20307"), pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter (b), of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act and its 
implementing CONSOB regulations including Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction under (a) and (b) above and: 
(i) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act") and any other applicable laws or regulation;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other 
Italian authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in 
compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, 
the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized 
under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Ex-
change Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
HONG KONG 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under that 
Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Wind-
ing Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and  
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, 
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
SINGAPORE 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered 
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Con-
tracts) Regulations 2018. 
SWITZERLAND 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not 
be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or 
will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA or pursuant to the 
Swiss Code of Obligations (as in effect immediately prior to the entry into force of the FinSA) or pursuant to the listing rules of SIX Exchange 
Regulation or any other trading venue in Switzerland, and neither this Base Prospectus any amendments, supplements, Final Terms hereto nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 173 ---
173
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Each Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, that if at any time during the duration 
of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the relevant Issuer and the Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of Notes. 
If at any time the Issuers shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers 
will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in the Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which would make the Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
AUTHORIZATION 
The establishment of the Programme was authorized by (aa) a resolution of the Board of Management of Allianz Finance II B.V. passed on 4 
March 2021 and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance II B.V. passed on 4 March 2021, (bb) a resolution of the Board of Man-
agement of Allianz Finance III B.V. passed on 4 March 2021 and a resolution of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Finance III B.V. passed on 4 
March 2021 and (cc) a resolution of the Board of Management of Allianz SE passed on 26 March 2020. The Guarantees relating to the Pro-
gramme by the Guarantor were authorized by a resolution of the Board of Management of Allianz SE passed on 26 March 2020. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of the relevant Issuer regarding the issuance of a series of Notes are set out in 
each set of Final Terms. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euro-
clear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany ("Clearstream, Frankfurt"). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations may be (i) deposited with either Clear-
stream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international bearer debt securities and will be kept in 
safe custody with a common safekeeper ("CSK") to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the International Central Securities Depositories 
(the "ICSDs"). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Allianz SE is 529900K9B0N5BT694847, of Allianz Finance II B.V. is 529900C9NVPTCPDI1D65 and of Allianz 
Finance III B.V. is 5299000TG8YATYNK8P87. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The relevant Issuer may consent, to the extent and under the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Base 
Prospectus for a certain period of time or as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by any 
financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus, if any.  
Such consent may be given to one or more (individual consent) specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in the 
Final Terms. Specified Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries may use the prospectus for subsequent resale or final placement 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and into any other country, into which the Base Prospectus will be passported in accordance with the respec-
tive legal requirements and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
GENERAL INFORMATION

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Such consent by the relevant Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the Terms and Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, 
if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this 
Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers 
reserve the right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. A 
withdrawal, if any, may require a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together 
with all supplements published before such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("www.bourse.lu"). 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it complies with all applica-
ble laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions.  
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the further financial interme-
diary, shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any new information with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of 
the Final Terms will be published on the internet page www.allianz.com/en/investor_relations. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For so long as any Notes may be issued under this Programme or any Notes issued under this Programme are outstanding, electronic versions of 
the following documents are available on the following websites: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus (available at "https://www.bourse.lu"); 
(ii) 
the articles of incorporation of Allianz SE (accessed by using the hyperlink: 
"http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/108774dd1de2844fb9b017b17766460118"); 
(iii) 
the articles of incorporation of Allianz Finance II B.V. (accessed by using the hyperlink: 
"http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10c9d666f33ca845efb7117ecff504a3bb"); 
(iv) 
the articles of incorporation of Allianz Finance III B.V. (accessed by using the hyperlink: 
"http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1080e659c9b32144b69e14388edd60021d"); 
(v) 
the Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. is reproduced verbatim in the section "Description of the Guarantee with Respect 
to Allianz Finance II B.V." above; 
(vi) 
the Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V. is reproduced verbatim in the section "Description of the Guarantee with Respect 
to Allianz Finance III B.V." above; and 
(vii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("www.bourse.lu"). 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant to § 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) each Issuer confirms that any such information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as each Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, 
no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuers 
nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither the Issuers nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof.

--- Page 175 ---
175
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of such 
documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(i) 
Extracted from: Allianz Group – Annual Report 2020 
Consolidated Balance Sheet
page 104
Consolidated Income Statement
page 105
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
page 106
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
page 107
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
pages 108 - 110
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
pages 111 - 180 
General information
pages 111 - 132
Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet
pages 133 - 149
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement
pages 150 - 154
Other Information
pages 155 - 170
List of participations of the Allianz Group as of 31 December 2020  
according to § 313(2) HGB 
 
pages 171 - 180 
Independent Auditor's Report
pages 183 - 186
 
(ii) 
Extracted from: Allianz Group – Annual Report 2019 
Consolidated Balance Sheet
page 94
Consolidated Income Statement
page 95
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
page 96 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
page 97
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
pages 98 - 100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
pages 101 - 168
General information
pages 101 - 120
Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet
pages 121 - 137
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement
pages 138 - 142
Other Information
pages 143 - 158
List of participations of the Allianz Group as of 31 December 2019  
according to § 313(2) HGB
pages 159 - 168
Independent Auditor's Report
pages 171 - 174
 
(iii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE – Annual Report 2020 
Balance Sheet
pages 66 - 67
Income Statement
page 68
Notes to the Financial Statements
pages 69 - 88
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 176 ---
176 
List of participations of Allianz SE, Munich as of 31 December 2020  
according to § 285 No. 11 and 11b HGB in conjunction with § 286 (3) No. 1 HGB
pages 89 - 96
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 99 - 102 
 
(iv) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE – Annual Report 2019 
Balance Sheet
pages 60 - 61
Income Statement
page 62
Notes to the Financial Statements
pages 63 - 82
List of participations of Allianz SE, Munich as of 31 December 2019  
according to § 285 No. 11 and 11b HGB in conjunction with § 286 (3) No. 1 HGB
pages 83 - 89
Independent Auditor's Report
pages 93 - 96
 
(v) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2020 
Statement of financial position
Page 8
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
page 9 
Statement of changes in equity
page 10
Statement of cash flows
page 11
Notes to the financial statements
pages 12 - 32
Auditor's Report
pages 33 - 42
 
(vi) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2019 
Statement of financial position
page 8
Statement of comprehensive income
page 9
Statement of changes in equity
page 10
Statement of cash flows
page 11
Notes to the financial statements
pages 12 - 32
Auditor's Report 
 
pages 33 - 41 
 
(vii) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2020 
Statement of financial position
page 7
Statement of comprehensive income
page 8
Statement of changes in equity
page 9
Statement of cash flows
page 10
Notes to the financial statements
pages 11 - 25
Auditor's Report
pages 26 - 30
 
(viii) 
Extracted from: Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2019 
Statement of financial position
page 7
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
page 8

--- Page 177 ---
177
Statement of changes in equity
page 9
Statement of cash flows
page 10
Notes to the financial statements 
 
pages 11 - 25 
Auditor's Report
pages 26 - 34
(ix) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2020 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 22 - 108
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V.
pages 159 - 161
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V.
pages 162 - 164
(x) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2019 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 45 - 121
(xi) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2018 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 42 - 108
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V.
pages 109 - 111
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V.
pages 112 - 114
(xii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2017 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 40 - 106
(xiii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2016 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 38 - 104
(xiv) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2015 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 37 - 98
First Supplement dated 24 August 2015 to the Base Prospectus 2015  
pages 1 - 20 
Second Supplement dated 19 November 2015 to the Base Prospectus 2015
pages 1 - 24
(xv) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2014 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 37 - 93
(xvi) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2013 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 40 - 96
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V. 
pages 97 - 99 
Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V.
pages 100 - 102
(xvii) 
Extracted from: Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2012 
Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes
pages 47 - 112
Senior Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance II B.V.
pages 113 - 116
Senior Guarantee with respect to Allianz Finance III B.V.
pages 117 - 120
First Supplement dated 9 August 2012 to the Base Prospectus 2012
pages 1 - 30
Third Supplement dated 4 March 2013 to the Base Prospectus 2012
pages 1 - 38
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered office of the 
Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("www.bourse.lu"). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
("https://www.bourse.lu") and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Allianz Group – Annual Report 2020:

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1077c73dbe55d540f3a2e66253c78d64e1 
2. 
Allianz Group – Annual Report 2019: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10c56c6f896a234ffca31723f8c33cbde3 
3. 
Allianz SE – Annual Report 2020: 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10345ddb99a52a4e7a8d16f4e39907b2f7 
4. 
Allianz SE – Annual Report 2019: 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10a4b593b45d764184ac118dd010c5ffaa 
5. 
Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2020: 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10982450c87fd54e2989de3ee25d675635 
6. 
Allianz Finance II B.V. – Financial Statements 2019: 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10fb9f7ba8a36f4904b8109adf864e43dc 
7. 
Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2020: 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1003f70a4c8c9b422dbb0c084a0ede5352 
8. 
Allianz Finance III B.V. – Financial Statements 2019: 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1027ef687336b248bb930a2e72420f6cef 
9. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2020 
 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10df4b7c05751d42e0979732762e6e410c 
10. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2019 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103657885317cc42fc98346a1b2b142591 
11. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2018 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10eaab7af203834e76ad169d60b8f2bea0 
12. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2017 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1006222b242f97462ab2fa1991a9cb73c4 
13. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2016 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10c9718a77d25643be922ff50273f8abd1 
14. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2015 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f4f528552cae4a97bbc4061dba0e2493 
a. 
First Supplement dated 24 August 2015 to the Base Prospectus 2015 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10ca37871afa774f4e85c568c848eeae3c 
b. 
Second Supplement dated 19 November 2015 to the Base Prospectus 2015 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d0f3e250ea484d2eaf570f59a751193d 
15. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2014 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10ae7a6f07139b4cbfbf5c4109a7c6a0ee 
16. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2013 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/108a8979d5ffda40488628818fe050fdb8 
17. 
Allianz SE, Allianz Finance II B.V. and Allianz Finance III B.V. – Base Prospectus 2012 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10808f0a48fb354a54b772e41fb1549910 
a. 
First Supplement dated 9 August 2012 to the Base Prospectus 2012 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10613252fee7724ee495af9041802f0c66

--- Page 179 ---
179
b. 
Third Supplement dated 4 March 2013 to the Base Prospectus 2012 
 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100f3df62cee3c41d283b854f96d92a5e1

--- Page 180 ---
180 
ISSUERS
Allianz Finance II B.V. 
Keizersgracht 484 
1017 EH Amsterdam 
Netherlands
Allianz Finance III B.V. 
Keizersgracht 484 
1017 EH Amsterdam 
Netherlands
Allianz SE 
Königinstrasse 28 
80802 Munich 
Germany
 
GUARANTOR
Allianz SE 
Königinstrasse 28 
80802 Munich 
Germany
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
AUDITORS
To Allianz Finance II B.V. and to Allianz Finance III B.V.
To Allianz SE
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Fascinatio Boulevard 350 
3065 WB Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 8 
80636 Munich 
Germany
LEGAL ADVISORS
To Allianz Finance II B.V. and  
to Allianz Finance III B.V. as to Dutch law
To the Arranger as to German law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES