--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
ALPERIA S.p.A. 
(incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a joint stock company) 
€1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under its €1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Alperia S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or 
“Alperia” and, together with its subsidiaries, the “Alperia Group” or the “Group”) may from time to time issue notes 
(the “Notes”) denominated in any currency. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), subject to 
increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a 
“Dealer” and/or together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk 
Factors” beginning on page 16. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) and has been approved as such by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority in the Republic of Ireland for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to its Official List and trading on its regulated market. Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). The 
Programme also allows for the issue of Notes that are (i) listed or admitted to trading or quotation on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets or quotation systems or (ii) neither listed nor admitted to trading or quotation on any stock 
exchange or market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) and shall expire on 7 June 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer has been rated “BBB” (negative outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Fitch is established in the 
European Economic Area and registered as a credit rating agency under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, 
the “CRA Regulation”). As such Fitch is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arrangers  
IMI - INTESA SANPAOLO  
MEDIOBANCA 
Dealers 
BANCA AKROS S.p.A. -  
GRUPPO BANCO BPM 
BNP PARIBAS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
IMI - INTESA SANPAOLO  
MEDIOBANCA 
UNICREDIT 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 June 2023

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”), together with a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the “Final Terms”). The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. This Base Prospectus 
must be read and construed together with: (a) any information incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” below); (b) any supplements hereto; and (c) in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. See also “Drawdown Prospectus” below. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any Tranche of Notes are 
the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case 
may be. Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer, the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (as defined below) and, where the Tranche is admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other document or information provided by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any issue of Notes under the Programme. Accordingly, 
none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility or liability for this 
Base Prospectus or any such document or information or for the distribution of any of the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes constitutes or should be regarded as: (a) an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes; (b) the basis for any 
credit or other evaluation; or (c) a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other such information should purchase any Notes. Prior to 
making any investment decision, each investor should make its own independent investigation of the 
business, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Group and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, as well as of the rights attaching to 
the relevant Notes, and should reach its own view, based upon its own judgment and upon advice from 
such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as it has deemed necessary. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own circumstances based upon their own

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
judgment and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary 
prior to making any investment decision. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable document; 
• 
have access to, knowledge of and appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
his/her overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks related to investing in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;  
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; 
• 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic variables such as interest rates, as well as and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent: (a) the Notes are legal investments for it, (b) the Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing, and (c) other restrictions apply to the purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules. 
__________________________ 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  
In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, 
as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended 
(the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers (named in “General Description of the 
Programme” below) nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arrangers 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
For a description of certain other restrictions on the offering, sale and delivery of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, 
see the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” below. In particular, Notes have not been and will not

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons. In addition, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the European Economic Area 
(including the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan. 
__________________________ 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates, including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If any such reference rate constitutes a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not that benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the “EU 
Benchmarks Register”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered 
by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), which is included on the EU Benchmarks Register. 
Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration 
status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
CRA REGULATION – Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as any rating applicable to 
the Issuer or as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Final Terms relating to rated Notes will also 
disclose whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the EEA but is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating does not fall within one of the categories set out above. Any credit rating agency registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be entered on the list of registered credit rating agencies maintained by 
ESMA, 
which 
may 
be 
consulted 
on 
the 
following 
page 
on 
its 
website: 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. 
* 
* 
* 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them.  
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified:

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
(i) 
“affiliate” means, in relation to a person (the “first person”), another person that, either 
directly or indirectly (through one or more intermediate persons): (a) controls or is controlled 
by the first person; or (b) is under common control with the first person; 
(ii) 
references to “billions” are to thousands of millions; 
(iii) 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
(iv) 
references to the “Conditions” or the “Terms and Conditions” are to the terms and conditions 
relating to the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus in the section “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” and any reference to a numbered “Condition” is to the correspondingly numbered 
provision of the Conditions; 
(v) 
the “CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended;  
(vi) 
the “Dealers” means Banca Akros S.p.A., BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
and UniCredit Bank AG, together with any additional Dealer appointed by the Issuer under the 
Programme from time to time, either for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis; 
(vii) 
references to “€”, “EUR” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
(viii) 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
(ix) 
the “Group” or the “Alperia Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries;  
(x) 
“ICSDs” means Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear; 
(xi) 
references to “IFRS” are to International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the 
European Union;  
(xii) 
the “Issuer” or “Alperia” means Alperia S.p.A.;  
(xiii) 
references to a “Member State” are to a Member State of the European Economic Area;  
(xiv) 
references to a “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to 
be) purchased by one Dealer, be to such Dealer and, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) purchased by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue; and 
(xv) 
the “Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) 
statements identified by the use of terminology such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, 
“could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “future”, “help”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “project”, “shall”, “should”, 
“will”, “would” or the negative or other variations thereof as well as other statements regarding matters 
that are not historical fact. In addition, this Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements 
relating to the Alperia Group’s potential exposure to various types of market risks. These statements 
are based on the Issuer’s current expectations and projections about future events and involve 
substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained herein 
regarding the Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, projected revenues and costs or 
prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks 
and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. By their nature, forward-looking 
statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances 
that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements. Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated 
by or underlying forward-looking statements. In addition, all subsequent written or oral forward-
looking statements attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in 
their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this Base Prospectus including any 
document incorporated by reference herein. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update 
or revise any forward-looking statements, publicly or otherwise, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, 
investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual 
results or otherwise. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party source, the 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that 
the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information 
provided by such sources.  
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other 
industry data pertaining to the Alperia Group’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists, as 
the case may be, of estimates based on data reports compiled by professional organisations and 
analysts, on data from other external sources, on the Issuer’s knowledge of its sales and markets and 
on the Issuer’s internal data. In many cases, there is no readily available external information (whether 
from trade associations, government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-related analyses 
and estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates. There are a number of 
factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or 
implied by this information. While the Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the best of its knowledge, 
correctly reproduced market or other industry data or any other information from external sources, 
including third parties or industry or general publications, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have 
independently verified that data. The Issuer cannot assure investors of the accuracy and completeness 
of, and takes no responsibility for, such data other than the responsibility for the correct and accurate 
reproduction thereof. The information in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and no 
facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
However, information regarding the sectors and markets in which the Group operates, including those 
developed by the Issuer, may not be available for certain periods and, accordingly, such information 
may not be current as of the date of this Base Prospectus. All sources of such information have been 
identified where such information is used. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that the information relating to that 
Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be 
made available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a 
single document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Group and the 
relevant Notes. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless 
the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes which are categorised as “Green 
Bonds” whose net proceeds are intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section). In such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, 
or referred to, under the section of the Base Prospectus headed “Use of Proceeds” and/or the 
paragraph “Reasons for the offer and estimated net proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation 
such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also 
in light of their own circumstances.  
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds: 
• 
on 30 May 2023 the Issuer published a document entitled “Sustainable Finance: Green Financing 
Framework” (the “Green Financing Framework”); and  
• 
a second party consultant appointed by the Issuer, namely DNV Business Assurance Italy S.r.l. 
(“DNV”), has reviewed Alperia’s Green Financing Framework and issued a second-party opinion 
dated 23 May 2023 (the “Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion”). 
These documents are available on the Issuer’s website as follows:  
• 
Green Financing Framework: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/230526_GreenFinancingFramewor
k_final.pdf 
• 
Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion:  
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/DNV_Alperia%20SPO_final_26.05.
2023.pdf 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates or the second party consultant as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any framework, opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection 
with any such and/or the offering of “Green Bonds” issued under the Programme. Any such framework, 
opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and the information in such framework, 
opinion, report or certification will not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, 
or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for, and should not be relied upon in connection 
with making any investment decision with respect to, any Green Bonds issued under the Programme.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with 
any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes 
and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances. Any such framework, opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such framework, opinion, 
report or certification is only current as at the date that such framework, opinion, report or certification 
was initially issued. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes qualified as Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by 
the Issuer or any Dealer (including any of their respective affiliates and parent companies) that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
See also “Risk Factors – Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes –  Green Bonds”. 
USE OF WEBSITES 
Unless incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see “Information Incorporated by Reference” 
below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus makes reference does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 11 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 16 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .................................................................................................... 35 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE............................................................................................ 36 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................... 57 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......................................... 91 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................ 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE ALPERIA GROUP ............................................................................. 96 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................... 124 
REGULATION ............................................................................................................................................... 127 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................... 151 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 161 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 165

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as 
defined above) will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Alperia S.p.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement from time to time either in respect of one or more Tranches 
or in respect of the whole Programme 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time under the Programme will not exceed €1,500,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer 
Agreement). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue 
dates. Each Tranche will be issued on the terms set out herein under the 
Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, provided that they have a maturity of at 
least a year and a day.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, 
or premium over, par. The Issue Price will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” 
or “CGN”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Final Terms will specify whether or not 
the Notes are issued in the form of a New Global Note.  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules (as defined below) are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of 
an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note.  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, 
have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(1) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (in either case, as published by ISDA and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); 
(2) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
(3) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in 
relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or 
be constant for any Series. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark 
discontinuation: 
As set out in further detail in Condition 5 (Benchmark Replacement), on 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and subject to certain conditions, 
the Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint as soon as 
reasonably practicable, at the Issuer's own expense, an Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and 
any Benchmark Amendments. If the Issuer is unable to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may itself determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer.  
Issuer Call: 
Where the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer, the Final 
Terms will specify whether the right to redeem may be exercised 
(1) unconditionally on the dates and over such periods as may be 
specified in the Final Terms and/or (2) conditionally, once the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of a Series of Notes falls below a specified 
threshold (clean-up call). 
Investor Put: 
Where the Notes are redeemable at the option of Noteholders, the Final 
Terms will specify whether the right to redeem may be exercised 
(1) unconditionally on the dates and over such periods as may be

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
specified in the Final Terms and/or (2) conditionally, upon the 
occurrence of a Put Event. A Put Event will be deemed to occur if: (1) a 
Change of Control, a Concession Event or a Sale of Assets Event occurs; 
and (2) a Rating Event occurs. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by applicable laws and regulations and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Relevant Jurisdiction 
as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10(c) (Cross-default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding, save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by applicable law. 
Rating: 
Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, 
such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Application 
has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and to be listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may also be issued, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, on the basis that they will be (1) listed or admitted to trading or 
quotation, on other or further stock exchanges or markets or quotation 
systems or (2) neither listed nor admitted to trading or quotation on any 
stock exchange or market. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders, 
Noteholders’ Representative and Modifications) and the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders' Representative in respect of the Notes 
are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including, without 
limitation, the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required or applied in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Note. See “Subscription and 
Sale” below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.  
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D Rules”) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that the Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with TEFRA D Rules or TEFRA C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risks. Prospective investors should note that the factors described 
below are those which the Issuer believes, based on information currently available to it, to be the most 
material to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes 
and which may affect Alperia’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. In addition, factors that 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes are also described 
below. 
Some of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. However, there may be additional 
risks of which Alperia is not currently aware or that may not be considered significant risks by Alperia 
based on the information it currently has available or which it may not currently be able to anticipate, 
and any of these risks could also have a negative effect on the business, prospects, results of operations 
and/or financial position of the Issuer and the Group Alperia’s and therefore on Alperia’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. In addition, if any of the following risks, or any other risk not currently 
known, actually occurs, the trading price of the Notes could decline and Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer and those specific to the Notes are each presented in three 
categories, with the most material risk factor presented first in each category and the remaining risk 
factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either of the likelihood that any 
particular risk will materialise or of the magnitude of their potential impact on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Group. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated 
with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the Group, and the sectors in which 
they operate and  should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference, and reach their own views, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as they have 
deemed necessary prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, “Description of the Issuer and 
the Alperia Group” and “Regulation” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in 
this section. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risks under this heading are divided into the following categories:  
• 
Regulatory risks 
• 
Risks related to the business activities and industry of the Alperia Group; and 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation. 
1. 
Regulatory risks 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment. The constant and sometimes unpredictable 
evolution in the legislative and regulatory context for the electricity and natural gas sectors poses a 
risk to the Alperia Group  
The Alperia Group mainly operates in the sectors of electricity (production, distribution and sale), 
heating (production, distribution and sale), renewable energy sources and gas (distribution and sale), 
all of which are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations enacted by the European Union, the 
Republic of Italy and certain regulatory agencies, including the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, 
Networks and Environment (Autorità di Regolazione per Energia, Reti e Ambiente or “ARERA”). For 
further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Regulation”. Changes in

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
applicable legislation and regulation, whether at a national or European level, and the manner in which 
they are interpreted, could adversely affect the Alperia Group’s current and future operations, its cost 
and revenue-earning capabilities and, in general, the development of its business. Such changes could 
include, inter alia, changes in: (i) the procedure for awarding and/or renewing of authorisations, 
concessions, licences or other similar arrangements required to carry out certain of the Group’s 
activities; (ii) contracts granted to, or entered into with, Alperia and its operating subsidiaries; (iii) tariffs 
charged by such companies for their services; (iv) the determination of any indemnity or compensation 
payments due to Alperia Group companies in the case of termination or loss of authorisations, 
concessions, licences or other similar arrangements; (v) the incentives regime for renewable energy 
sources; (vi) unbundling regulation; (vii) tax rates; (viii) environmental, health and safety or other 
workplace laws; or (ix) regulation of cross-border transactions. For information on a recent draft law 
that may affect the Issuer’s operation in the sector of large hydropower concessions in the Autonomous 
province of Bolzano see “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – Recent Development – 
Recent draft law regarding large hydropower concessions in the Autonomous province of Bolzano”.  
In addition, public policies related to energy, energy efficiency and/or air emissions may have an impact 
on the overall business environment in which the Alperia Group operates and particularly the public 
sector.  Similarly, sector-wide regulation may affect many aspects of the Alperia Group's business and, 
in many respects, determines the manner in which the Alperia Group conducts its business and sets 
the fees it charges or obtains for its products and services. Any new or substantially altered law, 
regulation, guideline or standard could have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
Alperia Group is dependent on authorisations, concessions, licences or other arrangements with 
public authorities for certain activities 
The businesses of the Alperia Group include both: (i) services which require specific authorisations, 
concessions, licences or other dispositions granted by public authorities (i.e. electricity distribution, gas 
distribution and hydroelectric power systems); and (ii) businesses which are not dependent on such 
arrangements (i.e. electricity production – with the exception of electricity production through 
hydroelectric plants – and sale, gas sale, facility management and energy efficiency).  Such 
authorisations, concessions, licences or similar dispositions vary in duration across the Alperia Group’s 
business areas. In particular, with respect to the electricity distribution business, the relevant 
concession is due to expire in 2030, whilst concessions relating to hydroelectric activities – which, 
directly or indirectly, account for most of the revenues of the Alperia Group – are due to expire between 
2024 and 2041, including eight large hydroelectric concessions in 2024. Furthermore, some 
concessions have, in fact, already expired and are being operated by the Alperia Group under a 
cartetaker (prorogatio) regime, pending the launch of a tender and/or the award of a new concession. 
See also “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – Concessions”.  
There is no assurance that the Alperia Group will maintain concessions operated by it nor that such 
concessions will be renewed after they expire. Similarly, there is no assurance that the Alperia Group 
will be able to enter into new concessions or similar arrangements or that any new concessions or 
arrangement is entered into or renewals of existing concessions or similar arrangements will be on 
terms similar to those currently in force. Any failure by Alperia and its Group to maintain the current 
concessions or similar arrangements and/or to enter into new, or renew existing, concessions or like 
arrangements, in each case on similar or otherwise favourable terms, could have a negative impact on 
the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Group. 
Concessions and similar arrangements are governed by agreements with the relevant grantor requiring 
the concession holder to comply with certain obligations (including performing regular maintenance 
and obtaining, maintaining, and complying with the required licences, permits and authorisations). 
Each holder is subject to penalties or sanctions for the non-performance or default under the relevant

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
concession or other public disposition. In particular, failure by a holder to fulfil its material obligations 
under a concession or similar agreement with a public body could lead to early termination of the 
concession or agreement. In accordance with general principles of Italian law, such arrangements can, 
inter alia, be terminated early for reasons of public interest. In either case, the relevant holder might 
be required to transfer all of the assets relating to the operation of the concession to the grantor or to 
the incoming holder. Although the holder might be entitled to receive a compensation amount 
determined in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreement, there can be no assurance that 
the amount due, if any, to the relevant entities of the Alperia Group will actually be paid and/or paid 
promptly and/or will be adequate compensation for the loss of the relevant concession and disposal 
of the related assets. In addition, in several cases there might be a dispute between the parties 
regarding the quantification of the compensation amount. Litigation in respect of such disputes is 
frequent and can have an impact on the execution of the business strategy and on the Alperia Group's 
activities.  
The Alperia Group is exposed to revision of tariffs in the gas and energy sectors 
The Alperia Group’ business in the gas and energy sectors is exposed to a risk of variation of the tariffs 
applied to end users. Applicable tariffs payable by final customers are determined and adjusted by the 
relevant authority and may be subject to variations as a consequence of periodic revisions resulting 
from investigations by the relevant authority. For example, recently, under Resolution 
163/2023/R/COM dated 18 April 2023, ARERA approved the integrated text of the regulation by 
expenditure and service objectives (ROSS) for regulated infrastructure services of the electricity and 
gas sectors for the period 2024-2031 (TIROSS 2024-2031) setting out, inter alia the criteria for 
determining the recognised cost common to all regulated infrastructure services of the electricity and 
gas sectors (the so-called “ROSS-base”) for the period 2024-2031, relevant for the determination of the 
constraints on companies' allowed revenues. The "ROSS-base" approach will focus on total 
expenditure, including through the use of standard coefficients for defining capitalised expenditure, 
thus overcoming the current cost recognition regime that considers operating costs (with price-cap 
incentives) and capital expenditure (with a rate-of-return adjustment) separately. For further 
information about the tariff determination in the energy sector, see “Regulation”, below. 
Uncertainties as to how to determine tariffs and possible decreases in tariffs, including as a 
consequence of changes in related laws and regulations, could have a negative impact on the business, 
revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
Risk related to measures aimed at containing the negative implications for end customers of the 
energy commodity prices and that may adversely affect the sale of energy and/or the related 
revenues 
To face the exceptional level of energy commodity prices started in the second half of 2021 and 
continued during 2022 (see also “ The Alperia Group is exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in 
the prices of certain commodities” below), the Italian Government introduced certain price limits for 
end customers (both households and businesses), also introducing prohibitions on updating tariff 
conditions. In particular, by Law Decree No. 4/2022, as amended, the Italian Government introduced a 
so-called cut in “extra-profits” from revenues on the sale of energy from renewable energy plants 
accrued between 1 February 2022 and 31 December 2022 (subsequently extended to 30 June 2023). 
Such measure envisaged a two-way compensation mechanism on the price of electricity fed, inter alia, 
by certain plants with a capacity of more than 20 kW powered by hydroelectric that do not access 
incentive mechanisms. Another one-way compensation mechanism was introduced by Law 197/2022 
for the period between 1 December 2022 and 30 June 2023 for plants not falling within the scope of 
the compensation mechanism set forth by Law Decree No. 4/2022. In addition, under Law Decree No. 
21/2022, as amended, the Italian Government introduced two windfall levies payable by, among 
others, producers of electricity that have made extra profits due to rising energy prices and tariffs.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Similarly, also at the European level certain initiative have been adopted and/or are currently envisaged 
which aim at reducing the demand for electricity and collecting and redistributing excess revenues from 
the energy sector to the final customer. For example, Regulation (EU) 2022/1854 of the Council of 6 
October 2022 has introduced a cap on market revenues of producers obtained from the generation of 
electricity from certain sources.  
Any new laws or regulation binding on the Alperia Group which limit energy prices for end customers 
or the sale of energy and/or the related revenues or provide for a reduction of energy consumption at 
the Italian or the European level could have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Alperia Group’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired, inter alia, if it is 
unable to maintain or obtain the required licences, authorisations, permits, approvals and consents 
The strategy of the Alperia Group is based on a series of critical assumptions. In the event that one or 
more of the strategy’s underlying assumptions proves to be incorrect or events evolve differently from 
those contemplated (including, inter alia, as a consequence of events that may not be foreseeable or 
quantifiable) the actual events and results of operations could differ from the targets and projections. 
Furthermore, in order to carry out and expand its business, the Alperia Group needs to maintain or 
obtain, and comply with, a variety of licences, authorisations, permits and approvals from regulatory, 
legal, administrative, tax and other authorities and agencies for the construction, operation and 
maintenance of its projects. The processes for obtaining these permits and approvals are often lengthy, 
complex, unpredictable and costly. If the Alperia Group is unable to obtain, maintain or comply with 
the relevant licences, authorisations, permits and approvals, or if it delays or fails to renew, or faces a 
challenge to or the revocation of such licences, authorisations, permits or approvals, its ability to 
achieve its strategic objectives could be impaired, and it could incur costs and losses, all of which could 
have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
2. 
Risks related to the business activities and industry of the Alperia Group 
Droughts and other changes in weather and atmospheric conditions could materially adversely affect 
the Alperia Group’s operations  
The Alperia Group is affected in several ways by atmospheric conditions and is particularly dependent 
upon hydrological conditions prevailing from time to time in the geographic areas where its 
hydroelectric generation facilities are located. In addition, average temperatures influence customers’ 
natural gas, heating and electricity consumption requirements, with demand in cold winters and hot 
summers being typically higher. Any unusual, extreme or unforeseen weather phenomena could have 
a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects 
of the Issuer and the Group.  
Risks related to the overall economic situation, especially in the Alperia Group’s principal markets 
The Group’s profitability may be impacted by several external factors, including the economy (such as 
gross domestic product and inflation), the geopolitical context, energy market conditions (which have 
been and are still characterised by extreme volatility in the prices of gas, electricity and other raw 
materials), the difficulties connected to global logistics chains and the increased competition on the 
free market.  
In particular, electricity and gas consumption are strongly affected by the level of economic activity and 
gross domestic product in Italy.  Any decrease in demand for energy puts pressure on sales margins 
due also to greater competition (see also “ The Alperia Group faces a process of market liberalisation 
and increasing competition in the markets in which it operates” below). In the event of shrinking 
demand without corresponding adjustments in the margins charged by Alperia on its sales or without

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
an increase in its market share, then Alperia’s revenues (other than those arising from the distribution 
service, which is based on the current tariff mechanism) would be reduced and future growth prospects 
would be limited. 
In addition, changes in retail electricity consumption could require the Alperia Group to acquire or sell 
additional electricity on unfavourable terms. Sales volumes may differ from the supply volumes that 
the Alperia Group had expected to utilise from electricity purchase contracts. Differences between 
actual sales volumes and supply volumes may require the Alperia Group to purchase additional 
electricity or sell excess electricity, both of which are themselves subject to market conditions, which 
may change according to multiple factors, including weather, plant availability, transmission congestion 
and input fuel costs. The purchase of additional electricity at high prices or sale of excess electricity at 
low prices could have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Alperia Group faces a process of market liberalisation and increasing competition in the markets 
in which it operates 
The markets in which the Alperia Group operates are undergoing a process of further liberalisation at 
both a European and an Italian level, which is being implemented in different ways and following 
different timetables in each country within the European Union. As a result of the process of 
liberalisation, new competitors may enter many of the markets in which the Alperia Group operates. It 
cannot be ruled out that such process of liberalisation might continue in the future. In particular, in 
Italy, the phasing-out of the enhanced protection regime (servizio di maggior tutela) in the electricity 
and gas sectors for household customers is expected to terminate as of 10 January 2024. The Alperia 
Group’s ability to develop its businesses and improve its financial results may be constrained by the 
resulting new competition.  
Competition in Italy is increasing particularly in the electricity business, in which Alperia competes with 
other traders within Italy and from outside of Italy who sell electricity in the Italian market to industrial, 
commercial and residential clients. This could have an impact on the prices paid or received in Alperia’s 
electricity trading activities. Moreover, the Alperia Group may be unable to offset the financial effects 
of decreases in sales of electricity through efficiency improvements or expansion into new business 
areas or markets. 
In its natural gas business, Alperia faces increasing competition from both national and international 
natural gas suppliers. Increasingly high levels of competition in the Italian natural gas market could 
possibly entail reduced natural gas selling margins.  Furthermore, a number of national gas producers 
from countries with large gas reserves have begun to sell natural gas directly to final clients in Italy, 
which could threaten the market position of companies, like Alperia, which resell gas purchased from 
producing countries to final customers. 
The above developments could, over time, have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Alperia Group is exposed to operational risks through its ownership and management of power 
plants and distribution networks and plants 
The main operational risks to which the Alperia Group is exposed are linked to its ownership and 
management of power stations and its distribution networks and plants. These power stations and 
other assets are exposed to risks of malfunctions and/or interruption in service that can cause 
significant damages to the assets themselves and, in more serious cases, compromise production 
capacity. These risks include events outside of the Alperia Group’s control or other similar extraordinary 
events such as extreme weather phenomena, adverse meteorological conditions, natural disasters, fire, 
terrorist attacks, sabotage, mechanical breakdown of or damage to equipment or processes, accidents 
and labour disputes. Any such events could cause damage or destruction of the Alperia Group’s

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
facilities and, in turn, result in financial loss, cost increases or the necessity to revise the Alperia Group’s 
investment plans. Additionally, service interruptions, malfunctions or casualties or other significant 
events could result in the Alperia Group being exposed to litigation, which in itself could generate 
obligations to pay damages. Alperia and its Group could also be held liable for human exposure to 
hazardous substances in its water supplies or other environmental damage. Although the Alperia Group 
has insurance coverage against some, but not all, of these events, such coverage may prove insufficient 
to offset the cost of paying such damages fully. An additional risk arises from adverse publicity that 
these events may generate and the consequent damage to Alperia's reputation. The occurrence of one 
of more of the events described above, or other similar events, could have a negative impact on the 
business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Alperia Group is exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of certain commodities 
In the ordinary course of business, the Alperia Group is exposed to commodity price risk, namely the 
market risk related to volatility in the prices of energy commodities (electricity, gas, fuel oil, wood, etc.) 
and environmental certificates, which is only partially mitigated by the management strategies 
implemented by the Group providing for, inter alia, the entering into by Alperia’s subsidiary Alperia 
Trading S.r.l. of certain fixed price contracts for purchase and sale of gas and electricity both for trading 
purposes and for purposes of hedging energy and natural gas price fluctuation risk. Significant 
fluctuation in the price of such commodities and their by-products as well as exchange rates associated 
with them may reduce the Group's cash flows and income which, in turn, could have a negative impact 
on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and 
the Group. 
The Alperia Group is subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations 
The Alperia Group incurs significant costs to keep its plants and businesses in compliance with the 
requirements imposed by various environmental laws and regulations such as Law No. 68/2015 which 
has introduced into Italian legislation a number of new criminal offences related to environmental 
liabilities (so called “ecoreati”) including, inter alia, environmental pollution, environmental damage 
and conspiracy to carry out an “ecoreato” (Article 452-octies of the Italian criminal code). 
Environmental laws and regulations require the Alperia Group to adopt preventive or remedial 
measures and influence the Alperia Group’s business decisions and strategy. The costs of compliance 
with existing environmental legal requirements or those not yet adopted may increase in the future. In 
addition, failure to comply with environmental requirements in the territories where the Alperia Group 
operates may lead to fines, litigation, loss of licences and temporary or permanent curtailment of 
operation. Any liabilities for breach of legislation or any significant increase in the costs and expenses 
necessary to keep the plants in compliance with environmental laws and regulations could have a 
negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of 
the Issuer and the Group. 
Alperia and its subsidiaries are defendants in a number of legal proceedings and may from time to 
time be subject to further legal proceedings and investigations by the authorities 
Alperia and certain companies of the Alperia Group are defendants in civil, tax, regulatory and 
administrative proceedings, which are incidental to their business activities, and may, from time to 
time, be subject to further litigation and/or to investigations by tax and other authorities. For a 
description of such proceedings, see the paragraph headed “Litigation and contingent liabilities” in the 
notes to the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Although Alperia has made provisions for such 
proceedings in its consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022, it is not able to predict 
the ultimate outcome of any of the claims currently pending against it or the other companies of the 
Alperia Group, or future claims or investigations that may be brought against it or the other companies 
of the Alperia Group, which may be in excess of those provisions. In addition, Alperia and the Alperia 
Group may incur significant losses in addition to the amounts already provisioned, owing to: (i)

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
uncertainty regarding the final outcome of any proceedings, claims or investigations; (ii) the occurrence 
of new developments that management was unable to take into consideration when evaluating the 
likely outcome of such proceedings, claims or investigations; (iii) the emergence of new evidence and 
information; and (iv) the underestimation of probable future losses. See also “Alperia is exposed to a 
number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact on its tax results” below. The Italian 
Antitrust Authority has recently asked to Alperia information relating to certain of its business practice 
to which Alperia has promptly replied and in respect of which no other communications have been 
received. Unfavourable outcomes in existing or future proceedings, claims or investigations could have 
a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects 
of the Issuer and the Group. 
Alperia is exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which would have an impact on its tax 
results 
Alperia determines the taxation it is required to pay based on its interpretation of applicable tax laws 
and regulations. As a result, it may face unfavourable changes in those tax laws and regulations to 
which it is subject. Such interpretation may, inter alia, lead to litigation with the tax authorities. 
Therefore, the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Alperia and the 
Alperia Group may be adversely affected by new laws or changes in the interpretation of existing laws. 
Cyber risk 
The Group's operations are supported by complex information technology systems, specifically with 
regard to its technical, commercial and administrative divisions. Additionally, the Group collects and 
stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the 
proprietary information and personally identifiable information of customers, service providers and 
employees, in data centres and on information technology networks. Operating these systems and 
networks and processing and maintaining those data in a secure manner are critical to the Issuer’s 
business operations. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated 
computer crimes intended to cause damage to management infrastructure or breach personal data 
pose a risk to the security of the Group’s systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and 
integrity of its data. The main threats may include identity theft, phishing aimed at taking control of a 
personal computer in order to attack central systems and attacks on exposed systems, such as public 
websites.  
A failure or breach in security could expose the Group and its customers, service providers and 
employees to risks of misuse of information or systems, the compromising of confidential information, 
loss of financial resources, and manipulation and destruction of data and operations disruptions, which 
in turn could adversely affect the Group's reputation, competitive position, businesses and results of 
operations. Security breaches could also result in litigation, regulatory action, unauthorised release of 
confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data, as well as higher operational 
and other costs of implementing further data protection measures which could have a negative impact 
on the business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and 
the Group. 
Risks relating to the Russia-Ukraine conflict  
Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 triggered – partly as a consequence of the 
sanction programmes implemented against Russia by the European Union, the United Kingdom, the 
USA and many other countries and multinational organisations – a series of economic and financial 
consequences, having a special impact on the energy markets in which the Alperia Group operates. In 
particular, during 2022, the energy markets (both gas and electricity) have been characterised by sharp 
price rises (with a peak in summer 2022, then gradually reducing), with extremely elevated daily growth 
rates and high volatility. In addition to the direct impact on the sale of electricity and gas, this increase 
in prices has led to higher inflation with reference to the prices of oil and food products, as well as

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
tension in the financial markets and concerns over the solvency of some companies and the security 
of the IT infrastructure, due to an increase in cyber-attacks. In addition, in the event of a sudden 
shortage of gas, a series of emergency measures under national and European natural gas contingency 
plans, as well as specific regulatory intervention, are likely to be initiated, which could provide for 
prioritisation and rationing of natural gas supplies to individual customers, such as retail customers 
taking priority. Finally, the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict may exacerbate other risks described 
in this section. All of the above circumstances could have a negative impact on the business, revenues, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
3. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
The Issuer’s leverage may have significant adverse financial and economic effects on the Issuer  
As at 31 December 2022 the Alperia Group had approximately Euro 1,163,000 thousand of net 
indebtedness. The Issuer’s leverage could increase the Issuer’s vulnerability to a downturn in its 
business or economic and industry conditions and have significant adverse consequences, including 
but not limited to: (i) limiting the Issuer’s ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working 
capital, capital expenditure, investment plans, strategic acquisitions, business opportunities and other 
corporate requirements; (ii) requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of the Issuer’s cash flow 
from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, the Issuer’s indebtedness, which would 
make such cash flow unavailable to fund the Issuer’s operations, capital expenditure, investment plans, 
business opportunities and other corporate requirements; (iii) limiting the Issuer’s flexibility in planning 
for, or reacting to, changes in the Issuer’s business, the competitive environment and the industry; (iv) 
reducing ability to obtain further loans and new credit lines to finance the Alperia Group’s commercial 
activities and issue supporting guarantees; and (v) significant exposure to frequent refinancing 
exercises. Any of these or other consequences or events could have a negative impact on the business, 
revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
Alperia is exposed to interest rate risk arising from its financial indebtedness 
Alperia is subject to interest rate risk arising from its financial indebtedness, which may affect the cost 
of financing and/or the fair value of financial liabilities and therefore could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Alperia and the Alperia 
Group. The interest rate risk varies depending on whether such indebtedness is at a fixed or floating 
rate. As at 31 December 2022, approximately 38% of the Alperia Group’s borrowings were at a fixed 
rate, already considering the results of hedging activities implemented by the Issuer.  
Alperia has exposure to credit/counterparty risk arising from its commercial activity  
Credit/counterparty risk represents Alperia’s exposure to potential losses that could be incurred if a 
counterparty fails to meet its obligations, both payment obligations and other contractual 
undertakings. Notwithstanding the mitigation activities implemented by the Group aimed at assessing 
and monitoring counterparties’ credit standing and the level of exposure of the Group to its 
counterparties, as well as the taking of guarantees, a single default by a major counterparty, or an 
increase in current default rates by counterparties generally, could have a negative impact on the 
business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Alperia Group is subject to liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk concerns the inability to raise, on favourable terms, the financial resources necessary for 
the Alperia Group to meet its financial obligations and to carry out its operations. The two main factors 
affecting the Group's liquidity are (i) the financial resources generated or absorbed by operating and 
investing activities and (ii) the maturity of the Group’s financial indebtedness. Furthermore, the 
liquidity level of the Group may also be impaired by any inability to borrow from banks or in the capital 
markets, which is dependent, inter alia, on favourable market conditions as well as on credit rating 
attributed to the Issuer (see “ Risks related to Alperia’s rating” below). If sufficient cash resources are

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
not available in the future for these or other reasons, it could have a negative impact on the business, 
revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group 
The loan agreements entered into by companies belonging to the Alperia Group contain restrictive 
covenants 
A significant portion of the Alperia Group’s borrowings has been granted under agreements that, in 
line with market practice, provide for certain restrictive covenants, such as, inter alia, pari passu ranking 
clauses, negative pledges, change of control clauses and provisions limiting extraordinary transactions 
and the incurrence of any additional indebtedness exceeding specified thresholds. Failure to comply 
with any of these clauses could, unless a prior waiver is obtained or amendment made, constitute a 
default under the agreements and could result in the early termination of the relevant facility 
agreement. If this were to occur above the thresholds specified in the Conditions, the cross-default 
provisions under any Notes would also be triggered and the Issuer could be required to repay in full all 
or substantially all of its financial indebtedness. Any such scenario could have a negative impact on the 
business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s dependence on its subsidiaries to meet its payment obligations  
The operations of the Alperia Group are, and may be, carried out by the Issuer primarily through its 
subsidiaries, as well as entities in which the Alperia Group has an interest but which it does not control, 
such as project companies and joint ventures, and the Issuer therefore depends on the earnings and 
cash flows of, and the distribution of funds from, these subsidiaries and entities to meet its payment 
obligations, including its obligations with respect to the Notes. Generally, creditors of such entities, 
including trade creditors, secured and unsecured creditors, and beneficiaries of guarantees given by 
the entity, as well as preferred shareholders, if any, of the entity, will be entitled to the assets of that 
entity before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation or winding up. As 
a result, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will, to the extent described above, be 
structurally subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities of the Issuer’s direct 
and indirect subsidiaries and other entities, including the rights of trade creditors and preferred 
shareholders (if any), as well as contingent liabilities, all of which could be substantial.  
Furthermore, any limitations on the Issuer’s ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries or such other 
entities, and any enforcement of the guarantees issued by the Group in favour of its subsidiaries or 
such other entities could have an adverse effect on the business, revenues, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or 
to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other 
payment. 
Risks related to Alperia's rating 
As at the date hereof the long-term credit rating assigned to Alperia is "BBB" (negative outlook) by 
Fitch. Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such, 
Fitch is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website available (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with such Regulation.  
Alperia's future ability to access capital markets, other financing instruments and related costs may 
depend, inter alia, on the rating assigned to Alperia.  Accordingly, a downgrade of Alperia’s rating might 
limit its ability to access capital markets and/or result in increase in its costs of funding and/or 
refinancing of debt with a consequent adverse impact on the business, revenues, results of operations 
and financial condition of Alperia and its Group. See also “ Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” 
below.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES AND WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risks under this heading are divided into the following categories:  
• 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
Risks applying commonly to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme; and 
• 
Risks relating to the market generally. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes is unlikely to rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, where a Clean-up Call is applicable (i.e. redemption exercisable by the Issuer conditionally 
upon the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes of a Series being less than or equal to 
a specified percentage of the aggregate of the initial principal amount of each Tranche of that Series), 
there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the relevant threshold has been (or 
is about to be) reached and the Issuer’s right to redeem will be exercisable even if, immediately prior 
to the serving of a notice of exercise of the call option, the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thereby potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Fixed Rate Notes  
A holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of those Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the “Market Interest Rate”). While the 
nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the life of such Notes or during a certain period 
of time, the Market Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate 
changes, the price of such Notes moves in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, 
the price of such Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market 
Interest Rate. Conversely, if the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically 
increases, until its yield is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should be aware 
that movements of the Market Interest Rate could adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes  
General 
Notes with variable interest are subject to fluctuations in interest rate levels and can be volatile 
investments. In particular, potential investors should be aware that:  
• 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;  
• 
they may receive no interest (unless they are subject to a floor); 
• 
in particular where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns 
negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, or may be zero and, accordingly, 
where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be 
entitled to interest payments for certain or all periods;

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
• 
the Reference Rate may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
• 
if they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors or caps or floors, or any 
combination of both or other similar related features, the effect of changes in the Reference Rate 
on interest payable is likely to be magnified and their market values may be even more volatile 
than those for securities that do not include such features; and 
• 
the timing of changes in the Reference Rate may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and 
judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence 
amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Fixed to floating rate Notes or floating to fixed rate Notes 
Notes to which Condition 4(j) (Change of Interest Basis) applies may bear interest at a rate that converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Switching of the interest rate 
is likely to affect the market value of those Notes, since it may result in a lower rate, especially where 
switching occurs at the Issuer’s option. If switching from a fixed rate to a floating rate occurs, the spread 
on the Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on the Issuer’s other Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes and may remain at a lower level until maturity. If switching from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate occurs, there can be no assurance that the resulting fixed interest rate will be substantially in 
line with the rate of the Issuer’s other Fixed Rate Notes or with prevailing market rates, either at the 
time of the switchover or for the remainder of the life of those Notes. In any of the above 
circumstances, if interest paid to Noteholders is at a lower rate than was previously applicable or is 
below market rates for comparable securities, this may also have an impact on the market value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
Notes linked to or referencing benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are still to be implemented whilst others are already effective, including (at EU level) the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, which applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark”.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may:  
• 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”;  
• 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark”; or  
• 
lead to the discontinuance, unavailability or disappearance of the “benchmark”.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (including EURIBOR).  
Notes linked to reference rates that are unavailable or discontinued 
General 
There are significant doubts about the continuing use of forward-looking interbank offered rates, such 
as EURIBOR, in financial markets transaction. In particular, in relation to EURIBOR, following concerns 
expressed by its administrator, EMMI, as to whether it could guarantee compliance with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, a methodological reform was carried out in 2019 and, as a result, EMMI has 
since been authorised as a benchmark administrator and included on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. However, the long-term sustainability of EURIBOR depends on factors such as the 
continued willingness of its panel of contributing banks to support it, and whether or not there is 
sufficient activity in its underlying market. The absence of these factors may cause EURIBOR to perform 
differently compared to the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Further market and regulatory developments in relation to benchmark rates may have significant 
consequences. Developments in this area are ongoing and could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark rate, such that market 
participants are discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to them. In addition, ongoing 
legislative reforms and changes in market appetite may also cause a benchmark to perform differently 
with respect to the past, to be discontinued or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes 
which reference a benchmark. 
Temporary unavailability of Relevant Screen Page 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements if a published 
benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (as 
well as mid-swap rates and any page on which such benchmark may be published), becomes 
temporarily unavailable. Where the Rate of Interest is linked to a Reference Rate that is determined by 
reference to a Relevant Screen Page and the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the relevant rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the 
Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks 
communicated to the Calculation Agent.  
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Reference Rate), the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect 
the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
Benchmark Events 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (which includes, but is not limited to, the permanent discontinuation of 
an Original Reference Rate or an announcement that an Original Reference Rate will be permanently 
discontinued in the future), the Issuer must use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate, as well as an Adjustment Spread, if applicable. In addition, if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint and consult with an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Independent

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Reference Rate Adviser is not able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may itself determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (and an Adjustment Spread, if applicable). 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) may result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
from how they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form, 
possibly involving payment of a lower Rate of Interest. Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the Independent Reference Rate Adviser (or, 
failing that, the Issuer), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Potential for a fixed rate return  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint and consult with an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Where this occurs, the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may itself determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate but, if it is unable or unwilling to do so, before the next Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the existing Rate of Interest. 
Under the above circumstances, the Issuer will continue to attempt to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply to the next succeeding 
and any subsequent Interest Periods (as necessary) or, failing that, determine those rates itself. 
However, there can be no assurance that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate will be successfully 
determined. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest or the Rate of Interest applicable to the last preceding Interest 
Period will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently from 
how they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined, which may entail payment of a lower Rate of Interest. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, 
the involvement of an Independent Reference Rate Adviser and the potential for further regulatory 
developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate remains undetermined for the life of the relevant Notes, the 
initial or existing Rate of Interest will continue to apply to maturity, which will result in the Floating 
Rate Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate Notes. If that occurs, there can be no assurance that the 
resulting fixed interest rate will be substantially in line with the rate of the Issuer’s other Fixed Rate 
Notes or with prevailing market rates, either at the time of the switchover or for the remainder of the 
life of those Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
Notes may be issued in denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination (typically, 
€100,000) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount (typically, integral 
multiples of €1,000). Such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Green Bonds 
General  
The Issuer may issue Notes the proceeds of which it intends to apply specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes. Where it does so, the 
relevant Final Terms may describe the Notes as “green bonds” (“Green Bonds”), issued in accordance 
with the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, which is aligned with principles published by the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) in 2021 and by the Loan Market Association (the 
“LMA”) in 2023. 
No assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any 
green project will satisfy, either in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
No clearly established definition 
In addition, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of a “green” project or other equivalent label nor is there any market consensus at 
present as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as such, and no 
assurance can be given that any clear definition or consensus will develop over time. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, although Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment, as amended (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) came into force in July 
2020, the relevant technical screening criteria are in a relatively early stage of development. In 
particular, the European Commission adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 
of 4 June 2021 (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”), introducing the first set of technical screening 
criteria to define which activities contribute substantially to two of the environmental objectives under 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation, i.e., climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation. The 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act became effective as of 1 January 2022. In addition, on 9 March 2022 
the EU Commission adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 (the “EU 
Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act”) covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which 
became effective as of 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission 
adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288 with regard to regulatory technical 
standards (RTS) specifying the details of the content and presentation of the information in relation to 
the principle of ‘do no significant harm’, specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of 
information in relation to sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content 
and presentation of the information in relation to the promotion of environmental or social 
characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, on websites and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
in periodic reports supplementing Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, as amended (the “Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation”), which became effective as of 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act that 
is adopted by the EU Commission in implementation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities 
and other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular reviews of the relevant 
screening criteria.  
Furthermore, provisional political agreement was reached in February 2023 on the legislative proposal 
for a so-called “European Green Bond Standard” (the “European Green Bond Standard”), which is 
intended to be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds where the proceeds are to 
be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU taxonomy. However, the provisional political 
agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if or when such European Green Bond 
Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and European Parliament. It is not 
clear at this stage what impact the European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, may 
have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as any Green Bonds 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme) that do not meet that standard but it may reduce demand 
and liquidity for any Green Bonds issued by the Issuer and their price.  
Pending further development of the technical screening criteria, no assurance can be given that any 
green project towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet investor expectations 
regarding any “green” performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and corresponding regulatory technical standards) or that any adverse event will not occur 
during the implementation of any such project. Additionally, although the above-mentioned technical 
screening criteria are generally prescriptive in nature, their application will involve the exercise of 
judgment and, in certain instances, the technical screening criteria also give broad discretion on the 
methodologies and assessments that should be undertaken. Accordingly, different persons (including 
third-party data providers and other financial market participants) may interpret and apply these 
technical screening criteria differently, use internal methodologies (where permitted) and/or arrive at 
different conclusions regarding the extent of the EU Taxonomy Regulation alignment of a financial 
product. 
Second-party opinion 
Furthermore, in connection with any Notes that are stated to be Green Bonds, the Issuer has obtained 
the Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion from DNV and may in the future request the 
issue of further second-party opinions by a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm, 
confirming that the relevant green and/or low carbon projects comply with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for those projects under the principles set out by ICMA and the LMA and/or a second-party 
opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental sustainability projects (any such second-party opinion, a “Green Bond Second-party 
Opinion”). In relation to the Green Bond Second-party Opinion, prospective investors should be aware 
that: 
• 
it is not part of this Base Prospectus and will not be incorporated in it at any later date;  
• 
its providers are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight and 
Noteholders have no recourse against them; 
• 
the contents of the Green Bond Second-party Opinion is only current as at the date it was initially 
issued;  
• 
the Green Bond Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced using the net proceeds from the 
issue of the relevant Notes;

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
• 
it will not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and will only be current as 
at the date it is released;  
• 
prospective investors must determine for themselves its relevance for the purpose of any 
investment in Notes issued for any of the purposes stated in the Final Terms; and 
• 
no assurance or representation is given to investors that it will reflect any present or future 
criteria or guidelines with which investors or their investments are required to comply. 
In addition, a withdrawal of any Green Bond Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Notes 
and/or have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
Non-compliance 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that any related green 
and/or low carbon projects will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule, and, accordingly, neither can it be guaranteed that the 
proceeds of the relevant Notes will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects, nor can there be 
any assurance that such green or low carbon projects will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Furthermore, neither the above events nor any other failure to comply with the objectives regarding 
the use of proceeds of any Notes described in the Final Terms nor any failure to comply with any 
reporting obligations will constitute an event of default under those Notes, regardless of the extent of 
any such non-compliance. Nevertheless, any such event or failure may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
Risks applying commonly to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme 
The Notes are unsecured 
The Notes constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, save as provided in Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries over 
present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure 
indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will, in 
respect of such assets, rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer. 
Consequently, in any distribution of the proceeds from the liquidation of the Issuer’s assets, secured 
creditors will be paid in full before any secured creditors (including Noteholders) and, as a result, 
Noteholders may not be paid in full or at all.  
Investors must rely on the procedures of the clearing systems  
The Notes may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited with 
a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for the ICSDs. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive 
Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the ICSDs will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes and investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through the ICSDs. Similarly, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depositary or common safekeeper (as 
the case may be) for the ICSDs for distribution to their accountholders and has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must therefore rely on the procedures of the 
ICSDs to receive payments under the relevant Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
In addition, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by the ICSDs to appoint appropriate proxies. 
As a result, if Euroclear or Clearstream fails to ensure due and punctual payment of principal or interest 
to a Noteholder or fails to enable a Noteholder to exercise its right to vote at a Noteholders’ meeting, 
then that Noteholder will not have any recourse against the Issuer for any loss resulting from that 
failure. Furthermore, the Issuer gives no assurance to Noteholders as to their ability to recover any 
such loss from Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Italy or certain other relevant jurisdictions or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions at the amount specified in the Final Terms, together with 
interest accrued up to the date of redemption. In that event, principal will be repaid to Noteholders 
and interest will cease to accrue. Any such circumstances will be beyond the control of investors and, 
to the extent that those Notes offered a favourable yield or other terms, there can be no assurance 
that investors will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security on similar 
terms. 
Change of law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
save that provisions convening meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative in respect of any Series of Notes are subject to compliance with mandatory provisions 
of Italian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law and/or Italian law (where applicable) or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may affect, for example, the extent to which the Notes: 
• 
remain legal investments for certain Noteholders; 
• 
can continue to be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; or 
• 
remain attractive investments to potential buyers or can otherwise be freely traded. 
The unforeseen consequences of any such change could have a material adverse effect on the 
marketability and/or value of Notes or on the right of certain investors to continue holding the Notes 
and, under those circumstances, certain investors may be compelled to sell their Notes at a loss. See 
also “Noteholders’ meeting provisions may change by operation of law or because of changes in the 
Issuer’s circumstances” below. 
Decisions at Noteholders’ meetings bind all Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the terms and conditions relating to the 
Notes. As summarised in Condition 11(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, these provisions permit defined majorities at those meetings to bind all Noteholders, including 
those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted against the relevant proposal. 
Possible modifications to the Notes approved by meetings of Noteholders include, without limitation, 
lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal and interest payable on the Notes, 
changing the time and manner of payment, changing provisions relating to redemption, limiting 
remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment provisions. Any such modification may have an 
adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Noteholders’ meeting provisions may change by operation of law or because of changes in the 
Issuer’s circumstances 
The provisions relating to Noteholders’ meetings (including quorums and voting majorities) are subject 
to compliance with certain mandatory provisions of Italian law, which may change during the life of the 
Notes. In addition, certain Noteholders’ meeting provisions could change as a result of amendments 
to the Issuer’s By-laws. Accordingly, Noteholders should not assume that the provisions relating to 
Noteholders’ meetings contained in the Agency Agreement and summarised in the Terms and 
Conditions will correctly reflect mandatory provisions of Italian law applicable to Noteholders’ 
meetings at any future date during the life of the Notes. Any of the above changes could reduce the 
ability of Noteholders to influence the outcome of any vote at a Noteholders’ meeting and, as described 
in further detail in “Decisions at Noteholders’ meetings bind all Noteholders” above, the outcome of 
any such vote will be binding on all Noteholders, including dissenting and abstaining Noteholders, and 
may have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of the Notes. 
Payments in respect of the Notes may in certain circumstances be made subject to withholding or 
deduction of tax 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Italian tax, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been required. The 
Issuer's obligation to gross up is, however, subject to a number of exceptions, including in particular 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree 239 Deduction”), which may apply in certain 
circumstances described in the section headed “Taxation”. In such circumstances, any beneficial owner 
of an interest payment relating to the Notes will receive amounts of interest payable on the Notes net 
of any Decree 239 Deduction. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Decree 239 Deduction is levied 
at the ordinary rate of 26 per cent. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to whether any of those exceptions could be relevant to them. In the event that any Decree 
239 Deduction is imposed in respect of payments to the Notes, it will be made for the account of the 
relevant Noteholders and neither the Issuer nor any other person will be obliged to gross-up or 
otherwise compensate the Noteholders for the lower amounts the Noteholders will receive as a result 
of such tax. As a result, those Noteholders will receive lower amounts of interest than they would 
otherwise have been entitled to receive and the Issuer will be under no obligation to assist them in 
recovering any sum that has been withheld or deducted from the Italian tax authorities. To the extent 
that any such withholding or deduction is not recoverable, the effective yield of the Notes for those 
Noteholders will be significantly lower than originally envisaged. 
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at fair 
market prices or at all. In addition, the Notes might not be listed on a stock exchange or admitted to 
trading on any securities market or other trading facility and, in these circumstances, pricing 
information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market price of the Notes may be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
The liquidity and market value of the Notes may also be significantly affected by factors such as 
variations in the Group's annual and interim results of operations, news announcements or changes in 
general market conditions. In addition, broad market fluctuations and general economic and political 
conditions may adversely affect the market value of the Notes, regardless of the actual performance of 
the Group. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system (each, a “listing”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such 
Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, 
although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the 
Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or the Notes may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue 
of Notes is rated, investors should be aware that:  
• 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes;  
• 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
• 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the 
trading price for the Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the Issuer’s consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus), 
contain certain financial indicators that are alternative performance measures (“APMs” and, each, an 
“APM”) for the purposes of ESMA’s guidelines (ESMA/2015/1415) issued on 5 October 2015 concerning 
the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 
2016 (the “Guidelines”). Although not recognised as financial measures under IFRS, APMs are used by 
the management of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. Additional 
information on the use, calculation and significance of those APMs is set out below. 
On 3 December 2015, the Commissione per le Società e la Borsa, the Italian securities and exchange 
commission (“CONSOB”) issued Communication No. 92543/15, which gives effect to the Guidelines. 
The Guidelines, which update the previous CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b), are aimed at 
promoting the usefulness and transparency of APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability 
and comprehensibility. In addition, ESMA also published a Questions and Answers (Q&A) document on 
the Guidelines, last updated on April 2022, to promote common supervisory approaches and practices 
in the application of the Guidelines. 
The APMs used by the Alperia Group are described as follows: 
EBITDA (or Gross Operating Income): is an alternative measure of operating performance, calculated 
as the sum of the “Net operating income” plus “Amortisation, depreciation, provisions and write-
downs”; 
Financial Debt: is an indicator of the Issuer’s financial structure. This indicator corresponds to the 
financial debts net of cash and cash equivalents and current financial assets (financial receivables and 
securities other than equity investments). 
The section “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group” below 
also shows the so-called “industrial EBITDA” for the financial years 2022 and 2021 for each business 
unit. The description of the “industrial EBITDA” is set forth in paragraph “Description of the Issuer and 
the Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group – Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by Business Unit” 
below. 
Investors should be aware that:  
• 
although APMs are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the Group’s 
business and operations, they are based exclusively on the Group’s historical data and are not 
indicative of future performance;  
• 
APMs are not derived from IFRS and they are not subject to audit; 
• 
APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as a measure of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measures 
derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles; 
• 
APMs should be read in conjunction with the Issuer's consolidated financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus;  
• 
the descriptions of the above APMs will not necessarily be aligned to the meaning given to them 
when used in any contracts to which the Group is a party, including in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” below; and 
• 
since not all companies calculate these measures in an identical manner, the Issuer’s 
presentation of its APMs may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.  
Investors are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on APMs.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information is incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022; and 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021, 
together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the information incorporated by reference 
in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document 
subsequently incorporated by reference, by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Access to documents 
Each of the above documents have been previously filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and can be 
accessed at the following addresses on the Issuer’s website: 
• 
2022 consolidated annual financial statements:  
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/Consoldiated%20financial%20state
ments%20as%20of%2031%20December%202022.pdf 
• 
auditors’ report on 2022 consolidated annual financial statements: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/Consoldiated%20financial%20stat
ements%20as%20of%2031%20December%202022%20-%20Auditor%27s%20report.pdf 
• 
2021 consolidated annual financial statements: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/Alperia%20Group%20-
%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%20of%20the%20Alperia%20Group%20at%2031
%20December%202021.pdf 
• 
auditors’ report on 2021 consolidated annual financial statements: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/Alperia%20Group%20-
%20Audited%20consoldiated%20financial%20statements%20as%20of%2031%20December%2
02021%20-%20auditors%20report.pdf 
In addition, copies of the above documents may be inspected, free of charge, at the specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent and at the registered offices of Alperia. 
Cross-reference lists 
The following information from the above-mentioned financial statements is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, and the following cross-reference lists are provided to enable investors to 
identify specific items of information so incorporated. 
Information 
Page number(s) 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
2022 
2021 
Litigation and contingent liabilities 
78 – 97 
73 - 92 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
118 
111

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Information 
Page number(s) 
Audited Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 
2022 
2021 
Consolidated income statement 
119 
112 
Consolidated comprehensive income statement 
120 
113 
Statement of changes in consolidated shareholders’ equity 
121 - 122 
114 - 115 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
124 
117 
Notes 
125 - 225 
118 – 223 
 
The auditors’ reports on the above annual financial statements are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus in their entirety.  
Where any information is contained in any of the documents specified above but not listed in the cross-
reference list, such information is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and is not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (in accordance with Article 19 of 
the Prospectus Regulation). Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information 
purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer global note form 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a “Permanent Global Note”). Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, each 
Permanent Global Note (each, a “Global Note”) will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “ICSDs”). 
New global note form 
Where a Global Note issued in respect of any Tranche is in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Note is intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that a Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any times during their 
life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved 
by the ICSDs, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Temporary Global Note  
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that (i) certification (in a form to be provided) 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, and (ii) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Fiscal Agent. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Note for Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Permanent Global Note  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through the ICSDs (against presentation or, as the case may be, surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement 
for certification. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event or (c) at any time at the request of the Issuer. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: 
(i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default) has occurred and is 
continuing; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Legend concerning U.S. persons 
The following legend will appear on all Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) 
AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
Transferability 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Fiscal 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common 
code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Other clearing systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Final Terms dated [date] 
ALPERIA S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 815600117D7977461B75 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the  
€1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
on insurance distribution, as amended [(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)], where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]1 Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website (https://live.euronext.com) of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), on the Issuer’s website 
and (free of charge) during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent at [address]. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]2 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
Fungible with an existing Series: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) below) 
 
(i) 
Details of existing Series: 
 
The Notes are to be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
issued by the Issuer on [issue dates of earlier 
Tranches] (the “Existing Notes”). 
 
1 Text in square brackets applicable only where the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or 
offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  
2 Delete where the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
 
[Issue Date / Upon exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 
(Form of Notes) below, which is expected to 
occur not earlier than [date] (the “Exchange 
Date”)] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
 
[     ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[     ] 
 
 
(The minimum denomination of Notes will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount of such currency).) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. 
 
 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [€199,000].”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[     ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [specify month and year]]  
(Maturity must be at least a year and a day 
after the Issue Date.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[     ]% Fixed Rate] 
[[•] month [EURIBOR] +/- [     ]% Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]  
[(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] 
[11 / 12 / 13] below)] 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[From (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
[first] Switch Date [and [     ] (Specify any other 
periods)], paragraph [11/12] applies. From 
(and including) the [first] Switch Date to (but 
excluding) the [Maturity Date / next Switch 
Date] [and [     ] (Specify any other periods)], 
paragraph [12/11] applies.] / 
Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (a) 
and (b) below) 
 
(a) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[If the Issuer switch option is exercised,] [     ] 
(Insert date(s))  
(Delete the reference above to the Issuer 
switch option if “Not Applicable” is specified in 
sub-paragraph (b) below.) 
 
(b) 
Issuer switch option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Switch Option Exercise Period: 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify 
maximum and minimum number of days prior 
to Switch Date) / Not Applicable] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Unconditional investor put / 
Conditional investor put, upon occurrence of a 
Put Event / 
Unconditional Issuer call / 
Conditional Issuer call, upon occurrence of a 
Clean-up Call Event / 
Issuer tail-end par call / 
Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph[s] 
[14 / 15 / 16 / 17 / 18] below)]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable [during the period(s) specified in 
paragraph 9 (Change of interest basis)]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
If applicable, only include the reference to 
change of interest basis if paragraph 9 is also 
applicable.) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[     ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
(This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
[[     ] in each year / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Insert “Not Applicable” unless Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
 
 
 
(If applicable, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration.) 
12. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable [during the period(s) specified in 
paragraph 9 (Change of interest basis)]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, only include the reference to 
change of interest basis if paragraph 9 is also 
applicable.) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[     ]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
(c) 
Interest Period Date: 
 
[Interest Payment Dates / (Specify other date)] 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[     ] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
 
[     ] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining items under this sub-
paragraph) 
 
­ Reference Rate: 
 
[[    ] month EURIBOR / (Specify other 
reference rate)] 
 
­ Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[     ]  
(For example, London / Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro) 
 
­ Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[     ] 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
­ Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[     ]  
(Second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
­ Relevant Time: 
 
[     ]  
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London 
time/Brussels time) 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining items under this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
 
(Consider whether any terms or information 
inserted below constitute a “significant new 
factor” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
­ ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 / 2021] ISDA Definitions  
 
­ Floating Rate Option: 
 
[     ]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
­ Designated Maturity: 
 
[     ] 
 
­ Reset Date: 
 
[     ] 
 
 
(In the case of an EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
­ Compounding:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining items under this sub-
heading) 
 
• Compounding Method:  
 
[Compounding with Lookback  
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]]  
 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout  
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days  
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
­ Averaging: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining items under this sub-
heading) 
 
• Averaging Method:  
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift  
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout  
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days  
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
­ Index Provisions:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining items under this sub-
heading)

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
• Index Method:  
 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift  
 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days  
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Specified Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (Specify for each short or 
long interest period) 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [     ]% per annum 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[     ]% per annum 
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[     ]% per annum 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 
360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4(h) (Interest - Definitions) for 
alternatives) 
13. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield: 
 
[     ]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
 
[30/360 / 
Actual/360 / 
Actual/365] 
[PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION] 
14. 
Unconditional issuer call 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[     ] (Under the Conditions, this should 
coincide with an Interest Payment Date) 
 
(b) 
Notice periods:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
(ii) 
Maximum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[     ] 
 
(d) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount [if the Optional 
Redemption Date falls on or before [date]] / 
[Make Whole Amount [if the Optional 
Redemption Date falls on or after [date]]] 
(If Make Whole Amount is not applicable, 
delete the following four sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(e) 
Remaining Term Interest: 
 
 
 
-  Accrual period: 
 
From (and including) [the Optional 
Redemption Date  / (specify other date)] to 
(but excluding) [the Maturity Date / (specify 
other date)] 
 
(f) 
Redemption Margin: 
 
(Specify percentage) per cent. 
 
(g) 
Reference Bond: 
 
(Specify applicable reference bond) 
 
(h) 
Reference Dealers: 
 
(Insert names of financial institutions) 
15. 
Conditional issuer call upon 
occurrence of Clean-up Call Event 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Clean-Up Call Threshold: 
 
(Specify percentage) per cent. 
 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
(ii) 
Maximum period: 
 
[          ] days

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
[currency] [amount] per Calculation Amount 
16. 
Issuer tail-end par call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Period: 
 
From (and including) [     ] to [(but excluding) 
the Maturity Date / [     ] (Specify other date)] 
 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
(ii) 
Maximum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
17. 
Unconditional investor put 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
(ii) 
Maximum period: 
 
[          ] days 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, consider the 
practicalities of distributing information 
through intermediaries, e.g. clearing systems 
(which normally require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a 
put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent.)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Conditional investor put upon 
occurrence of a Put Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the item below.) 
 
­ 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any 
time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if paragraph 5 (Specified 
Denomination(s)) above includes language 
substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
 
[Yes / No] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates 
to which sub-paragraph 12(e) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Alperia S.p.A.: 
 
By: 
………..………………………. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application [has been / is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
[admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin and listing on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin / the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multilateral trading 
facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. / (Specify any 
other stock exchange, market or quotation 
system)] with effect from [     ] / Not Applicable.] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
(Insert the following paragraph where the Notes 
are to be specifically rated.)  
[The Notes to be issued [have been / are 
expected to be] rated as follows: 
[Fitch: [     ]] 
[[Other]: [     ]]]  
 
(Insert the following paragraph where the Notes 
are not to be specifically rated) 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated 
to the Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally: 
[Fitch: [     ]] 
[[Other]: [     ]]]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
 
(Select one of the following three options:) 
[[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the EEA and [registered / has applied for 
registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”)[, 
although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided 
by the relevant competent authority].]  
 
[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] neither 
established in the EEA nor registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
“CRA Regulation”) but [is/are] certified under 
the CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] neither 
established in the EEA nor registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) [but/and] the rating[s] 
assigned to the Notes [has/have] been endorsed 
by [Name of rating agency/ies], which [is/are] 
[not] established in the EEA and [registered / has 
applied for registration] under the CRA 
Regulation[, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority].] 
3. 
AUTHORISATIONS 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[      ]] 
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
4. 
REASONS FOR OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ]  
Use of proceeds:  
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer [for 
general corporate purposes, which include, inter 
alia, making a profit [and/or] / [to refinance 
existing indebtedness (see also “– Interests of 
natural and legal persons involved in the issue” 
below) [and/or] / (specify any other use of 
proceeds).] 
 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of Notes will [also] be applied by the Issuer 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Green Projects, as set out in further detail 
[in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
“Use of Proceeds” [and below]]. Capitalised 
terms shown below have the meaning given to 
them in the section of the Base Prospectus 
entitled “Use of Proceeds”. ] 
 
[Estimate of the share of financing vs refinancing 
of Eligible Green Project: [     ]] 
 
Expected look-back period for refinanced Eligible 
Green Project: [     ]]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
[(Delete the foregoing and/or remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph if Eligible Green 
Projects are not relevant. Otherwise, insert  other 
details to the extent known at the date of the 
Final Terms.) [     ]] 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Not Applicable / (give details)].  
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers / Dealer] and save as set out below and/or 
described in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “General Information” under the 
heading “Dealers transacting with the Issuer”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest that is material to the issue of the Notes.[ The 
[Managers / Dealer] and [their / its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
lending, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]” (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
6. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[     ] / Not Applicable] 
 
(State “Not Applicable” if the Notes are not Fixed 
Rate Notes.) 
7. 
BENCHMARKS 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(State “Not Applicable” if the Notes are Fixed 
Rate Notes. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining text of this paragraph 7.) 
[Statement on benchmarks: 
(Article 29(2) of EU Benchmarks 
Regulation) 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [name of benchmark], 
which is provided by [name of benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final 
Terms, [name of benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[name of 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation / the transitional provisions in

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [name of benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]]. 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Not Applicable / [     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [        ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(c) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S, Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA [D/ C/ not applicable] 
10. 
ISIN AND COMMON CODE 
 
(Select the following option if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series but not immediately 
fungible upon issue.)  
[The Notes have the following temporary ISIN and temporary common code assigned to them 
Temporary ISIN: 
[   ]  
Temporary Common Code:  
[   ]  
The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Existing Notes on the Exchange 
Date, following which the Notes will have the same ISIN and common code assigned to the 
Existing Notes, namely:] 
(Select the following option if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series immediately upon 
issue.) 
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Existing Notes immediately 
upon issue and, accordingly, will have the same ISIN and common code assigned to the Existing 
Notes, namely:] 
(Delete both of the above options if the Notes are not fungible with an existing Series.) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
11. 
OTHER OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
CFI: 
[[•], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (“ANNA”) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable]]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
FISN: 
[[•], as set out on the website of [ANNA / the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies] or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable / Yes / No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] (Include this text if 
“yes” selected in which case the Notes must be 
issued in NGN form). 
[Note that whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include this text if “no” selected). 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and 
as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, will 
apply to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the Final Terms or (ii) these 
terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), will be endorsed on such Notes. References in these 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) and the 
terms and conditions applicable to any such Tranche are these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), 
together with the relevant Final Terms. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are the subject of an Agency Agreement dated 8 June 2023 (as amended or supplemented 
as at the relevant Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant 
dated 8 June 2023 (as amended or supplemented as at the relevant Issue Date, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, 
the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to 
interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the Final Terms (being 
an amount not less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in the Specified Currency or Currencies as at the 
Issue Date). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, a combination of any of 
the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Title to the Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note and, “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in these Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding, save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by applicable law. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, 
pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”), other than a Permitted Encumbrance (as 
defined below), upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), 
unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and these Conditions are secured by the 
Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(f) (Calculations). 
(b) Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(f) (Calculations). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the applicable Final Terms as applicable Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable is (A) the Floating Rate Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention,

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the sum of the relevant ISDA Rate and the Margin. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank 
offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or 
(B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(x) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (1) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and 
(2) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, then 
(1) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (2) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (3) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or  
(z) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (1) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (2) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (3) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(x) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, then (1) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (2) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in relevant Final Terms;  
(y) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (1) Averaging 
with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, 
(2) Observation Period Shift is the number 51 of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (3) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(z) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (1) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (2) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (3) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be 
applicable and:  
(x) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and  
(y) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(7) 
references in the ISDA definitions to:  
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
and 
(8) 
If the Final Terms specify that the 2021 ISDA Definitions as the applicable 
ISDA Definitions:  
(x) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(y) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below 
and subject to Condition 5 (Benchmark Replacement), be the sum of either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, plus the Margin. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
(2) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(x) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if 
sub-paragraph (1)(y) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the Relevant Time, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the 
Relevant Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus the 
Margin; and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at the Relevant Time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate at which, at the Relevant Time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case plus the Margin, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as applicable) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is so specified in the 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
In this Condition 4(b), “Applicable Maturity” means: (1) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (2) in 
relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i) (Zero 
Coupon Notes)). 
(d) Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined below). 
(e) Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (A) generally, or (B) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
case of (A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(B), calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of 
such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, shall be subject 
to such maximum or minimum. For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to 
these Conditions (unless otherwise specified): 
(A) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a 
percentage point being rounded up); 
(B) 
all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth 
significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up); and 
(C) 
all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit 
of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen.  
For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country or countries of such currency.  
(f) Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for 
any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, 
unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual 
Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which 
interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) Determination and publication of interest and redemption amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, 
as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, 
in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(b)(ii) (Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 4 (Interest) but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre. 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, which may be less than, or equal to, but not greater than, the Specified Denomination 
for such Series. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date 
ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under these Conditions.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any of its successors); 
“ISDA Definitions” means:  
(i) 
unless the Final Terms specify that the 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as amended and updated; or  
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that the 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable, the latest version of 
the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix, as defined 
therein, and any successor thereto),  
in each case, as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series and as 
published by ISDA and obtainable on its website (www.isda.org). 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of this Note specified in the Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer (or, at the Issuer’s discretion, 
its Independent Financial Adviser) in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the city or cities or other geographical area or areas specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“TARGET” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement system. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under these Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Change of interest basis: If a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the Final Terms as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Note Provisions or the Floating Rate Note Provisions, each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition:  
(i) 
Scheduled switch: If the Final Terms do not specify that Issuer switch option is applicable, 
then the switching of interest from the Fixed Rate Note Provisions to the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or vice versa shall take effect from (and including) each Switch Date without any 
requirement to give notice or other formality (but without prejudice, if applicable, to 
Condition 4(g) (Determination and publication of interest and redemption amounts)).  
(ii) 
Switching at the option of the Issuer: If the Final Terms specify that the Issuer switch option 
is applicable, then:  
(A) 
the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) during the 
relevant Switch Option Exercise Period of the switching of interest applicable to the 
Notes from the Fixed Rate Noted Provisions to the Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
vice versa; 
(B) 
provided that notice is given to Noteholders during the relevant Switch Option 
Exercise Period, such notice will be irrevocable and binding on both the Issuer and 
the Noteholders and will take effect from (and including) the corresponding Switch 
Date to (but excluding) the next following Switch Date or, where there is no 
subsequent Switch Date, to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; and 
(C) 
if, in relation to a date specified in the Final Terms as a Switch Date, the Issuer does 
not exercise its option in accordance with this Condition 4(j), then such date will be 
deemed not to be a Switch Date for the purposes of these Conditions and the interest 
provisions applicable prior to such date shall continue to apply. 
5. 
Benchmark Replacement 
(a) Application: This Condition 5 applies to the Floating Rate Note Provisions upon occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event in relation to an Original Reference Rate if, at any time, any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate.  
(b) Appointment of independent adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with as soon as reasonably practicable, at the Issuer's own expense, an Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser to determine as soon as reasonably practicable a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(d) (Successor or Alternative Rate)) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Adjustment

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Spread)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Benchmark 
Amendments)). An Independent Reference Rate Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation 
with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default, gross negligence or fraud, the 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 5.  
(c) Failure to appoint: If the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult with an Independent Reference 
Rate Adviser or if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5 prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, 
provided however that, if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Period immediately 
following such Interest Determination Date shall be the Rate of Interest that is applicable to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c) shall apply 
to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.  
(d) Successor or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines that:  
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate; or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate,  
then such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period (or the relevant component part thereof) and for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes, subject to any adjustment under Condition 5(e) (Adjustment Spread) and 
any subsequent operation of this Condition 5 in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
(e) Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or (in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 5(c) (Failure to appoint) only) the Issuer, in each case acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines in its discretion:  
(i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread,  
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). 
(f) Benchmark Amendments: If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5 and the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines in its discretion:  
(i) 
that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary and 
appropriate either (A) to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or (B) to comply with any applicable regulation or 
guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent 
regulatory body (each such amendment, a “Benchmark Amendment”); and  
(ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments,  
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(g) 
(Notification) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement 
required in order to give effect to this Condition 5 and the Fiscal Agent shall not be liable to any 
party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to so 
consent if, in the opinion of the Fiscal Agent, doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement and/or any other documents to which it is a party in any way).  
(g) Notification: Notice of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5 will be given promptly 
by the Issuer to the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
any such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendment, each 
of which will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in their determination and without 
prejudice to the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ right to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(h) Survival: Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under Conditions 5(b) (Appointment of 
independent adviser) to (f) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and, where 
originally applicable, the fallback provisions on screen rate determination under Condition 
4(b)(iii)(B) above will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and which:  
(i) 
(in the case of a Successor Rate) is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Reference 
Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and 
in good faith, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means: 
(i) 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(d) (Successor or Alternative Rate) is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods; or 
(ii) 
if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and in good faith) is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendment” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(f) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), cease publication of the 
Original Reference Rate, either permanently or indefinitely, in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been, or will be, appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator, or by the administrator, of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate:  
(A) 
has or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely been 
discontinued; or  
(B) 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator, or by the administrator, of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor or administrator, such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or  
(v) 
any event or circumstance whereby it has or will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, become unlawful for any Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable),

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, where the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
“Benchmark Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (as amended, supplemented or 
superseded from time to time). 
“Independent Reference Rate Adviser” means an Independent Financial Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer for the purposes of this Condition 5. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes, as specified 
in the Final Terms, provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events: 
(i) 
such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or any further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate; and  
(ii) 
a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate,  
then the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of: (A) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates; 
(B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) Final redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms (being a date falling not less 
than a year and a day after the Issue Date) at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is its nominal amount).

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(b) Early redemption amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the 
Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note prior to the Maturity Date or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to this Conditions 6 or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is not 
paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph 
(B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue 
to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date, together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Make Whole Amount: If the Final Terms specify that (A) Unconditional Issuer call is 
applicable for the purposes of Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and 
(B)  the Make Whole Amount is the applicable Optional Redemption Amount where the 
Optional Redemption Date falls in any specified period, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount payable on that Optional Redemption Date in respect of any Note shall be an 
amount calculated by the Independent Financial Adviser equal to the higher of: 
(A) 
the principal amount of such Note; and 
(B) 
the sum of the present values of the principal amount of such Note and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis 
(based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or, in the case of a leap 
year, 366) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, 
where: 
“Redemption Margin” means an amount expressed as a percentage, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means the debt securities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar 
security in the reasonable judgment of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on 
the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing 
to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; 
“Reference Dealers” means the financial institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or any of their Affiliates or successors which, at the relevant time, are primary dealers 
in securities that are substantially analogous to the Reference Bond or market makers in 
pricing such securities; and  
“Remaining Term Interest” means the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) of 
interest on each Note for the period from (and including) the Optional Redemption Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (or such other dates as may be specified in the Final Terms 
as the commencement and end dates of the accrual period), determined on the basis of the 
Rate of Interest applicable for that period.  
(iii) 
Other Notes: Upon redemption of any Note pursuant to Conditions 6(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reasons) to (e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default), the Early Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless Condition 
6(b)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes) or (ii) (Make Whole Amount applies to such Note or unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
(c) Redemption for taxation reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions do not apply to accrued 
interest for the period immediately preceding the date fixed for redemption) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions do so apply), on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 18 (Definitions)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
whereupon the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given (A) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due and (B) unless, at the time such notice is given, such change or amendment remains in effect 
(or due to take effect). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(d) Redemption at the option of the Issuer:  
(i) 
Unconditional call: If the Final Terms specify that “Unconditional Issuer call” is applicable, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on each Optional Redemption Date specified in the Final Terms 
(being a date or dates falling not less than a year and a day after the Issue Date) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (plus interest, if any, accrued to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date), on the Issuer’s giving not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum number of days’ notice to the Noteholders specified in the Final Terms.  
(ii) 
Clean-up call: If the Final Terms specify that “Conditional Issuer call upon occurrence of a 
Clean-up Call Event” is applicable, then the Issuer may, following the occurrence of a Clean-
up Call Event, redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, on the Optional Redemption Date 
at their Optional Redemption Amount (plus interest, if any, accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date), by giving not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum 
number of days’ notice to the Noteholders specified in the Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6(d)(ii):  
a “Clean-up Call Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time, Notes representing 
at least the Clean-up Call Threshold have been redeemed by the Issuer or purchased by the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and, in each case, have been cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) (Cancellation);  
“Clean-up Call Threshold” means, in relation to the aggregate principal amount of (i) the 
Notes of the relevant Series originally issued, and (ii) any further Notes of the same Series 
issued pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues), an amount expressed as a percentage of 
such aggregate principal amount and specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and  
“Optional Redemption Date” means, subject to the minimum and maximum notice periods 
specified in the Final Terms, the date specified as such in the notice given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 6(d)(ii) (being in any event a date falling not less 
than a year and a day after the Issue Date). 
(iii) 
Tail-end call: If the Final Terms specify that “Issuer tail-end par call” is applicable, then the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, on any date falling within the 
Optional Redemption Period specified in the Final Terms at their Early Redemption Amount 
plus interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption, by giving not less than the 
minimum nor more than the maximum number of days’ notice to the Noteholders specified 
in the Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Notice and effect: Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(d) shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant date fixed for redemption at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount plus 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
(v) 
Partial redemption:  In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also 
contain the serial numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in 
such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(e) Redemption at the option of Noteholders:  
(i) 
Unconditional investor put:  If the Final Terms specify that “Unconditional investor put”  is 
applicable, each Noteholder may, during the Put Option Exercise Period, serve a Put Option 
Notice upon the Issuer, following which the Issuer will redeem in whole (but not in part) the 
Notes that are the subject of such Put Option Notice on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  
(ii) 
Put event:  If the Final Terms specify that “Conditional investor put upon occurrence of a 
Put Event” is applicable and a Put Event occurs, then promptly upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of such Put Event, a Put Event Notice shall be given by the Issuer to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), whereupon each Noteholder may serve a Put 
Option Notice upon the Issuer during the Put Option Exercise Period. The Issuer will redeem 
in whole (but not in part) the Notes that are the subject of such Put Option Notice on the 
Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Put Event Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  
(iii) 
Exercise of put option: To exercise the option contained in this Condition 6(e), the holder of 
a Note must deposit such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the Put Option Exercise Period, accompanied by a duly signed and 
completed Put Option Notice. The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Option Notice 
are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a Put Option Receipt in respect of the 
Note so delivered. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder 
duly specified a bank account in the Put Option Notice to which payment is to be made, on 
the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on 
or after the Put Option Redemption Date against presentation and surrender or (as the case 
may be) endorsement of the Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
A Put Option Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the purposes of these Conditions, 
Put Option Receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(e) shall be treated as if they were 
Notes.  
(iv) 
Definitions: For the purposes of this Condition 6(e): 
“Optional Redemption Date” means: 
(A) 
in the case of Condition 6(e)(i) (Unconditional investor put), the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (being a date or dates falling 
not less than a year and a day after the Issue Date); or 
(B) 
in the case of Condition 6(e)(ii) (Conditional investor put upon occurrence of a Put 
Event), the date specified in the relevant Put Event Notice by the Issuer, being a date 
not earlier than 15 nor later than 30 Business Days after expiry of the Put Option 
Exercise Period,  
a "Put Event" shall be deemed to occur if:  
(A) 
a Change of Control, a Concession Event or a Sale of Assets Event occurs; and 
(B) 
a Rating Event occurs, 
in each case as defined in Condition 18 (Definitions) below;  
"Put Event Notice" means a notice from the Issuer to Noteholders specifying the nature of 
the relevant Put Event and the procedure for exercising the resulting put option, including 
the relevant Put Option Exercise Period and Optional Redemption Date;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
“Put Option Exercise Period” means,  
(A) 
in the case of Condition 6(e)(i) (Unconditional investor put), a period that 
commences not more than the maximum nor less than the minimum number of 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
in the case of Condition 6(e)(ii) (Conditional investor put upon occurrence of a Put 
Event), a period of 30 Business Days following the date on which the relevant Put 
Event Notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices);  
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wishing to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
and 
“Put Option Receipt” means a non-transferable receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a 
depositing Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wishing to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder. 
(f) Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto 
are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. To 
the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, such Notes may be held, re-issued or 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
(g) Cancellation: All Notes which are (i) purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries and surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation or (ii) redeemed by the Issuer will 
be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) and may not be reissued or resold, and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) Method of payment: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case 
of payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e) (Unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons)) at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have 
access to TARGET. 
(b) Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in 
U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) Payments subject to laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code (as defined in 
Condition 18 (Definitions)) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where these Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in a 
jurisdiction within Europe other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated and (iv) 
such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(e) Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9) (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Note.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(f) Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(g) Non-business days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as are specified 
as “Financial Centres” in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as are 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) presented for payment in Italy; or 
(b) the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(c) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a payment 
day (in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Non-business days)); or 
(d) presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement to 
the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(e) in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, 
to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-
Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(f) in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, premium or other proceeds of any Note 
or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 
April 1996, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined below) 
in respect of them. 
10. Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note 
may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately 
repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued 
interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such event of 
default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) Non payment: if default is made in the payment of (i) any principal due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 (seven) days; or (ii) interest due in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 (fourteen) days; or 
(b) Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions and the failure continues for a period of 30 days; or 
(c) Cross-default: if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries either (A) becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or (B) becomes capable of being 
declared due and repayable prematurely (as extended by any originally applicable grace period) 
by reason of an event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails 
to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project 
Finance Indebtedness) on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period); or (iii) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in making any payment due 
under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) of any other person on the due date for 
payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period), provided that no event described 
in this Condition 10(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) or other relative 
liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other 
amounts (if any) of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) 
and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all other events specified in (i) to (iii) above, 
amounts to at least €25 million (or its equivalent in any other currency); or  
(d) Security enforced: any security given by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) in excess of €25 million (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar 
person); or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(e) Winding up, etc.: if any order is made by any competent court or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for the 
purposes of (i) a Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below) or (ii) a reorganisation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(f) Cessation of business: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a Substantial Part of the business conducted by the Issuer or the Group 
taken as a whole, save for (i) the purposes of (A) a Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below), 
or (B) a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders (and provided that neither a Concession Event nor a Sale of Assets Event shall give 
rise to an Event of Default under this Condition 10(f)) and (ii) the disposal of the electricity 
transmission network business carried out through Edyna Transmission S.r.l. (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, will be disregarded for the purposes of this Condition 10(f)); 
(g) Insolvency and other proceedings: if (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of 
its debts, other than those related to Project Finance Indebtedness) as they fall due (as extended 
by any originally applicable grace period) or is deemed unable to pay its debts as they fall due (as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period) pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; (ii) proceedings are initiated 
against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or an application is made (or documents filed 
with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator 
or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the 
case may be, in relation to the whole or any Substantial Part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any Substantial Part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any Substantial Part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them, and in any such case (other than the appointment of 
an administrator or an administrative receiver appointed following presentation of a petition for 
an administration order) unless initiated by the relevant company, is not discharged within 90 
days; and (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or 
shareholders) initiates judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a 
moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any 
meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other 
than Project Finance Indebtedness), save for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders; or 
(h) Unlawfulness: if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(i) 
Analogous event: if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or 
may have an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (f) and (h) above. 
11. Meeting of Noteholders, Noteholders’ Representative and Modifications 
(a) Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter relating to the Notes and affecting their interests, including, 
without limitation, the modification or abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution of any provisions 
of these Conditions.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the Notes but are 
subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy (including, 
without limitation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended) and the By-laws of 
the Issuer in force from time to time and shall be deemed to be amended, replaced and 
supplemented to the extent that such laws, legislation, rules and regulations and the By-laws of 
the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain outstanding.  
Italian law currently provides that any such meeting may be convened by the competent corporate 
bodies of the Issuer (currently being the Consiglio di Gestione) and/or the Noteholders' 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, shall be convened by either 
of them upon the request of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of any Series for the time being outstanding, in each case in 
accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code. If the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative defaults in convening such a meeting following such request or requisition by the 
Noteholders representing not less than one-twentieth of aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
of any Series for the time being outstanding, the competent supervisory body (currently being the 
Consiglio di Sorveglianza) shall do so or, if they so default, the same may be convened by decision 
of the competent court upon request by such Noteholders in accordance with Article 2367, 
paragraph 2, of the Italian Civil Code. Every such meeting shall be held at such time and place as 
provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code and the By-laws of the Issuer in force 
from time to time. 
Such a meeting will be validly held (subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules 
and regulations of Italy in force from time to time) if (1) in the case of a first meeting, there are 
one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and (2) in the case of a second meeting, 
or any subsequent meeting following adjournment for want of quorum, there are one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one third of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes, provided however that Italian law and/or the Issuer's 
By-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under the applicable Italian law) provide for a 
higher quorum.  
The majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution will be (1) in case of a first meeting, 
more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (2) in case of 
a second meeting, or any subsequent meeting following an adjournment for want of quorum, one 
or more persons holding or representing Noteholders holding at least two thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting; provided, however, that: 
(A) certain proposals, as set out in Article 2415, paragraph 1, item (2) of the Italian Civil Code 
(including any proposal to modify the maturity of the Notes or the dates on which interest is 
payable on them, to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes or to 
change the currency of payment of the Notes, to change the quorum requirements relating to 
meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that a change 
made to comply with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy and/or the Issuer’s 
By-laws applicable to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution and in force at any time while the Notes remain outstanding does not 
constitute a reserved matter) (each, a “Reserved Matter”) may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders (including any adjourned meeting) 
by the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing Noteholders holding at least one 
half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and (ii) one or more persons 
holding or representing Noteholders holding at least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting; and (B) the Issuer's By-laws may in each 
case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for higher majorities, provided

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
further that no modification of the Notes falling within the scope of Condition 5 (Benchmark 
Replacement) shall be considered a Reserved Matter or otherwise a matter requiring Noteholder 
approval.  
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not they have voted 
on such Extraordinary Resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
(b) Noteholders’ Representative: Subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, a representative of 
the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ Representative”) is appointed 
pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders' interests 
under these Conditions and to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a meeting of such 
Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where 
the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of 
the directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a 
maximum period of three years, but may be reappointed again thereafter and shall have the 
powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code.  
(c) Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or if the amendment is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall only permit, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any 
failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
12. Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13. Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as those of a relevant Series of Notes 
(so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first 
issue date of the relevant Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14. Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext 
Dublin, on Euronext Dublin’s website (https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Notices will also be published by the Issuer (i) on its website and, (ii) to the extent required under 
mandatory provisions of Italian law and/or its By-laws, through other appropriate public 
announcements and/or regulatory filings. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15. Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order 
of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by 
any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall 
only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under 
the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to 
make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or 
Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer 
shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this 
Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate 
that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a 
separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or 
proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other 
judgment or order. 
16. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing law: The Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and the Agency Agreement, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law save that the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders, Noteholders’ Representative and Modifications) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. 
(b) Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the 
ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made 
for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the 
right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) Service of process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited of 
8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed 
on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If 
for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in 
London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Nothing shall 
affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
18. Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have 
the meanings set out below: 
The expression “acting in concert” means a group of Persons who, pursuant to an agreement or 
understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, either directly or indirectly, through 
the acquisition or holding of shares in the Issuer by any of them, to obtain or strengthen their control 
over the Issuer. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to a person (the “first person”), another person that, either directly or 
indirectly (through one or more intermediate persons):  
(i) 
controls or is controlled by the first person; or  
(ii) is under common control with the first person;  
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to occur if more than 50% of the voting rights exercisable at a 
general meeting of the Issuer is acquired by any Person or Persons (other than Reference Shareholders 
or a Public Entity acting in concert with any Reference Shareholder(s)) acting in concert. 
“Code” means U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Concession” means a concession, an authorisation or other statutory provision or an administrative 
instrument, whether or not documented in a contract, or similar arrangements, pursuant to which an 
entity is entrusted by one or more public national or local authorities or entities (including, but not 
limited to, ministries, provinces or municipalities) with the management of public services (servizi 
pubblici pursuant to Italian law) and/or public utility services/activities (servizi di pubblica utilità/opera 
di pubblica utilità pursuant to Italian law) including, without limitation, (i) waste management services 
(including, but not limited to, waste collection and treatment and municipal cleaning), (ii) integrated 
water services, (iii) gas distribution and supply (including, but not limited to, the provision of district 
heating and heat management), (iv) electricity generation and co-generation (including, but not limited 
to, distribution), and (v) the construction (if any), management and operation of related plants and 
similar facilities and services. 
“Concession Event” shall be deemed to occur if at any time: 
(i) 
one or more of the Concessions granted to the Issuer or to any of its Subsidiaries is terminated or 
revoked prior to the original stated termination date or otherwise expires at its original stated 
termination date(s) and has not been extended or renewed; and  
(ii) such Concession or Concessions, taken together, account for at least 30 per cent. of the Group's 
Revenues or Total Assets, in each case determined at any particular time by reference to the 
Group’s then latest audited consolidated annual financial statements,  
provided that the prorogatio regime to which a Concession may be subject between its scheduled 
expiry date and the extension, renewal or new award of such Concession will not constitute a 
Concession Event.  
“Consolidated Assets” means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, as 
reported in the most recently published audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
“Consolidated Revenues” means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total revenues of the 
Group, as reported in the most recently published audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer. 
“control” means, for the purposes of the definition of Public Entity: 
(i) 
in respect of a person which is a company or a corporation: 
(a) 
the acquisition and/or holding of more than 50 per cent. of the share capital of such 
person; or 
(b) 
the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, proxy, contract, agency or otherwise) 
to: 
(1) 
cast, or control the casting of, more than one-half of the maximum number of 
votes that might be cast at a shareholders’ or equivalent meeting of such person; 
or 
(2) 
appoint or remove all or a majority of the members of its board of directors (or 
other equivalent body) of such person; or 
(c) 
the ability to exercise dominant influence over such person or a company controlling 
such person, whether by reason of voting rights at a shareholders’ or equivalent meeting 
or by virtue of contractual relationships; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any other person (other than a company or a corporation), the possession, directly 
or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of 
such person, whether through the ownership of voting rights, by contract or otherwise, 
and the expressions “controlled” and “controlled by” shall be construed accordingly. 
“€” and “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and any of its Affiliates or successors carrying on the 
business of assigning credit ratings to persons in Italy. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan 
stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance 
or acceptance credit. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means any credit rating assigned by a Rating Agency which is, or is 
equivalent to, any of the following categories:  
(i) 
with respect to S&P and Fitch, from and including AAA to and including BBB-;  
(ii) 
with respect to Moody's, from and including Aaa to and including Baa3,  
or, in each case, any equivalent successor categories. 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer (1) which (consolidated with its 
own Subsidiaries, if any) accounts for 15 per cent. or more of the Group’s Consolidated Revenues or 
Consolidated Assets or (2) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material Subsidiary 
and, for these purposes:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(i) 
the Group’s Consolidated Revenues and Consolidated Assets will be determined by reference 
to its then latest audited consolidated annual financial statements (the “Relevant Consolidated 
Financial Statements”); and 
(ii) 
the total revenues or total assets of each Subsidiary will be determined by reference to the 
annual financial statements (whether or not audited) of such Subsidiary and those of its own 
Subsidiaries (if any), in each case upon which the Relevant Consolidated Financial Statements 
have been based; 
“Moody’s” means Moody's Italia S.r.l. and any of its Affiliates or successors carrying on the business of 
assigning credit ratings to persons in Italy. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(i) 
any lien arising by operation of law; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest in existence on the relevant Issue Date, provided that the principal 
amount secured by the Security Interest is not subsequently increased; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest securing any Project Finance Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created by a company which becomes a Material Subsidiary after the 
relevant Issue Date and where such Security Interest already existed at the time that company 
became a Subsidiary, provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of 
that company becoming a Subsidiary and the aggregate principal amount secured at the time 
of that company becoming a Subsidiary is not subsequently increased;  
(v) 
any Security Interest created in substitution of any security permitted under paragraphs (i) to 
(iv) above, provided that the principal amount secured by the substitute Security Interest does 
not exceed the principal amount secured by the initial Security Interest. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof where the relevant reorganisation relates to entities 
which are solvent at the time of such reorganisation, as provided below:  
(i) 
in the case of a Subsidiary, through any Relevant Transaction whereby, in any one transaction 
or series of transactions, all or substantially all of its assets and undertaking are transferred, 
sold, contributed, assigned to or vested in the Issuer or any other member of the Group or 
otherwise remain in such Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Issuer, through any Relevant Transaction whereby, in any one transaction or 
series of transactions, all or substantially all of its assets and undertaking are transferred, sold, 
contributed, assigned to, vested or otherwise remain in a body corporate in good standing 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include any Subsidiary) and the following conditions 
are met: 
(a) 
such body corporate or a Subsidiary of such body corporate continues to carry on all or 
substantially all of the business of the Issuer; 
(b) 
either (1) such body corporate assumes the obligations of the Issuer as principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes by operation of law or by entering into a deed poll or (2) such 
body corporate irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the Issuer’s payment 
obligations under the Notes by entering into a deed poll;  
(c) 
such body corporate enters into a supplemental agency agreement and such other 
documents (if any) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution of such body

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
corporate for the Issuer or, as the case may be, the giving of the guarantee by such body 
corporate (all such documents, together with the deed poll, the “Relevant Documents”);  
(d) 
such body corporate obtains opinions from legal advisers of recognised international 
standing as to matters of English law and the law of the jurisdiction of such body 
corporate, in each case in a form consistent with the standards of Eurobond transactions, 
confirming that (1) the Relevant Documents represent legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of such body corporate and (2) all actions, conditions and things 
required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure that such is the case (including any 
necessary approvals, consents, filings and/or registrations) have been taken, fulfilled and 
done, and such opinions are made available to Noteholders at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent; and 
(e) 
upon completion of such transaction, no Rating Event occurs or has occurred,  
and, following satisfaction of the above conditions: (1) where such body corporate assumes 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, all references to the “Issuer” in these Conditions 
shall be read as references to such body corporate whilst Alperia shall be released and 
discharged from all of its obligations under the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant; and (2) where such body corporate guarantees the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes all references in these Conditions to the “Issuer” shall, unless the context requires 
otherwise, be read as references to the Issuer and/or such body corporate. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
“Project” means the ownership, acquisition (in each case, in whole or in part), development, 
restructuring, leasing, maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets, including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Concessions and the equity participations in a company holding such assets or assets. 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any present or future Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
incurred to finance or refinance a Project where the recourse of the creditors thereof is limited to any 
or all of (a) the relevant Project (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Concession(s) or assets 
related thereto and the cash flows arising therefrom), (b) the share capital of, or other equity 
contribution to, the Person or Persons developing, financing or otherwise directly or indirectly involved 
in the relevant Project, (c) the proceeds deriving from the enforcement of any security taken over all 
or any part of the assets relating to the Project (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest or 
equity participations in the relevant Person or Persons holding, directly and/or indirectly, the relevant 
assets or Concession(s) and/or operating the relevant business) and (d) other credit support (including, 
without limitation, completion guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily provided in 
support of such indebtedness, provided that, for the purposes of Condition 10(c) (Cross-default), 
Project Finance Indebtedness shall not include sub-paragraph (d) above. 
“Public Entity” means any person directly or indirectly controlled by the Republic of Italy or by an Italian 
region, province or municipality. 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch. 
A “Rating Event” will be deemed to have occurred following the earlier of (i) a particular event (whether 
a Change of Control, a Concession Event, a Sale of Assets Event or a transaction that would otherwise 
constitute a Permitted Reorganisation) and (ii) a public announcement of that event or transaction (the 
“Initial Event”) if, at the time of the occurrence of the Initial Event: 
(i) 
the Notes carry from any Rating Agency an Investment Grade Rating and such rating from any 
Rating Agency is within 180 days of the occurrence of the Initial Event either downgraded 
below an Investment Grade Rating or withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating by such 
Rating Agency or (in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an Investment Grade Rating from 
any other Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
the Notes carry from any Rating Agency a rating that is not an Investment Grade Rating and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within 180 days of the occurrence of the Initial Event 
either downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) or 
withdrawn and is not within such 180-day period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) replaced by its earlier credit rating or better from any other Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
the Notes do not carry a credit rating and, within 90 days of the occurrence of the Initial Event 
no Rating Agency assigns an Investment Grade Rating to the Notes, 
and in making the relevant decision(s) referred to under (i) or (ii) above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in 
part, from the occurrence of the Initial Event. 
“Reference Shareholder” means any Italian municipality, province, region and/or consortium, or any 
consortium or company directly or indirectly controlled by Italian municipalities, provinces, regions 
and/or consortiums and, for the purposes of this definition, “consortium” means a consortium 
incorporated pursuant to Article 31 of Legislative Decree No. 267 of 18 August 2000, as amended. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices).  
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (1) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed 
or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the counter or other securities market, and (2) any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any indebtedness referred to under (1) above. 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which the Issuer or any successor to the Issuer following a Permitted 
Reorganisation, becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the 
Notes and Coupons. 
“Relevant Transaction” means (i) a “fusione” or “scissione” or any other, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, consolidation, demerger (whether in whole or in part) or other similar arrangement; (ii) a 
contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or any kind of disposal of assets 
or going concern; (iii) a purchase or exchange of assets or going concern, whether or not effected 
through a capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a contribution in kind; and/or (iv) a lease 
of assets or going concern. 
“Sale of Assets Event” shall be deemed to occur if at any time (i) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is 
required by applicable law and/or mandatory order by a competent authority to sell, transfer, 
contribute, assign or otherwise dispose of assets comprising the whole or a Substantial Part of the 
Group's business, or (ii) if such assets are expropriated (espropriati pursuant to Italian law) on the basis 
of an order of a public authority having jurisdiction over the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary.  
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and any of its Affiliates or successors carrying on the 
business of assigning credit ratings to persons in Italy.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the second Person is held by the 
first Person; or 
(ii) 
in which the first Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the first Person a dominant 
influence in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the second Person, 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 2359, paragraph 1, Nos. 1 and 2, and paragraph 2 of the Italian 
Civil Code.  
“Substantial Part” means a part of the relevant Person’s business which accounts for 30% or more of 
the Group’s Consolidated Assets and/or Consolidated Revenues. 
"Switch Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, where the 
Final Terms specify that the Issuer switch option is applicable, in respect of which the Issuer has duly 
given notice of exercise of the relevant Switch Option to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4(j) 
(Change of interest basis) and in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
“Switch Option Exercise Period(s)” means the period or periods specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, which period shall in any event end not less than 15 days prior to the relevant Switch Date. 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for the 
ICSDs (the “Common Depositary”), the ICSDs will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is 
a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of the ICSDs. The records of each ICSD will be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with the ICSDs held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the ICSDs or any other permitted clearing system 
(“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely 
to the ICSDs or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under 
the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of the ICSDs 
or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by 
such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange of Global Notes 
Temporary Global Note 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the TEFRA 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Subscription and 
Sale”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Delivery of Notes” below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of 
the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect 
such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” 
means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for which such Global Note may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not 
already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form 
set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
Exchange Date 
The “Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 
days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on 
which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in 
which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing 
system is located.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Amendment to Conditions 
Each Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Note contains provisions that apply to the Notes 
that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented 
by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further 
payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of 
the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such 
purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each 
Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in 
respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such 
payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be 
made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any 
failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation 
shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(g) (Non-business days).  
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 18 
(Definitions)). 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as 
having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions 
to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount 
of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon. 
Issuer’s options 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within 
the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial 
exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of 
accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Noteholders’ options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of 
which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the 
option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the 
Permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, 
for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) by stating in the 
notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note may elect for direct 
enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by 
the Issuer on 8 June 2023 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note in 
favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note as accountholders with a clearing 
system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note will become void as to the 
specified portion. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the 
Global Note, except that so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a securities market of Euronext 
Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, which will be one or more of the following: 
(i) 
for its general corporate purposes, which include inter alia making a profit and/or to refinance 
existing indebtedness;  
(ii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined below); and/or  
(iii) 
for such other purposes as are specified in the Final Terms. 
In relation to (ii) above, in accordance with the relevant definition criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green 
Financing Framework, only Tranches of Notes financing and/or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will 
be denominated “Green Bonds”. The Issuer’s Green Financing Framework is available on its website at: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/230526_GreenFinancingFramework_fina
l.pdf 
For these purposes: 
“Eligible Green Projects” means assets, investments and other related and supporting expenditures 
such as R&D, capital expenditures, operating expenditure related to improvement and maintenance 
related to one or more of the Eligible Green Category which contribute to environmental objectives, as 
further specified under the Green Financing Framework. 
“Eligible Green Category” means the following categories included in the GBP: 
- 
“Renewable energy”: 
- 
“Energy efficiency”; and 
- 
“Clean transportation”. 
“GBP” means the “Green Bond Principles” published by the International Capital Market Association 
in June 2021. 
The Green Financing Framework include the type of Eligible Green Projects (including the related 
activies) selected by the Issuer, the expected environmental benefits and contribution to UN-SDGs and, 
where applicable, related EU Taxonomy information. Furthermore, in accordance with the GBP, the 
Green Financing Framework contains, inter alia, a disclosure of the “Process for Project Evaluation and 
Selection”, the “Management of Proceeds” and the “Reporting”. 
DNV has reviewed the Green Financing Framework and issued the Green Financing Framework Second-
party Opinion, which is available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/sites/default/files/documents/DNV_Alperia%20SPO_final_26.05.2023.
pdf 
Neither the Green Financing Framework nor the Green Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are 
incorporated into, or form part of, the Base Prospectus. 
The Final Terms relating to the Notes qualifying as “Green Bonds” will specify (to the extent known at 
the relevant signing date) other details related to the Eligible Green Projects.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE ALPERIA GROUP 
Overview 
Alperia S.p.A. (“Alperia” or the “Issuer”) is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated 
under Italian law. Its registered office and principal place of business is at via Dodiciville 8, 39100 
Bolzano (Italy), and it is registered with the Companies’ Registry of Bolzano under No. 02858310218, 
Fiscal Code and VAT No. 02858310218. Alperia may be contacted by telephone on +39 0471 986 111, 
by fax on +39 0471 987 100 and by e-mail at alperia@pec.alperia.eu. 
Pursuant to its By-laws, Alperia’s term of incorporation is until 31 December 2050, subject to extension 
by way of a shareholders’ resolution.  
The corporate purpose of Alperia, which, as provided by its by-laws, may be attained also through 
subsidiaries or affiliates, includes, inter alia: (i) the production, import, export, transmission, 
processing, measurement, distribution and the purchase and sale of electrical energy produced from 
any source; (ii) the running and management of high-voltage power lines, including interconnection 
lines, and the relevant transformer substations; (iii) in the gas industry, the import and export, 
transport, transformation, storage, purchase, regasification, distribution and sale of natural gas and 
other hydrocarbons, and all measurement related activities, as well as the construction and running of 
gas pressure regulators, and the low, medium and high pressure pipelines of all the relevant connected 
plants; (iv) the design, construction and management of systems and transport support systems and 
services; (v) the promotion, dissemination and construction of works and plants powered by renewable 
energy and similar sources, including the running and maintenance thereof; (vi) the production, 
purchase, storage, distribution and sale of thermal energy; (vii) the purchase, the preliminary design, 
the design, the construction, the running and maintenance of energy production plants in general, 
cogeneration power plants, including district heating and heat plants for domestic and industrial use; 
(viii) supplies of “energy contracting”, heat management and “smart grid” integrated management 
services, including similar and related energy services; (ix) activities, supply of services, projects and 
consulting services in the fields of climate protection, energy saving and energy efficiency; (x) design, 
construction, development and management of telecommunications networks and systems. The 
corporate purpose of Alperia, insofar as permitted by law, includes the performance and supply of 
services in the fields of engineering and project management and the activities set forth by article 90, 
paragraph 2, letter b), of Legislative Decree no. 163 dated 12 April 2006, which may be carried out also 
through subsidiaries or affiliates.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Alperia has a share capital of Euro 750,000,000 divided into 
750,000,000 shares having a nominal value of Euro 1.00 each. For further information on voting and 
administrative rights attached to Alperia’s shares see “Shareholders’ structure - Rights attached to 
Alperia’s shares” below. 
Alperia is the parent company of the group consisting of Alperia and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(collectively, the “Alperia Group”), which provides integrated multi-utility services, mainly in the 
Autonomous Province of Bolzano in the north-east of Italy (Provincia Autonoma di Bolzano or “PAB”, 
also known as Alto Adige or South Tyrol). In particular, the Alperia Group operates in the following 
sectors: electricity (production, distribution, sale and (until completion of the disposal of the entire 
corporate capital of Edyna Transmission (as defined below)) transmission); heating (production, 
distribution and sale); gas (distribution and sale); renewable energy sources; and engineering. The 
Alperia Group also provides other public utility services which include facility management and energy 
efficiency. Certain of such services, businesses and/or activities (i.e. electricity distribution and 
transmission, gas distribution and hydroelectric power systems) require specific authorisations, 
concessions, licences or similar arrangements with public authorities.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Alperia Group’s main numbers as at 31 December 2022 include, inter alia, 35 hydroelectric power 
stations operated in South Tyrol, seven district heating plants, 9,199 Km extent of electricity grid and 
380,914 customers to whom it supply energy.  
For further information on the business of the Alperia Group, see “Business of the Alperia Group” below 
(including, inter alia, “– Concessions” dealing with the activities depending on authorisations, 
concessions, licences or similar arrangements with public authorities) whilst for information on the 
regulatory framework, see also “Regulation” below. 
History  
Incorporation of the Issuer 
Alperia was originally incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata or 
S.r.l.) on 17 December 2014 and, prior to its transformation into a company limited by shares (società 
per azioni or S.p.A.), its company name was O.9 S.r.l. (“O.9”). 
Alperia in its current form is the result of the merger by incorporation of Azienda Energetica S.p.A. – 
Etschwerke AG (“AEW”) and Società Elettrica Altoatesina per azioni (“SEL”) into O.9, which took effect 
from 1 January 2016 (the “AEW-SEL Merger”). Concurrently with the AEW-SEL Merger, O.9 was 
transformed into an S.p.A. and renamed “Alperia S.p.A.”. 
AEW 
AEW was incorporated through a deed of association dated 4 March 1897 as a consorzio and 
subsequently transformed into a joint stock company with a majority public shareholding (società per 
azioni a prevalente capitale pubblico). Prior to the AEW-SEL Merger, AEW was one of the leading multi-
utility companies providing public utility services (electricity, gas and district heating) operating in Alto 
Adige (in particular, in the municipalities of Bolzano and Merano). AEW had a focus on sustainable 
development and its electricity production was mainly based on hydropower energy. 
SEL  
Incorporated in 2001 as a joint stock company limited by shares (società per azioni), SEL started to 
operate and manage the Glorenza and Castelbello hydroelectric stations in the Val Venosta area and, 
from 2011, additional energy facilities in Alto Adige which were previously operated by other entities. 
Prior to the AEW-SEL Merger, SEL was one of the leading multi-utility companies providing public utility 
services (electricity, gas and district heating) operating in Alto Adige (including the municipalities of 
Bolzano and Merano). SEL had a focus on sustainable development with electricity production mainly 
using hydropower, and heat production using waste heat, biomass and natural gas cogeneration. 
AEW-SEL Merger 
In 2015, O.9 was involved in an industrial reorganisation and consolidation process affecting AEW, SEL 
and their respective subsidiaries. Involving a series of extraordinary transactions, this process was 
aimed at creating a single industrial entity operating mainly in the local area in the electricity, district 
heating and gas sectors, with sufficient critical mass to compete successfully in the increasingly 
deregulated Italian utilities sector, able to develop industrial synergies, post-merger cost rationalisation 
and become a hub for further expansion in the domestic market. 
The AEW-SEL Merger was approved by the shareholders’ meetings of SEL, AEW and O.9 on 13 May 
2015, following which the deed of merger was entered into on 21 December 2015, providing for, inter 
alia, (i) the merger by way of incorporation of AEW and SEL into O.9, and (ii) the increase in the capital 
of O.9 to Euro 750,000,000, which was allocated as follows: (i) to the Municipality of Bolzano, Euro 
157,500,000 representing a stake of 21%; (ii) to the Municipality of Merano, Euro 157,500,000, 
representing a stake of 21%; (iii) to the PAB, Euro 408,380,656, representing a stake of 54.45%; and (iv) 
to Selfin S.r.l. (“Selfin”), a holding company owned by local authorities in Alto Adige, Euro 26,619,344,

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
representing a stake of 3.55%. In addition, as previously mentioned, O.9 changed its name to “Alperia 
S.p.A.”. The Italian Antitrust Authority cleared the AEW-SEL Merger subject to certain conditions, 
including business transfers and other divestments, all of which were complied with.  
Following the AEW-SEL Merger, in 2016-17 the Group implemented a comprehensive reorganisation 
plan with the objective of making Alperia, as holding company, responsible for establishment the 
strategic guidelines and management policies of the Alperia Group, allocating resources and 
coordinating the various business segments.  
Recent corporate reorganisations and M&A transactions 
Reorganisation of the Smart Region BU  
On 1 January 2022, the reorganisation of the Smart Region BU (as defined below) became effective, 
the aim of which was to create synergies and efficiencies, in particular through (i) the creation of a 
single product company; (ii) the centralisation of staff personnel at the parent company level; and (iii) 
the strengthening of the concept of a single sales company. 
In this context and for these purposes, the following operations took place: 
• 
the sale of the “IoT” company branch (ramo d’azienda) from Alperia Fiber S.r.l. to Gruppo Green 
Power S.r.l.;  
• 
the merger by way of incorporation of Alperia Fiber S.r.l. into Alperia Greenpower S.r.l. (“Alperia 
Greenpower”); 
• 
the transfer of the “Smart Region” company branch (ramo d’azienda) from Alperia Bartucci S.r.l. 
(“Alperia Bartucci”) to Gruppo Green Power S.r.l., whose company name was changed to Alperia 
Green Future S.r.l. (“Alperia Green Future”); and 
• 
the merger by way of incorporation of Alperia Bartucci into Alperia.  
As a result, starting from 1 January 2022, Alperia Green Future became operational, with its activities 
focused on four main areas, which also represent strategic development factors for businesses and 
local communities: (i) energy requalification of buildings (in particular, the company acts as general 
contractor in the development of energy efficiency projects for buildings); (ii) strategic consulting for 
companies (i.e., high-level consulting aimed at defining a decarbonisation strategy for companies or 
public bodies); (iii) energy performance contracts, in which Alperia Green Future supports investments 
in energy efficiency and/or decarbonisation projects and then shares the benefits obtained with the 
end customers); and (iv) artificial intelligence (such as “sybil solutions”, patented application that, in a 
predictive manner, are able to optimise complex production processes, climate control systems of 
buildings and consumptions). 
Reorganisation of the Sales & Trading BU 
In 2022 the Sales & Trading BU (as defined below) was divided, with effect from January 2023, into two 
separate business units: the sales business unit and the trading business unit. The activities within the 
“new” sales business unit were reorganised and the related responsibilities were reassigned with the 
appointment of the new chief executive officer of Alperia Smart Services S.r.l. a company of the Alperia 
Group already operating in the sale of heat in South Tyrol (“Alperia Smart Services”). 
Acquisition of Fintel Gas e Luce S.r.l. and Fintel Reti S.r.l. and subsequent merger 
On 5 January 2022 the Issuer acquired a 90% stake in Fintel Gas e Luce S.r.l. (“Fintel GL”) and Fintel Reti 
S.r.l. (“Fintel Reti”), both based in Pollenza (Macerata). Fintel GL operates in the sale of gas and 
electricity, while Fintel Reti is involved in the management of the commercial network used by Fintel 
GL. Alperia has a call option over the remaining quotas of Fintel GL and Fintel Reti, which may be 
exercised on the earlier of: (i) full payment of any maximum amount envisaged as an earn-out and (ii)

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
approval of the financial statements of the companies for the 2024 financial year. If Alperia does not 
purchase the remaining quotas, the seller may exercise a put option over the stake held by the Issuer.  
The acquisition of Fintel GL and Fintel Reti was designed to enable the Alperia Group to increase sales 
outlets and retail and small business customers in the Lombardy Region and the centre of Italy. 
Furthermore, it is expected that this transaction will allow the Alperia Group to expand its portfolio 
with around 30,000 customers mainly concentrated on the residential market (domestic customers and 
customers with VAT numbers) and of the commercial network consisting of 12 directly managed 
branches, three branches managed by agencies and 25 corner outlets. 
Subsequently, by a deed dated 21 September 2022, Fintel Reti merged by way of incorporation into 
Fintel GL, taking effect for accounting and tax purposes from 1 October 2022. 
Acquisition of Alperia SUM S.p.A. and subsequent merger 
On 30 May 2022, following the exercise of a put option by SI S.r.l. and Iniziative Unindustria S.r.l., the 
two minority shareholders of Alperia SUM S.p.A. (“Alperia SUM”), the Issuer acquired a 30% stake in 
Alperia SUM at a price made up of a fixed component paid at signing and a variable component to be 
paid by 31 December 2024 if the applicable conditions are satisfied. As a result, Alperia SUM became 
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer.  
Subsequently, Alperia SUM was merged by way of incorporation into Alperia Smart Services, a Group 
company operating in the sale of heat in South Tyrol, with the aim of rationalising and simplifying the 
structure of the Alperia Group, with consequent cost savings and operating synergies. The merger was 
completed on 1 August 2022, with retroactive effect from an accounting and tax point of view from 1 
January 2022. 
Purchase/sale of company branches by/from Alperia Ecoplus S.r.l. 
With effect from 1 September 2022, Alperia Ecoplus S.r.l. (“Alperia Ecoplus”) acquired the Municipality 
of Verano’s district heating business comprising, in addition to the plant (which produces 
approximately 2 GWht), the heat distribution network (approximately 4 km long) and all the technical 
systems necessary for operating, as well as supply contracts with end customers (approximately 110 
customers).  
Lease of company branch (ramo d’azienda) by Edyna S.r.l. 
On 14 December 2022, Edyna S.r.l. (“Edyna”) and the Municipality of Tires entered into an agreement 
for a business lease relating to the municipality’s electricity distribution network. With effect from 1 
January 2023, Edyna became responsible for the ordinary and extraordinary management of the 
network (about 57 kilometres long with 22 transformation stations). In agreement with the 
Municipality of Tires, which remains the owner of the network, Edyna performs all activities necessary 
for improvements to, the maintenance and resilience of the distribution infrastructure. With effect 
from 1 January 2023, users connected to the electricity network supplied under the enhanced 
protection scheme (servizio di maggior tutela) (numbering about 700 customers) were switched to 
Alperia Smart Services, a sales company already carrying out the same service and in the same group 
as Edyna. The business lease agreement has a duration of five years, automatically renewable for three 
more years unless one of the parties gives notice to terminate. 
Disposal of Edyna Transmission S.r.l. 
In 2021 Alperia started discussions with Terna S.p.A., operator of Italy’s national grid (“Terna”), for the 
sale of the shares held by Alperia in Edyna Transmission S.r.l. (“Edyna Transmission”), owner of a 
portion of the electricity transmission network. In order to improve the safety and efficient functioning 
of the national electricity transmission network, ARERA established mechanisms aimed at promoting 
the complete unification of the grid. In particular, ARERA envisaged, inter alia, the downwards revision

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
of the remuneration of costs relating to the networks of owners of portions of the national transmission 
grid, in particular, of owners other than Terna. 
Edyna Transmission was the last operator in Italy to own a portion of the national transmission network. 
Therefore, Alperia entered into an agreement with Terna on 29 December 2022 for the sale of 100% of 
the capital of Edyna Transmission, having previously agreed with Terna on an appropriate collaboration 
with the local distributor Edyna and a commitment to make investments in the area. The total value of 
the transaction was just under Euro 14 million. 
The conditions precedent set out under the transfer agreement for completing the disposal must be 
met by 30 September 2023, otherwise the agreement will be terminated and the disposal will not take 
place. Such conditions precedent include, inter alia, the release by the presidency of the Council of 
Ministers of a clearance, if applicable, pursuant to Law No. 56 of 11 May 2012, as amended (the so-
called “Golden Power” provisions). 
Mission and Values 
The mission of the Alperia Group, deeply connected with the surrounding nature, is to be a driving 
force for change, raising awareness on sustainability, climate change, clean, green and renewable 
energy. Indeed, from the beginning of its history, nature was the principal driver of the Alperia Group 
which over 120 years ago started harnessing the power of nature to produce renewable energy in the 
first hydroelectric power plant in South Tyrol. 
The Alperia Group considers the energy transition an urgent matter that can no longer be postponed. 
To support rethinking of energy supply and reviewing of consumption habits, the Alperia Group is 
developing innovative technological solutions aimed at achieving a smarter and greener environment.  
The values that guide the Alperia Group are the following.  
• 
Sustainability: sustainability is the foundation of the Alperia Group’s business strategy. The 
Alperia Group’s commitment is to act according to principles of environmental and social 
responsibility and economic efficiency, creating added value for the territories in which it 
operates. In particular, among its most immediate objectives the Alperia Group aims to achieve 
carbon neutrality by 2024, by implementing a series of measures that will wipe out its carbon 
footprint. For further information see “- Sustainability” below. 
• 
Reliability: reliability for customers, suppliers, partners and other counterparties is one of the 
most important qualities the Alperia Group cares about. To this end, the Alperia Group enters 
into transparent contracts with its counterparties and hires staff always ready to provide the best 
assistance. The Italian consumer association Altroconsumo recognised the Alperia Group as a 
“recommended provider of electricity and gas in Italy”. 
• 
Transparency: the Alperia Group relationships are based on the principles of honesty, fairness, 
moral integrity, equity and mutual respect. To this end, the Alperia Group regularly holds 
meetings with its stakeholders, such as customers, collaborators and the representatives of the 
territories in which the Alperia Group operates. 
• 
Dynamism: mindful of new technological possibilities, to face challenges with strength and 
enthusiasm the Alperia Group implements business models that promote the use of energy from 
renewable sources. With the purpose of being a “leader of change”, the Alperia Group is strongly 
committed to the energy transition and to research and development projects. 
Strategy 
On 27 October 2022, the Management Board of Alperia approved the 2023-2027 business plan (the 
“2023-2027 Business Plan”) and a document entitled “Vision 2031”, both of which were then approved 
by the Supervisory Board on 2 December 2022. The 2023-2027 Business Plan and “Vision 2031”

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
constitute together the new strategic plan of the Alperia Group, which combines effective management 
of social and environmental impact issues with the significant growth of all the business units. The two 
mail goals of the Alperia Group are sustainability (with the aim of reaching net zero by 2040) and 
integrated positioning along the energy value chain.  
The Alperia Group has identified the following three strategic pillars. 
• 
Sustainability: Alperia’s priorities are reducing emissions in line with territorial objectives, 
generating added value to the territory, adopting inclusion, equity & diversity policies and 
creating an integrated governance model to obtain an ESG rating. For further information see “- 
Sustainability” below. 
• 
Consolidation: Alperia intends to strengthen its business in South Tyrol and in all the territories 
it currently serves. 
• 
Innovation: Alperia intends to develop its business in line with the energy transition. To this end, 
Alperia aims at transforming the value proposition of commodity sales and services to follow 
sustainable and customer-centric principles. In general, Alperia intends to pursue widespread 
innovation in its core business and develop new businesses for decarbonisation (such as H2, 
biomethane and energetic communities (so-called CER – comunità energetiche) and 
photovoltaics).  
The concept of customer-centricity is a key approach for Alperia, along all its activities, first and 
foremost in the design of product and services. Alperia follows such a value proposition to bring value 
to its customers and leveraging a maximum of synergies. In addition, all innovations activities are being 
evaluated within the customer centricity value frame aimed at further improving customer experience. 
In brief, the 2023-2027 Business Plan envisages: 
• 
Euro 1 billion of total investments by 2027, with considerable focus on economic and social 
impacts across local territories, of which approximately Euro 650 million of investments in the 
Alperia Group’s traditional sectors (hydroelectric generation, distribution and district heating); 
• 
EBITDA growth;  
• 
growth focused on energy transition and customers with the energy refurbishment of buildings 
for approximately Euro 450 million and the activation of 428 energy communities by the end of 
the 2023-2027 Business Plan; and 
• 
a reduction in CO2 emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3) of 46% by 2027, 70% by 2031 and 90% by 2040, 
in each case compared to 2021. 
Structure of the Alperia Group 
The following organisational chart illustrates the structure of the Alperia Group as at 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
Srl 
Generation of electricity 
Centrale Elettrica  
Moso 
Società consortile arl 
Generation of electricity 
Azienda Elettrica  
Campo Tures 
Società consortile arl 
Generation of electricity 
SF Energy 
Srl 
Ingegneria e innovazione 
Engineering and  
consultancy 
Energy efficiency 
Production of electricity 
Production of electricity 
Alperia Innoveering 
Srl 
Art 
Srl 
JPE 2010 
Società consortile arl 
(in liquidation) 
Alpen 2.0 
Srl 
Balma 
Srl 
Generation of electricity 
Enerpass 
Società consortile arl 
Generation of electricity 
Alperia Vipower 
SpA 
Ricerca e sviluppo  
settore idrogeno 
IIT Bolzano 
Società consortile arl 
Research and development  
in the bio-combustible sector 
Bio.Te.Ma 
Srl 
(in liquidation) 
Production of electricity  
from biomass 
Biopower Sardegna 
Srl 
Sales of commodities  
and services 
Trading of commodities 
Engineering and  
consultancy 
Alperia Smart Services 
Srl 
Alperia Trading 
Srl 
Hydrodata 
SpA 
Distribution of electricity 
Edyna 
Srl 
District heating 
Alperia Ecoplus 
Srl 
District heating 
Teleriscaldamento  
Silandro 
Srl 
Regasification 
Medgas Italia 
Srl 
Regasification 
LNG MedGas Terminal 
Srl 
Transmission of  
electricity 
Edyna Transmission 
Srl 
Telekommunikation 
Alperia Fiber 
GmbH 
Energy efficiency 
Alperia Green Future 
Srl 
E-Mobility 
Neogy 
Srl 
Call center services 
Bluepower  
Connection 
Srl 
(in liquidation) 
Solar plant maintenance 
Solar Total Italia 
Srl 
Servizi e-health 
Care4U 
Srl 
E-health services 
Care4U 
Srl 
Fintel Gas e Luce 
Srl 
Sales of commodities  
and services 
Participation held indirectly 
GENERATION 
HEAT & SERVICES 
SALES 
TRADING 
NETWORKS 
SMART REGION 
Alperia Greenpower 
Srl 
HOLDING 
Engineering and  
innovation 
Alperia Innoveering 
Srl 
Research and development  
in the hydrogen sector 
IIT Bolzano 
Società consortile arl 
76,1% 
50% 
100% 
100% 
25% 
49% 
34% 
29,22% 
11,43% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
90% 
47,68% 
50,51% 
50% 
100% 
100% 
49% 
9,61% 
100% 
2,9% 
5% 
42,86% 
50% 
100% 
100% 
24,7% 
99% 
30.04.2023 

46,38% Autonomous Province of Bolzano

21% Municipality of Bolzano

21% Municipality of Merano

11,62% Selfin Srl
 
Generation of electricity

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
Business of the Alperia Group  
Business units as at 31 December 2022 and related revenues 
The Alperia Group’s activities as at 31 December 2022 were organised through the following business 
units.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The table and chart below provide breakdowns according to business unit of the Alperia Group’s 
revenues for the year ended 31 December 2022.  
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2022 
Total revenues and other earnings 
(millions of Euro) 
Generation 
170.7 
 
174.4 
Distribution 
113.1 
 
107.5 
Sales & Trading 
1,895.3 
 
3,446.6 
Heat & Services 
98.6 
 
130.9 
Smart Region 
54.5 
 
123.2 
Elision* 
- 249.4 
 
- 344.8 
Total 
2,082.8 
 
3,637.8 
__________________ 
*  “Elision” is a process through which the parent company removes the transactions between the subsidiaries of the group.  
 
 
Generation 
Trading 
Networks 
Heat & 
Services 
Smart 
Region 
Sales

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
Note: The pie chart does not include the value of Elisions.  
 
Generation business unit 
The generation business unit (“Generation BU”) relates to production of electricity through the use of 
renewable sources (such as wind, solar and water) and is the Group’s main business unit in terms of 
margins and invested capital.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group is one of the major Italian hydroelectric power 
producers with 35 plants and over 1,400 MW of capacity. In 2022, the Alperia Group's hydroelectric 
power production amounted to approximately 2.9 GWh, representing a significant decrease (-27%) 
compared to the previous year, mainly due to lower rainfall in the western and southern parts of South 
Tyrol, with a 30% shortfall compared to the long-term average. Overall, the winter of 2021/2022 was 
significantly dry, with rainfall and snowfall (and therefore the consequential snow thaw) between 1/3 
and 1/2 of the average for that time of year. By contrast, photovoltaic production in 2022 recorded 
substantially the same value as 2021 and stood at approximately 0.3 GWh.  
The main hydropower plants of the Alperia Group are the following. 
• 
The Cardano hydropower plant is a historical run-of-river hydropower plant and is the largest in 
the Province of Bolzano with an average year production of 653 GWh. The five Francis-turbine 
production units of such plant are currently in the final stage of revamping.  
• 
The Lasa hydropower plant has an average year production of 216 GWh. The plant has been 
recently renovated with the aim of facing the challenges linked to the regulation and stability of 
electricity grids, thereby contributing to the energy transition. 
• 
The San Pancrazio hydropower plant has an average year production of 97 GWh. The plant is 
served by a large lake that helps to optimise the entire area and has recently been renewed, 
4.4%
86.5%
2.7% 
3.3% 
3.1% 
Generation
Sales and Trading 
Distribution
Smart Region
Energy Services

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
while the penstock is being replaced. This plant is enabled to grid regulation and energy 
dispatching services.  
EBITDA attributable to the Generation BU amounted to Euro 57.7 million in 2022 compared to Euro 
60.4 million in 2021. For further information on the so-called “industrial EBITDA” attributable to the 
Generation BU, see “– Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by Business Unit” below. 
Sales & trading business unit 
The sales & trading business unit (“Sales & Trading BU”) relates to wholesale and retail sale and trading 
of electricity, natural gas, heat and other products and services made by the Alperia Group’s 
companies.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022 the companies of the Alperia Group sold electricity and gas to 
more than 380,000 clients. In 2022 the sale of electricity on a wholesale basis decreased by 
approximately 47% compared to 2021, whilst sales to end customers increased slightly by 
approximately 3% compared to the previous year. The sale of natural gas (including resellers) amounted 
to approximately 503 million cubic metres, slightly up from approximately 498 million cubic metres in 
2021. 
On 21 February 2022, the capacity market auction organised by Terna S.p.A. for the 2024 delivery year 
took place. Through such competitive bidding Terna S.p.A. allocated, with regard to national capacity, 
34.2 GW of existing capacity, 1.5 GW of authorised new capacity and 2.3 GW of unauthorised new 
capacity to operators which must offer capacity on the energy and services markets and, in turn, have 
the right to receive an annual fixed premium from Terna S.p.A., paying back to Terna S.p.A. the 
difference, if positive, between the price of the electricity realised on the energy and services markets 
and the strike price defined by ARERA. The valuation premium was, in all national areas, Euro 33 
thousand/MW/year for existing capacity and Euro 70 thousand/MW/year for newly authorised 
capacity; for new, unauthorised capacity, the valuation premium was – for the Northern zone – about 
Euro 48 thousand/MW/year. Alperia Trading S.r.l., taking part in the auction with the Group's own 
plants, was awarded 632 MW of existing capacity, corresponding to revenues of Euro 20.8 million, and 
22 MW of new unauthorised capacity related to the refurbishment of the San Pancrazio plant, which 
corresponds to revenues of Euro 15.8 million spread over a 15-year period. 
EBITDA attributable to the Sales & Trading BU amounted to Euro 150.8 million in 2022 compared to 
Euro 142.2 million in 2021. For further information on the so-called “industrial EBITDA” attributable to 
the Sales & Trading BU, see “– Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by Business Unit” below. 
With effect from 1 January 2023, the Sales & Trading BU has been divided into two separate business 
units, namely the sales business unit (“Sales BU”) and the trading business unit (“Trading BU”).  
Network business unit 
The network business unit (“Network BU”) relates to distribution and transmission of electricity, 
natural gas distribution and the related technical-operational management of distribution networks 
and connections. 
The Alperia Group's electricity distribution network is over 9,199 kilometres long and is composed of 
high, medium and low voltage networks distributing over 2.6 TWh. Edyna, the Group’s distribution 
company, is one of the first operators to have introduced new generation meters in Italy. 
EBITDA attributable to the Network BU amounted to Euro 39.0 million in 2022, increased compared to 
Euro 33.2 million in 2021. For further information on the so-called “industrial EBITDA” attributable to 
the Network BU, see “– Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by Business Unit” below. 
With respect to transmission of electricity, on 29 December 2022 Alperia entered into an agreement 
with Terna S.p.A. for the sale of 100% of the quota capital of Edyna Transmission, the company carrying

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
out the Alperia Group’s electricity transmission activity. See “– Recent corporate reorganisations and 
M&A transactions – Disposal of Edyna Transmission S.r.l.” above. Upon completion of the disposal, 
which is expected to occur by 30 September 2023, the Alperia Group will no longer carry out electricity 
transmission activities.  
Heat & services business unit 
The heat & services business unit (“Heat & Services BU”) relates to the production of electricity and 
heat by cogeneration and biomass plants, and the production of electricity by a power plant running 
on palm oil. 
Alperia operates seven district heating plants in South Tyrol, including plants in the municipalities of 
Bolzano and Merano, and provides district heating services to several municipalities in Alto Adige. The 
development of a network of more than 125 km guarantees the supply of a quarter of the thermal 
energy produced in South Tyrol. Alperia Ecoplus is one of the major national operators with 
approximately 234 GWht produced and distributed.  
Bolzano's district heating is in continuous development: during the second part of June 2022, work 
began on the new phase of expanding the network in via Palermo. The works, carried out in two 
separate lots, were completed by September 2022. The further expansion is expected to make it 
possible to connect a significantly greater number of public and private buildings to district heating and 
to use the waste heat from the Bolzano waste-to-energy plant even more efficiently. In this way it will 
be possible to further reduce the consumption of fossil energy sources and CO2 emissions in the South 
Tyrol capital. An additional third lot is expected be completed in 2023 and will see the network expand 
along via Dalmazia as far as via Rovigo and viale Europa. 
As regards district heating in Merano, the new biomass plant, located in southern Merano near the 
helipad, began to operate on a temporary basis in February 2022, and was then commissioned in full. 
The plant, with a capacity of 8 MW and an annual output of 27 GWht, is expected to cover about 30% 
of the thermal energy needs of Merano's district heating network, thus saving 3 million cubic metres 
of methane gas per year and avoiding carbon dioxide emissions of 5,800 tonnes.  
In November 2021, Alperia Ecoplus submitted a definitive proposal for a public-private partnership 
(“PPP”), to supply energy carriers (steam, hot water and electricity) for the S. Maurizio Hospital of 
Bolzano, to the South Tyrol Health Authority and the Agency for procedures and supervision of public 
contracts for works, services and supplies of the Autonomous Province of Bolzano. The construction of 
a cogeneration plant within an area already owned by Alperia Ecoplus is functional to this supply. The 
tender took place in October/November 2022 and was awarded to Alperia Ecoplus on 9 January 2023. 
In 2022 production of electricity from cogeneration by the Alperia Group amounted to approximately 
59 GWh whilst production from biomass amounted approximately to 248 GWh. Overall in 2022 the 
Alperia Group’s production from cogeneration and biomass decreased of approximately 2% compared 
to 2021. 
EBITDA attributable to the Heat & Services BU amounted to Euro 14.4 million, slightly increasing 
compared to Euro 14.1 million in 2021. For further information on the so-called “industrial EBITDA” 
attributable to the Heat & Services BU, see “– Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by Business Unit” 
below. 
“Smart Region” business unit 
The “Smart Region” business unit (“Smart Region BU”) relates to smart land areas, photovoltaics and 
energy efficiency and promotes energy transition through high-tech solutions and applications for 
companies, cities and citizens, strengthening its position in industries, small and medium enterprises, 
condominiums, the Public Administration and healthcare. It also relates to promotion of green mobility.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Most of these activities are carried out by the subsidiary Alperia Green Future and another significant 
subsidiary is Care4u S.r.l., which is active in smart health solutions. 
In the Smart Region BU important initiatives have been developed to supply offers at the forefront of 
market trends. Domestic efficiency incentives (such as the 110% superbonus tax relief scheme) have 
already generated considerable market returns with significant growth in the portfolio of 
opportunities.  
In particular, the business unit intends to focus on several initiatives including (i) building efficiency 
improvements (including thermal insulation); (ii) growth of the business linked to the Public 
Administration, with the PPP model (hospitals, airports, trade fairs, municipalities, rest homes, 
residential building associations); (iii) innovative energy efficiency solutions based on algorithms, data 
analysis and artificial intelligence; (iv) continuation of the development of smart health and smart city 
solutions; (v) being a key player on the Italian market in the management of photovoltaics, capable of 
ranging from the residential to the industrial sector; (vi) continuing the development of sustainable 
mobility (electric and hydrogen) both for the infrastructure of the territory and for the development of 
innovative commercial solutions; (vii) being a benchmark operator in the area for the development of 
distributed self-consumption solutions – energy communities; and (viii) providing support for the 
construction of biomethane production plants. 
EBITDA attributable to the Smart Region BU amounted to Euro 10.2 million in 2022, representing a 
significant increase compared to Euro 0.7 million in 2021. For further information on the so-called 
“industrial EBITDA” attributable to the Smart Region BU, see “– Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by 
Business Unit” below. 
Breakdown of “Industrial EBITDA” by Business Unit 
The “industrial EBITDA” attributes the margins to the Business Unit that has produced the products 
then generating such margins on the basis of internal analysis of the Issuer as opposed to the evidence 
derived from the statutory financial statements.  
In particular, whilst from a financial statements perspective the EBITDA deriving from the sale of 
hydroelectric energy is attributable to the Sales & Trading BU which acquires such energy at a 
predetermined price from the Generation Business Unit, from the industrial perspective marginality is 
attributable to the Generation BU which produced such product/energy.  
Similarly, margins from the sale of heat to end customers from a financial statements perspective is 
attributable to the Sales & Trading BU whilst from the industrial point of view, this marginality is 
transferred to the Heat & Services BU. 
Set forth below are the data of “Industrial EBITDA” attributable to each Business Unit.  
• 
Generation BU: Euro 262.6 million in 2022 compared to Euro 204.9 million in 2021.  
• 
Sales & Trading BU: Euro -54.1 million in 2022 compared to Euro -5.2 million in 2021.  
• 
Network BU: Euro 39.0 million in 2022 compared to Euro 33.2 million in 2021. 
• 
Heat & Services BU: Euro 14.3 million in 2022 compared to Euro 17.0 million in 2021. 
• 
Smart Region BU: Euro 10.2 million in 2022, significantly increasing compared to Euro 0.7 million 
in 2021.  
EBITDA generated by regulated and semi-regulated activities 
The EBITDA generated by regulated and semi-regulated activities in 2022 amounted to 28% of the 
Group’s consolidated EBITDA. Such data includes the margins arising from: (i) the Networks BU (seen

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
from an industrial perspective – i.e., “industrial EBITDA”); (ii) the Heat & Services BU (seen from an 
industrial perspective – i.e., “industrial EBITDA”); (iii) the sale of incentive tariffs (RES-qualified plants 
and feed-in tariffs) recognised for hydroelectric production and photovoltaic production; (iv) energy 
efficiency titles; and (v) fees recognised for the capacity market.  
Current structure of the Alperia Group and new business units structure as from 1 January 2023 
As disclosed in paragraph “- Business units as at 31 December 2022 and related revenues – Sales & 
trading business unit” above, with effect from 1 January 2023 the Sales & Trading BU has been divided 
into two separate business units, namely the Sales BU and the Trading BU.  
The chart below shows the structure of the Alperia Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
Srl 
Generation of electricity 
Centrale Elettrica  
Moso 
Società consortile arl 
Generation of electricity 
Azienda Elettrica  
Campo Tures 
Società consortile arl 
Generation of electricity 
SF Energy 
Srl 
Ingegneria e innovazione 
Engineering and  
consultancy 
Energy efficiency 
Production of electricity 
Production of electricity 
Alperia Innoveering 
Srl 
Art 
Srl 
JPE 2010 
Società consortile arl 
(in liquidation) 
Alpen 2.0 
Srl 
Balma 
Srl 
Generation of electricity 
Enerpass 
Società consortile arl 
Generation of electricity 
Alperia Vipower 
SpA 
Ricerca e sviluppo  
settore idrogeno 
IIT Bolzano 
Società consortile arl 
Research and development  
in the bio-combustible sector 
Bio.Te.Ma 
Srl 
(in liquidation) 
Production of electricity  
from biomass 
Biopower Sardegna 
Srl 
Sales of commodities  
and services 
Trading of commodities 
Engineering and  
consultancy 
Alperia Smart Services 
Srl 
Alperia Trading 
Srl 
Hydrodata 
SpA 
Distribution of electricity 
Edyna 
Srl 
District heating 
Alperia Ecoplus 
Srl 
District heating 
Teleriscaldamento  
Silandro 
Srl 
Regasification 
Medgas Italia 
Srl 
Regasification 
LNG MedGas Terminal 
Srl 
Transmission of  
electricity 
Edyna Transmission 
Srl 
Telekommunikation 
Alperia Fiber 
GmbH 
Energy efficiency 
Alperia Green Future 
Srl 
E-Mobility 
Neogy 
Srl 
Call center services 
Bluepower  
Connection 
Srl 
(in liquidation) 
Solar plant maintenance 
Solar Total Italia 
Srl 
Servizi e-health 
Care4U 
Srl 
E-health services 
Care4U 
Srl 
Fintel Gas e Luce 
Srl 
Sales of commodities  
and services 
Participation held indirectly 
GENERATION 
HEAT & SERVICES 
SALES 
TRADING 
NETWORKS 
SMART REGION 
Alperia Greenpower 
Srl 
HOLDING 
Engineering and  
innovation 
Alperia Innoveering 
Srl 
Research and development  
in the hydrogen sector 
IIT Bolzano 
Società consortile arl 
76,1% 
50% 
100% 
100% 
25% 
49% 
34% 
29,22% 
11,43% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
90% 
47,68% 
50,51% 
50% 
100% 
100% 
49% 
9,61% 
100% 
2,9% 
5% 
42,86% 
50% 
100% 
100% 
24,7% 
99% 
30.04.2023 

46,38% Autonomous Province of Bolzano

21% Municipality of Bolzano

21% Municipality of Merano

11,62% Selfin Srl
 
Generation of electricity

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
The chart below shows the new business structure through business units of the Alperia Group as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concessions 
Alperia operates, directly and/or indirectly through its subsidiaries, through authorisations, 
concessions, licences and similar arrangements in the following sectors: 
• 
hydropower energy production; 
• 
electricity distribution; and 
• 
gas distribution. 
The following table shows the large-scale hydropower concessions granted to Alperia Group 
companies, together with their expiry dates and capacity.  
Concession 
No. 
 Plant 
 
Holder 
 
Expiry date 
 
Capacity 
(kw) 
GS/63 
 Brunico/Bruneck-Olang  
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
24,660  
GS/235 
 San Floriano/St. 
Florian/Neumarkt 
 
SF Energy S.r.l. 
 
31/12/2040 
 
56,040  
GS/1 
 Marlengo/Marling 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
30,724  
GS/46 
 Prati di Vizze/Wiesen-
Pfitsch 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
12,162  
GS/58 
 Ponte Gardena/Barbian 
Waidbruck 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
38,122  
GS/968 
 Curon/Graun 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
6,310  
GS/80 
 Premesa/Prembach 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
6,734  
GS/1292 
 Naturno 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2024(1) 
 
38,152  
GS/2000 
 Castelbello/Kastelbell 
 
Alperia Vipower 
 
31/12/2031 
 
60,182  
GS/2 
 Glorenza/Glurns 
 
Alperia Vipower 
 
31/12/2031 
 
39,354  
GS/7567 
 E-Werk Moos 
 
Centrale Elettrica Moso Scarl 
 
01/10/2036 
 
6,767  
GS/6878 
 Enerpass 
 
Enerpass Scarl 
 
05/02/2036 
 
13,305  
GS/7566 
 Tauferer Elektrowerk 
 
Azienda Elettrica Campo 
Tures Scarl 
 
21/05/2036 
 
8,842  
GS/57 
 Cardano/Kardaun 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
96,716  
GS/822 e 
GS/2600 
 Bressanone/Brixen 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
74,589  
GS/7 
 Lana/Lana 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
22,283  
GS/6989 
 San Pancrazio/St. 
Pankraz 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
13,049  
Generation 
Trading 
Networks 
Heat & 
Services 
Smart 
Region 
Sales

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Concession 
No. 
 Plant 
 
Holder 
 
Expiry date 
 
Capacity 
(kw) 
GS/1742 e 
GS/87(2) 
 S. Valburga/St. 
Walburg – Pracupola-
Pracomune/Kuppelwies 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
12,511  
GS/2401 
 Sarentino/Sarnthein 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
10,922  
GS/1146 
 Ponte 
Gardena/Waidbruck 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
8,408  
GS/571 
 Molini di Tures/Mühlen  
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
7,086  
GD/1596 
 Fontana 
Bianca/Weißbrunn 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
2,187  
GS/42 
 Tel 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2040 
 
19,057  
GS/1273 
 Lasa/Laas-Martell 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
06/02/2041 
 
28,279  
GS/100 
 Lappago/Lappach 
 
Alperia Greenpower 
 
31/12/2010(3) 
 
6,349  
Total:   
642,789.64  
_____________ 
(1)  Extended until 31 December 2024 by operation of law. 
(2)  S. Valburga and Pracomune hydropower concessions are shown together, as they are part of the same hydropower 
scheme (named “Pracomune-S. Valburga”). 
(3)  As a result of the re-examination process carried out by PAB during the 2015 spring period, the Lappago hydroelectric 
concession has not yet been re-assigned by PAB, since none of the applications submitted to the PAB for the assignment 
of the concession has been positively evaluated by the PAB for the relevant assignment. As a result, Alperia Greenpower 
currently operates the Lappago hydroelectric plant under a caretaker (prorogatio) regime, pending the award of a new 
concession (see also “Regulation” below) and the water use concession can be considered extended until 31 December 
2024 by operation of law, when a new tender is expected. 
 
In addition, the total hydroelectric concession capacity of small and medium-sized plants amounts to 
10.347,94 kW.  
Most of the above hydropower concessions have been originally granted to the companies currently 
belonging to the Alperia Group by PAB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, PAB is the entity in charge 
for all the hydropower concessions.  
The graph below provides an overview of the amount of capacity by reference to the expected year of 
expiry of the relevant concession. 
 
The electricity distribution business is carried on by the Alperia Group pursuant to Italian Decree No. 
235 of the President of the Republic of 26 March 1977, as amended and implemented. Distribution 
25%
1%
15%
4%
0%
49%
4%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
2024
2029
2031
2036
2039
2040
2041
Expiring Concession capacity (%) by 
maturity date (Year)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
services licences are expected to expire on 31 December 2030, following which the Alperia Group 
expects to seek to obtain new licences. 
In March 2023, the Alperia Group won two major tender processes: (i) the first one for the realisation 
of a hydrogen refuelling station in the Municipality of Brunico (with a project value of approximately 
Euro 8 million, 50% of which was financed by the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport) and 
(ii) the second one for the realisation of a green hydrogen production plant in the Municipality of 
Bolzano in collaboration with SASA S.p.A. AG, the local public transport company (with a project value 
of approximately Euro 14 million, entirely financed by the Italian Ministry of Environment and Energy 
Security).  
Sustainability  
Sustainability plan 
On 19 May 2022, the Management Board of Alperia approved the Alperia Group’s 2022 – 2027 
sustainability plan (the “Sustainability Plan”), which represents the continuation, without interruption, 
of the previous sustainability plan for the period 2017 - 2021. 
The Sustainability Plan sets out approximately 160 projects/goals associated with 16 material topics 
which Alperia has identified as priorities, then divided into the following five areas of action:  
• 
Governance & resilience, which includes (i) integrated governance and sustainable business 
conduct, (ii) economic development and business model resilience, (iii) supply security and 
accessibility, (iv) asset integrity, (v) innovation, digitalisation, research and development and (vi) 
cyber security & data protection; 
• 
Customers, which includes (i) sustainable energy products and services and (ii) customer 
satisfaction; 
• 
Green mission, which includes (i) water, (ii) energy and (iii) emissions; 
• 
Territory, which includes (i) added value for the territory and (ii) supply chain; and 
• 
People, which includes (i) health and safety at work, (ii) employee involvement and development 
and (iii) diversity and equal opportunities. 
Commitment to United Nations SDGs 
The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development is a global action plan for people, planet and prosperity 
signed in September 2015 by the governments of the 193 United Nations member countries. It 
incorporates 17 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) into a large action plan with a total of 169 
specific targets. Alperia has embraced these goals and taken up the call to action, putting research, 
technology and expertise at the service of the Sustainable Development Agenda for recovery and 
resilience. 
Being aware of the essential role that energy can play in addressing these global environmental 
challenges, the Alperia Group is committed to contribute to the following SDGs: (i) SDG 3 – ensuring 
health and wellbeing, promoting a healthy and safe working environment and reducing pollution 
through the Alperia Group’s products and services; (ii) SDG 5 – achieving gender equality, striving for 
gender equality and female empowerment; (iii) SDG 6 – ensuring the availability and sustainable 
management of clean water for all, optimising water network, management, reducing the impact of 
the Alperia Group’s activities and work to protect the aquatic environment; (iv) SDG 7 – clean and 
accessible energy, ensuring access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy systems; (v) 
SDG 8 – decent work and economic growth, promoting inclusive and sustainable economic growth and 
decent and secure employment; (vi) SDG 9 – industry, innovation and infrastructure, building and 
maintaining safe and resilient infrastructures, fostering innovation and supporting equitable, 
responsible and sustainable development; (vii) SDG 11 – sustainable cities and communities, making

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
cities more inclusive, safer and more energy efficient; (viii) SDG 12 – responsible consumption and 
production, promoting sustainable patterns of production and consumption; (ix) SDG 13 – combat 
climate action, taking specific action to combat climate change and its consequences; and (x) SDG 15 
– life on land, ensuring the conservation of ecosystem and the protection of biodiversity including 
through the use of innovative technologies. 
ESG 
Corporate social responsibility activities carried out by Alperia are aimed at promoting integrated ESG 
governance at all levels of the organisation, namely: 
• 
Risk management, managing reputational, climate and cyber risks; 
• 
Definition of policies and procedures, formalising a CSR Management procedure, defining a 
diversity policy and considering the adoption of a code of conduct; 
• 
Strengthening the corporate culture through awareness-raising activities that will increase 
internal communication on ESG issues and the development of a plan to include ESG issues in 
corporate training programmes; and 
• 
Definition of reporting and performance to ensure the quality of non-financial data as well as 
clear goals.  
Remuneration policy 
The Alperia Group is committed to engage all its people in the achievement of its sustainability goals. 
To this end, in 2020 the Alperia Group started linking employee production bonuses and top 
management’s management by objectives (MBO) to the achievement of sustainability goals, 
subdividing them according to the following criteria: 
• 
production bonus – achieving at least 60% of the targets defined in the Sustainability Plan each 
year will affect the production bonus; and 
• 
management by objectives (MBO) – top management staff must include at least one 
sustainability objective in their MBO. 
Main certifications and awards 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group has been assigned by the following 
certifications.  
Certification 
Description 
 
 
Alperia annually obtains and external certification from TÜV NORD that 
emissions from the sale of its green gas product are compensated with 
certified climate projects.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Certification 
Description 
 
Alperia annually measures the status of the integration of sustainability in its 
governance through the Integrated governance index (IGI). The IGI measures 
the controls and processes that Alperia adopts to achieve its sustainability 
goals. The areas assessed are: 1) self-regulatory codes and sustainability, 2) 
diversity, professionalism, board independence, 3) ESG integrated in 
remuneration, 4) ESG integrated in business strategies, 5) board committees 
and sustainabilitỳ, 6) purpose, materialitỳ and stakeholders, 7) succession 
plans, 8) finance, 9) HR and human capital, 10) ESG digital governance.  
 
Ecovadis, an international provider of business sustainability ratings, awarded 
Alperia with the Gold rating based on the policies, performance, and 
practices that the company has implemented, in the field of environment, 
ethics, labour & human rights, and sustainable procurement. With a score of 
75/100, Alperia ranked in the 98 percentiles of all ratings, indicating better 
performance than 98% of rated companies, which can be considered an 
excellent result confirming the high ESG competence of the Group. 
 
In April 2023 Alperia was ranked the first Italian utility company among Europe’s Climate Leaders 2023 
published in the Financial Times.  
Alperia was also awarded at the tenth edition of the Top Utility award, which took place on 24 February 
2022, while on 1 March 2022, Alperia was awarded with the legality rating with a ★★+ (two stars plus) 
score by the Italian Antitrust Authority (Autorità Garante della concorrenza e del Mercato – AGCM). 
The legality rating is an indicator of compliance with high standards of legality by companies that have 
applied for it.  
On 28 June 2022, Alperia received the National Award for Innovation “Premio dei Premi”, for the 
“Industry and Services - Large Enterprises” sector, coordinated by the COTEC Foundation. This Award 
is given annually to subjects operating in industry, design, the tertiary sector, the public administration 
sector and universities, who have distinguished themselves for the originality of the innovations they 
have developed in relation to products, processes and business models. 
In October 2022, the certification process for the energy produced in 2021 by the Cardano, Lana, San 
Pancrazio and Santa Valburga plants was successfully completed based on the “Generation EE 
standard” of TÜV SÜD.  
In 2021 Alperia won the 2021 “Sustainable Mobility Award” in South Tyrol for its sustainable mobility 
initiatives for employees, as well as the “Global District Energy Climate Award”, a prize dedicated to the 
best sustainable energy solutions based on innovative forms of district heating and cooling. 
Furthermore, the Alperia Group has also obtained the certifications ISO 9001, 14001, 27001, 45001 
and EMAS.  Between August and September 2022, Alperia Greenpower and Alperia Ecoplus obtained 
ISO 50001:2018 certification for the Ponte Gardena hydroelectric plant and for the Bolzano district 
heating plant, respectively. ISO 50001 certifies the creation of an energy management system which 
has the objective of continually improving energy performance. Alperia Green Future obtained the 
certification, granted at the national level, relating to the provision of energy services, including the 
activities of financing intervention for improving energy efficiency, namely the UNI CEI 11352:2014.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
In 2023 Alperia has been included in the Europe's Climate Leaders 2023 published by the Financial 
Times; for further information in this respect see “– Recent Developments - First Italian company 
among the Financial Times’ Europe's Climate Leaders” below. 
Innovation 
Alperia promotes innovation in the energy sector through numerous research projects, testing and 
applying the most innovative technologies in hydroelectric and district heating plants as well as the 
electricity grid. The Group’s research activities can have a direct and indirect impact on society, the 
environment and the economy through the development of new products and services that improve 
the impact on society and the environment. 
The main innovation drivers focus on priority areas for the Alperia Group business strategy, such as 
digitalisation and customer engagement, supported by enabling technologies such as artificial 
intelligence (“AI”), machine learning, big data, internet of things and blockchain. 
The main projects are summarised below. 
• 
Smartland: This is a project for the optimisation of agricultural processes through technology 
(sensors, integrated reporting system and AI) for sustainable agriculture, greater respect for 
resources and ensuring quality and volume of crops. Using sensors and digital infrastructures 
such as Alperia's LoRaWan network, farmers can receive better targeted information from their 
fields and manage it from their smartphone or tablet. 
• 
“Open innovation” model: The Alperia Group has adopted a model under which it works with 
local and international partners from science and industry, including research institutes (e.g. 
Eurac Research; IDM Alto Adige; Laimburg, Beratungsring, the Free University of Bolzano, EIT 
Digital, EIT Innovation hub, the latter European organisations for digital innovation and business 
education, supported by the European Commission), companies and startups. 
• 
Mission Innovation 2.0: Green Powered Future Mission: This is a global scale initiative, focused 
on energy transition, in which Alperia participates in reference to the “green powered future 
mission”. The objective is to demonstrate the technical feasibility of integrating 100% variable 
renewable resources into the energy mix, ensuring the achievement of an economically 
sustainable, secure and resilient energy system. Mission members are committed to developing 
a collaborative action plan, increasing their investment in research and development, as well as 
contributing to the implementation of demonstration projects. Mission representatives 
attended the COP27 United Nations Climate Change Conference held in Sharm el-Sheikh. 
 
Alperia’s innovation projects covers several relevant topics relating to decarbonisation such as 
development of new technology related to IoT (data integration and Smart City), artificial intelligence

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(particularly through the Sybil solutions), blockchain, Industry 4.0 and digital transformation, 
sustainable mobility, energy efficiency, advanced heating systems, energy management in buildings. 
Infrastructure  
Renovation of Lasa plant and new control unit at Municipality of Tel  
The renovation of the Lasa plant built in the 1950s is an initiative that involves many activities including: 
the replacement of penstock, extraordinary maintenance of the diversion tunnel, the replacement of 
the alternator, the replacement of “penstock butterfly valves”, the replacement of unit rotary valves, 
the replacement of the unit hydraulic system, the rebuilding of the unit cooling system, the 
replacement of the main unit transformer, the rebuilding of plant automation, the complete rebuilding 
of electrical installations and the rebuilding of the electrical station. 
The total investment was approximately Euro 40 million, of which Euro 24 million was dedicated to the 
installation of the new underground penstock 2,281 meters long, and is expected to benefit from 
capacity market incentives, referring to the “new capacity” for 2023, which will span a 15-year period. 
As far as Tel is concerned, the construction of the new ecological outflow station at the intake was 
completed. This new plant is now able to turbine ecological outflows using the difference in height 
between the intake and the Tel gorge. The aim of the plant is to optimise and reuse water resources, 
while at the same time maintaining the ecological integrity of the Adige River downstream of the Tel 
crossing. The new unit started working in April 2022; the plant has an average annual production of 2.8 
GWh and contributes to increasing the productivity rate of the Tel hydroelectric public output by about 
2.5%, to a total annual rate of 117 GWh.  
Project management, design and works supervision were overseen by Alperia’s Engineering & 
Consulting department. 
Electricity distribution network  
In 2022, a strong push was made to build new plants in the high-voltage (Euro 10.7 million investment), 
medium-voltage (Euro 22 million) and low-voltage (Euro 9.5 million) networks.  
Edyna increased the laying of MV underground cables, with the percentage of underground lines out 
of the total number of MV lines going up from 58% at the end of 2017 to 70% at the end of 2022.  
As regards the upgrading of plants, in the period from 2019 to 2022, nominal power at the primary 
plants was increased, from 1,319 MVA at the end of 2018 to 2,516 MVA at the end of 2022. 
As regards the network integration project with voltage unification at 20 kv, the expected duration of 
which spans approximately seven years (July 2019 – December 2025), the following objectives had 
been achieved at 31 December 2022, with respect to the draft plan: (i) upgrading of medium voltage 
lines to 82.70%; and (ii) change of transformers to 38.48%. 
As regards the PMS2 Smart Meter project, almost 50,000 2G meters were installed in 2022, most of 
them in the Municipality of Bolzano and in six other municipalities in South Tyrol. Considering the 
massive installations in 2020 and 2021 as well, over 100 thousand new generation meters have been 
installed (equal to 47% of the meter fleet), thus confirming alignment with the planning approved by 
ARERA. 
Construction of new headquarters in Merano 
Alperia, acting on behalf of Edyna, published a call for tenders for the construction of the new 
headquarters in Merano on 23 July 2021. The construction site started in March 2023 and the works 
are expected to end in spring/summer 2025.  
The two buildings, consisting of offices, technical areas and warehouses, have been designed to 
accommodate around 300 employees of the various Group companies. Particular attention has been

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
paid to the buildings’ energy efficiency, aiming for the highest level of energy certification (according 
to international standards such as LEED Platinum or Gold and national standards such as CasaClima). 
Alperia’s certification aimed at the wellbeing of employees who will work at the new headquarters is 
also very important (international WELL and CasaClima Work & Life certifications), as well as aspects 
such as the sustainability of buildings, domotics and smart living solutions, the flexibility of the 
environments and the integration of the new structure in the urban context of the town of Merano 
with ample space dedicated to green areas.  
Regulatory Framework 
Most of the Alperia Group’s operations are within heavily regulated sectors. The legislative and 
regulatory environment within which the Alperia Group operates is summarised in the section entitled 
“Regulation” below. See also “Risk Factors — Regulatory Risks” above.   
Financing  
As at 31 December 2022, Alperia Group’s financial indebtedness was Euro 1,480,518 thousand, of 
which Euro 475,370 thousand was represented by bonds and Euro 1,005,148 thousand by loans.  
Alperia’s main financial indebtedness as at 31 December 2022 was as follows.  
- 
Euro 100,000,000 1.41 per cent. green bond due 30 June 2023 (ISIN Code: XS1439531812), fully 
outstanding; 
- 
Euro 125,000,000 1.68 per cent. green bond due 28 June 2024 (ISIN Code: XS1439448678 ), fully 
outstanding; 
- 
Euro 150,000,000 2.50 per cent. green bond notes due 23 December 2026 (ISIN Code: 
XS1540956593), fully outstanding; 
- 
NOK 935,000,000 3.116 per cent. green bond due 18 October 2027 (ISIN Code: XS1703060746), 
fully outstanding; 
- 
a bridge to bond of Euro 480,000,000 maturing in November 2023 with two extension options 
of six months each, fully drawn; and 
- 
a term loan of Euro 440,000,000 secured by the so-called SupportItalia guarantee issued by SACE 
S.p.A. maturing in September 2024, fully drawn. 
The Issuer also has a revolving credit facility (RCF) of Euro 480,000,000 expiring on November 2025, 
which is currently undrawn. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
Share Capital  
As at 31 December 2022, Alperia had a share capital of Euro 750,000,000, divided into 750,000,000 
shares having a nominal value of Euro 1.00 each. Since 31 December 2022, there have been no changes 
to the Issuer’s share capital.  
Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia voting share capital is held by shareholders of Alperia 
as set out in the table below. 
Shareholders 
 
Shares 
 
% of share capital 
Autonomous Province of Bolzano 
 
347,852,466 
 
46.38% 
Municipality of Bolzano 
 
157,500,000 
 
21.00% 
Municipality of Merano 
 
157,500,000 
 
21.00% 
Selfin S.r.l. 
 
87,147,534 
 
11.62%

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Selfin is a publicly owned company in which 112 of the 116 municipalities of Alto Adige hold a stake, 
excluding the municipalities of Bolzano, Merano, Laces and Terlano. 
The Issuer’s share capital is divided into Class A, B, C and D shares, which are held, respectively, by the 
PAB, the Municipality of Bolzano, the Municipality of Merano and Selfin. Under the Issuer’s By-laws, 
where any shares are transferred from one shareholder of the Issuer to another, the shares transferred 
will automatically be converted into shares of the same class as those already held by the transferee. 
The holding of shares of a particular class is relevant to the mechanism for appointments to the Issuer’s 
Supervisory Board (see “– Corporate Governance – Supervisory Board” below).  
Shareholders’ agreements  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no shareholders’ agreement has been entered into by the 
shareholders of Alperia. 
The relationships between the shareholders of Alperia are regulated by the Alperia By-laws and by an 
investment agreement executed on 21 February 2015 among the shareholders, AEW and SEL (the 
“Investment Agreement”), as well as by other ancillary and implementation documents and 
agreements related to such Investment Agreement. 
The Investment Agreement regulates the terms and conditions of the AEW-SEL Merger and the 
transformation of O.9 into a joint-stock company (società per azioni). The Investment Agreement 
provides also for certain indemnity undertakings, binding on PAB, which are related to the occurrence 
of certain potential adverse events concerning Alperia and its assets. In particular, according to the 
Investment Agreement, PAB shall indemnify and hold harmless: 
• 
Alperia from any loss related to any possible challenge or claim against Alperia and its 
subsidiaries companies in relation to the awarding to such companies of the authorisations, 
concessions, licences or other public instruments pertaining to certain hydroelectric plants by 
the competent body of PAB.  
• 
the municipalities of Bolzano and Merano from any loss that they may suffer in case of revocation 
of authorisations, concessions, licences or similar arrangements in relation to certain large-scale 
hydroelectric plants, namely Cardano, Bressanone, Lana, S. Pancrazio, S. Valburga-Pracupola, 
Sarentino, Ponte Gardena and Molini di Tures, owned at the signing of the Investment 
Agreement by certain subsidiaries of SEL (i.e., SE Hydropower, SEL S.r.l. and Hydros). 
Should the overall indemnification amounts payable by PAB under the Investment Agreement exceed 
Euro 40 million, PAB, as an alternative option to the payment of such amounts, may request the 
Municipalities of Bolzano and Merano – not later than 30 business days following the achievement of 
the Euro 40,000,000 threshold – to implement a non-proportional demerger of Alperia, to the effect 
that the municipalities of Bolzano and Merano will own the entire share capital of a new company 
owning the same assets owned by AEW (and its subsidiaries) before the execution of the AEW-SEL 
Merger. For further information in this respect, see also “Risk Factors – Risk related to the loss of assets 
of the Alperia Group” above. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance rules for Italian companies like Alperia, whose shares are not listed on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading facility or other trading venue, are provided for under the 
Italian Civil Code and, where applicable, in Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”), and the relevant implementing regulations.  
Alperia has adopted a two-tier system of corporate governance (modello dualistico), based on an 
organisational model involving shareholders’ meetings, a supervisory board (consiglio di sorveglianza) 
(the “Supervisory Board”) and a management board (consiglio di gestione) (the “Management 
Board”).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
Pursuant to Alperia’s By-laws, the Supervisory Board is composed of six members, who are all 
appointed by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting for a maximum period of three financial years. Three 
members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting upon 
designation by a special meeting of the holders of Class A and Class D shares or should such meeting 
not be held, with the favourable vote of all of the holders of Class A and Class D shares whereas the 
other three members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting 
upon designation by a special meeting of the holders of Class B and Class C shares or should such 
meeting not be held, with the favourable vote of all of the holders of Class B and Class C shares.   
At least one of the members of the Supervisory Board must be designated among the statutory auditors 
enrolled with the specific register. Such member shall be (i) one of the members of the Supervisory 
Board appointed by the ordinary shareholders' meeting upon designation of the special shareholders' 
meeting of the Class A and Class D share shareholders, for the first 3 financial years from the adoption 
of the Alperia By-laws in 2015, and (ii) one of the members of the Supervisory Board appointed by 
the ordinary shareholders' meeting upon designation of the special shareholders' meeting of the 
holders of Class B and Class C shares for the following 3 financial years, and so on. 
The special meeting of the holders of Class A and Class D shares has the right to designate four 
members of the Supervisory Board and the special meeting of the holders of Class B and Class C shares 
has the right to designate the other two members of the Supervisory Board, where, following a transfer 
of shares to holders of shares of another class, Class B and Class C shares, when taken together, 
represent less than 20% of the corporate capital of Alperia. 
The special meeting of the holders of Class B and Class C shares has the right to designate four members 
of the Supervisory Board and the special meeting of the holders of Class A and Class D shares has the 
right to designate the other two members of the Supervisory Board, where, following a transfer of 
shares to holders of shares of another class, Class A and Class D shares, when taken together, represent 
less than 20% of the corporate capital of Alperia. 
The Supervisory Board has certain powers usually entrusted to the shareholders’ meeting under the 
traditional system of corporate governance. It is authorised, inter alia, to appoint members of the 
Management Board, to establish their remuneration, to approve the Issuer’s financial statements and 
to authorise management’s strategic decisions and certain extraordinary transactions. In addition, the 
Supervisory Board has supervisory duties. 
The shareholders’ meeting of Alperia held on 9 June 2022 appointed the Supervisory Board for a period 
of three financial years. Unless their office is terminated before then, for any reason, all members will 
remain in office until the approval of Alperia’s financial statements for the financial year ending on 31 
December 2024. The following table sets out the current members of the Supervisory Board of Alperia 
and the main positions held by them outside the Alperia Group.  
Name 
 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside Alperia 
Maurizio Peluso 
 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
Franz Haas S.r.l. - Member of the supervisory 
board 
Studio Map Data S.r.l. – Board member 
Larice Società Cooperativa – Board member 
IPC Network S.r.l. – Board member 
Luitgard Spögler 
 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
Banca Sistema S.p.A. – Chairwoman of the 
Board 
Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano S.p.A. – 
Representative of the bondholders 
(rappresentante comune degli obbligazionisti)

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside Alperia 
Wolfram Sparber 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
/ 
Manfred Mayr 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
Consorzio Agrario di Bolzano Società 
Cooperativa – Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Consorzio dei Comuni della Provincia di Bolzano 
Società Cooperativa – Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Municipality of Kurtinig an der Weinstrasse – 
Mayor 
Silvia Paler 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
Cassa Raiffeisen Merano Società Cooperativa – 
Member of the Board 
Terme Merano S.p.A. – Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Stefano Parolin 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
 
HPI S.p.A. - Member of the Supervisory Board 
Hotel La Perla S.r.l. - Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Stebo Ambiente S.r.l. – Statutory Auditor 
Palbox S.p.A. – Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
Fussbalclub Suedtirol GMBH – S.r.l. - Member of 
the Supervisory Board 
Lazzeri Società Agricola a responsabilità limitata 
- Member of the Supervisory Board 
ALPS AUDIT S.r.l. - Member of the Board 
Menz & Gasser S.p.A. – Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Eurolegnami di Debortoli Fabrizio S.p.A. - 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
 
The business address of each of the Supervisory Board members is the Issuer’s registered office at via 
Dodiciville 8, 39100 Bolzano (Italy). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no potential or existing conflicts of interest between 
the duties of the members of Supervisory Board and their private interests or other duties. 
Supervisory Board – Internal committees 
Under the authority conferred on it by Alperia’s By-laws and by the shareholders’ meeting, the 
Supervisory Board has deemed it appropriate to establish specific committees, with members drawn 
from the Supervisory Board, and to determine their powers and the rules for their functioning. Such 
committees have a consultative and advisory role. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following committees have been created within the 
Supervisory Board: 
• 
Appointments Committee, having the task of, inter alia, assisting the Supervisory Board in the 
appointment of the members of the Management Board and in the appointment of the 
Chairman of the management and supervisory bodies of the companies in which Alperia holds, 
directly or indirectly, an equity interest. In accordance with Alperia’s By-laws the Appointments 
Committee is made up of four members.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
• 
Remuneration Committee, having the task of, inter alia (i) assisting the Supervisory Board in 
determining the remuneration of members of both the Management Board and Supervisory 
Board holding special office and (ii) expressing opinions on incentive plans relating to members 
of the Management Board and Supervisory board. Pursuant to Alperia’s By-laws, the 
Remuneration Committee is made up of four members. 
• 
Internal Audit, Risk and Sustainability Committee, having the task of monitoring the 
effectiveness of the company’s internal controls, internal audit and risk management systems as 
well as proposing, analysing, and monitoring the company’s sustainability policies and 
commitments. Such committee is not expressly required by Alperia By-laws, but its 
establishment was expressly requested by the shareholders’ meeting. 
Management Board 
Pursuant to Alperia’s By-laws, the Management Board is composed of six members, who are all 
appointed by the Supervisory Board for three financial years. Four members of the Management Board 
are appointed by a voting list system, unless decided otherwise by a unanimous resolution of the 
Supervisory Board, whereas the other two members of the Management Board (including in any case, 
the General Manager of Alperia) are chosen from among the top managers of the Alperia Group upon 
a resolution of the Supervisory Board passed by a vote in favour of at least five members. 
The Management Board has the power to perform the tasks involved in managing Alperia and is 
authorised to take all the steps that it deems appropriate in order to achieve Alperia’s aims and 
corporate objectives. In addition, it is vested with the power, inter alia, to approve the strategic, 
industrial and financial plans of Alperia and the Alperia Group and to prepare Alperia’s financial 
statements and consolidated financial statements. 
On 22 June 2022, the Supervisory Board appointed the Issuer’s current Management Board with effect 
from 1 July 2022, for a period of three financial years expiring upon approval of Alperia’s financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2024. 
The following table sets out the current members of the Management Board of Alperia and the main 
positions held by them outside the Alperia Group. 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside Alperia 
Flora Emma Kröss 
 
Chairman of the 
Management Board 
 
EWO S.r.l. - Deputy Chairwoman of the Board 
Mauro Marchi 
 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Management Board 
 
I Popolari Società Cooperativa – Deputy Chairman of 
the Board 
Markus Mattivi 
 
Member of the 
Management Board 
 
Gemeinschaft Maria Heim/Neustift – 
Genossenschaft – Chairman oft he Board 
Eco Center S.p.A. – Member of the Board  
Daniela Vicidomini 
 
Member of the 
Management Board 
 
Termodolomiti S.r.l. – Statutory Auditor 
Luis Amort 
 
Member of the 
Management Board  
 
/ 
Paolo Acuti 
 
Member of the 
Management Board  
 
/ 
 
The business address of each of the Management Board members is the Issuer’s registered office at 
via Dodiciville 8, 39100 Bolzano (Italy).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential or existing conflicts of interest between 
the duties of the members of the Management Board to Alperia and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Management Board – Executive Committee 
In accordance with Alperia’s By-laws, the Executive Committee consists of four members of the 
Management Board namely the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman of the Management Board and 
the two members of the Management Board appointed among the top managers of the Alperia Group. 
The Management Board delegates some of its management responsibilities to the Executive 
Committee within a specific expense limit and to the extent permitted by applicable laws and its By-
laws. As proposed by the shareholders’ meeting, an Executive Committee is currently not established. 
Senior management 
The following table sets out the senior managers of Alperia as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
 
Position 
Luis Amort 
 
General Manager 
Paolo Acuti 
 
Deputy General Manager 
Mario Trogni 
 
Director of Generation BU 
Pierpaolo Zamunaro 
 
Director of Network BU 
Günther Andergassen 
 
Director Heat & Services BU 
Andrea Lanzingher 
 
Director Trading BU  
Alessandro Randon 
 
Director Sales BU  
Luca Fresi 
 
Director Smart Region BU 
 
Code of Ethics and 231 Model 
In March 2016 the Management Board adopted a code of ethical conduct for business relationships 
which provides for a set of rules and principles which Alperia’s management and employees are 
required to comply with. The latest version of the code of ethics was published by Alperia in January 
2021.  
Furthermore, in 2016 Alperia first adopted its organisational, management and control model (the 
“Alperia 231 Model”) in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 (“Decree No. 231”) 
to prevent crimes that could give rise to liability for the Issuer if the offences are committed by its 
directors, managers, or employees in the interests or for the benefit of the Issuer. The Alperia 231 
Model was last updated on 28 January 2021. In addition, the majority of the companies of the Alperia 
Group have implemented their own organisational, management and control model in accordance with 
Decree No. 231 and constituted their own supervisory board.  
A specific channel for confidential reporting has been introduced for employees, top management and 
members of the corporate bodies of the companies of the Alperia Group who become aware of any 
unlawful conduct, violations of the Alperia 231 Model or the 231 models of the other Alperia Group’s 
companies or of the Code of Ethics. 
Independent Auditors 
The current independent auditors of Alperia are PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., with its registered 
office at Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy (“PwC”).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
PwC is registered under No. 43 in the Register of Independent Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance and is also a member of the Assirevi (Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the Italian 
association of auditing firms. 
PwC has been appointed by the Issuer’s shareholders’ meeting for a period of nine years expiring upon 
approval of Alperia’s financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024. 
Employees 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group has approximately 1,260 employees. 
Legal Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of their activities, the companies of the Alperia Group are and may be involved 
in a number of proceedings, including civil, administrative, regulatory and tax proceedings and/or to 
investigations by tax and other authorities. For a specific focus on these proceedings, see the paragraph 
headed “Litigation and contingent liabilities” in the notes to the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
Recent Developments 
First Italian utility company among the Financial Times’ Europe's Climate Leaders 2023 
Alperia is the first Italian utility company among the Europe's Climate Leaders 2023 published by the 
Financial Times and is ranked 55th among all the European companies involved. It is an important 
recognition for the Issuer, which has made sustainability and the fight against climate change its 
strength and core value. The Financial Times and Statista monitored 500 European companies working 
to ensure rapid, immediate and deep reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. The list of European 
companies was drafted on the basis of greenhouse gas intensity reduction over five years. The figure 
takes into account both the companies' activities and the energy usage, whereas the intensity is 
calculated in tons of carbon dioxide emissions equal to Euro 1 million in revenues. Compared to 2022, 
in 2023 points were also awarded on transparency in reporting and the companies' commitment to 
green goals.  
Bolzano’s district heating network 
The expansion of Bolzano's district heating network at Viale Duca d'Aosta and Via Milano is currently 
underway. The works will be carried out as part of two separate lots and are expected to be completed 
by the end of June 2023. Such expansion is intended to connect more public and private buildings to 
district heating and to make more efficient use of waste heat from the Bolzano waste-to-energy plant. 
As a result, a further reduction of the consumption of fossil energy sources and CO2 emissions in 
Bolzano is envisaged. 
 
Recent draft law regarding large hydropower concessions in the Autonomous province of Bolzano 
In June 2023 the provincial council of Bolzano has approved a draft law, made up of 57 articles, aimed 
at regulating the tenders and the assignment of concessions for large hydroelectric plants with power 
exceeding 3 megawatts in the Autonomous province of Bolzano. This law proposal intends to regulate, 
inter alia, the provisions for carrying out the concession award procedures, the terms for their tender, 
the admission and award criteria, as well as the financial, organizational and technical requirements of 
the participants. Furthermore, the text intends to regulate the duration of the concessions, the criteria 
for determining the concession fees and the methods for assessing the landscape aspects and 
environmental compatibility.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Temporary solidarity contribution 
Following the recent publication by the Agenzia delle Entrate of a response to a request for a ruling 
presented by a taxpayer regarding the temporary solidarity contribution pursuant to Article 1, 
Paragraphs 115 and following, of Law no. 197 of 2022, the Issuer could consider, from a prudential 
point of view, to proceede by 30 June 2023 with the payment of an amount greater than that previously 
estimated for approximately Euro 18,000,000, without prejudice to the possibility of subsequently 
submitting a request for reimbursement of the excess.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
The following tables contain:  
(i) 
the consolidated statement of financial position of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 and 2021; 
and  
(ii) 
its consolidated income statement for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021,  
in each case derived from the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
The annual financial statements of the Issuer referred to above have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union, and have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. (“PwC”), the Issuer’s independent auditors. 
This information in the following tables should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the Issuer’s full audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, in each case together with the accompanying notes and 
auditors’ reports, all of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Information 
Incorporated by Reference” above.  
Access to copies of all the above-mentioned annual financial statements of the Issuer is available as 
described in “Information Incorporated by Reference” above.  
 
ALPERIA S.p.A. 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
Assets 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
(in thousands of Euros) 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
Concessions  
 
455,208 
 
457,730 
Goodwill 
 
106,576 
 
83,110 
Other intangible assets 
 
5,588 
 
35,624 
Tangible assets 
 
1,067,262 
 
976,898 
Investments  
 
36,575 
 
37,405 
Deferred tax assets 
 
153,319 
 
104,195 
Other non-current receivables and financial assets 
 
45,577 
 
76,145 
Total non-current assets 
 
1,870,105 
 
1,771,106 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables 
 
873,773 
 
586,901 
Inventories 
 
183,591 
 
78,885 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
251,097 
 
79,385 
Other current receivables and financial assets 
 
278,307 
 
294,688 
Total current assets 
 
1,586,768 
 
1,039,860 
Assets held for sale and Discontinued Operations 
 
14,455 
 
16,113 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
3,471,328 
 
2,827,078

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
ALPERIA S.p.A. 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Cont’d)  
 
Equity and Liabilities 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
(in thousands of Euros) 
Share capital 
 
750,000 
 
750,000 
Other reserves 
 
(2,270) 
 
95,945 
Retained profits (accumulated losses) 
 
98,511 
 
50,530 
Group result for the year 
 
60,819 
 
79,549 
Total shareholders’ equity attributable to owners of the 
parent 
 
907,059 
 
976,024 
Non-controlling interests 
 
26,181 
 
26,720 
Total consolidated shareholders' equity 
 
933,240 
 
1,002,744 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Provisions for risks and charges 
 
70,923 
 
51,252 
Employee benefits 
 
11,887 
 
13,767 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
119,062 
 
125,160 
Non-current borrowings from banks and other lenders 
 
919,440 
 
847,766 
Other non-current payables 
 
67,457 
 
57,804 
Total non-current liabilities 
 
1,188,769 
 
1,095,749 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Trade payables 
 
474,078 
 
440,342 
Current borrowings from banks and other lenders 
 
808,256 
 
233,704 
Current tax liabilities 
 
14,083 
 
0 
Other current payables 
 
50,417 
 
52,052 
Total current liabilities 
 
1,346,833 
 
726,097 
Liabilities held for sale and Discontinued Operations 
 
2,485 
 
2,488 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
3,471,328 
 
2,827,078

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
ALPERIA S.p.A. 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENT  
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
(in thousands of Euros) 
Revenues 
 
3,602,277  
 
1,976,559 
Other revenues and income 
 
35,620  
 
106,266 
Total revenues and other income 
 
3,637,898  
 
2,082,825 
Costs for raw materials, consumables and goods 
 
(2,752,453)  
 
(1,091,134
) 
Cost of services   
 
(511,436)  
 
(659,916) 
Personnel costs  
 
(78,636) 
 
(71,792) 
Amortisation/depreciation, provisions and write-downs   
 
(142,413) 
 
(126,045) 
(of which value adjustments of trade receivables) 
 
(6,764) 
 
(482) 
Profit / (loss) arising from the fair value measurement of 
investments in associates and joint ventures 
 
0  
 
0  
Other operating costs 
 
(11,665) 
 
(11,498) 
Net income/(expenses) from commodity derivatives 
 
(11,741) 
 
2,208 
Total costs 
 
(3,508,344)  
 
(1,958,177
) 
Operating income 
 
129,554 
 
124,648 
Gains (losses) on valuation of investments  
 
(2,172) 
 
(1,529) 
Financial income 
 
7,530 
 
6,151 
Financial charges 
 
(31,174) 
 
(19,832) 
(of which value adjustments of financial receivables) 
0 
 
(12) 
Net financial income 
 
(25,816) 
 
(15,210) 
Profit before taxes  
 
103,738 
 
109,439 
Taxes 
 
(41,699) 
 
(39,129) 
Net profit/(loss) (A) from continuing operations 
62,039 
 
70,309 
Discontinuing operation 
 
(325) 
 
9,828 
Net profit/(loss) (B) from Discontinued Operations 
  
(325) 
 
9,828 
Consolidated result for the year 
 
61,714 
 
80,138 
owners of the parent 
 
60,819 
 
79,549 
non-controlling interests 
 
896 
 
588

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
REGULATION 
EU and Italian laws comprise significant regulation in relation to, inter alia, the production, transport 
and distribution of electricity as well as the transport, distribution and sale of gas and the public utilities 
businesses in general. The main legislative and regulatory measures applicable to the Alperia Group 
are summarised below. Although this summary contains all the information that the Issuer considers 
material in the context of the issue of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all relevant applicable 
laws and regulation. Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the 
legislation and regulations applicable to the Alperia Group and of the impact it may have on an 
investment in the Notes and should not rely on this summary only. 
OVERVIEW 
EU Energy Regulation 
In 2019 the European Union adopted the so called “Clean Energy for all Europeans Package” consisting 
of several legislative acts, in order to establish a modern design for the EU electricity market, adapted 
to the new realities of the market (more flexible, more market-oriented and better placed to integrate 
a greater share of renewables) and to promote energy efficiency. The main measures are listed below. 
• 
Energy performance in buildings Directive (2018/844): outlines specific measures for the 
building sector to tackle GHG emissions and energy efficiency challenges (updating and 
amending provisions from the 2010 Energy Performance Building Directive). 
• 
Renewable energy II Directive (2001/2018) (“RED II”) set an ambitious binding target of 32% for 
renewable energy sources in the EU’s energy mix by 2030. The recast renewable energy directive 
entered into force in December 2018. Please note that RED II reform is currently ongoing in the 
context of the RED III Directive (see further below). 
• 
Energy efficiency Directive (2002/2018): putting energy efficiency first is a key objective in the 
Package. The EU has therefore set binding targets of at least 32.5% energy efficiency by 2030, 
relative to a “business as usual” scenario. The new Directive (amending 2012/27 energy 
efficiency directive) has been in place since December 2018. 
• 
Governance Regulation (1999/2018): introduces five dimensions for the governance of the 
energy union, through which each Member State is required to draft integrated 10-year national 
energy and climate plans (NECPs) for 2021 to 2030 outlining how they will achieve their 
respective targets on all dimensions of the energy union, including a longer-term view towards 
2050. 
• 
Internal electricity market Regulation: establishes rules aimed at ensuring the functioning of 
the internal electricity market supply and includes renewable energy and environmental policy 
development requirements and specific rules for certain types of renewable energy plants with 
regard to the balancing responsibility, dispatching and re-dispatching as well as the CO2 
emissions threshold for the new generated power, whether the same capacity is subject to 
temporary measures and ensure the necessary level of resource adequacy, i.e. capacity 
mechanisms. 
• 
Common rules for the internal energy market electricity Directive: the main goals of the 
Directive are to guarantee (i) common standards for the internal market and (ii) a broad 
electricity supply accessible to all. 
Moreover, by means of the so called “Green Deal”, European Commission outilined its strategy to 
orient growth in the EU and define a path allowing climate neutrality to be met by 2050. The goal set 
out in the European “Green Deal” for Europe’s economy and society to become climate-neutral by 
2050. The law also sets the intermediate target of reducing net greenhouse gas emissions by at least 
55% by 2030, compared to 1990 levels.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Therefore, in 2021 the European Commission presented the “Fit for 55” set of proposals with the aim 
to set the EU’s target of reducing net greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55% by 2030. Therefore, by 
means of such proposal the European Commission, just a couple of years after the adoption of the 
Clean Energy Package, has further increased the already ambitious targets to be reached.  
The “Fit for 55” package is not yet effective and it is just composed by 15 proposals that include:  
• 
Hydrogen and decarbonized gas package which consists in a proposal for a regulation and for a 
directive that set common internal market rules for renewable and natural gases and hydrogen. 
The proposals aim at creating a regulatory framework for dedicated hydrogen infrastructure and 
markets and integrated network planning. They also set rules for consumers protection and 
strengthen security of supply.  
• 
Renewable Energy III Directive (RED III): in March 2023, the European Parliament and the 
Council reached a provisional agreement by increasing the renewable energy target to 42,5% by 
2030, but agreeing to aim for 45%. Permitting procedures will be easier and faster under the 
new law. Renewable energy will be recognised as an overriding public interest, while preserving 
a high level of environmental protection. In areas with high renewables potential and low 
environmental risks, Member States will put in place dedicated acceleration areas for 
renewables, with particularly short and simple permitting processes. The provisional agreement 
also enhances cross-border cooperation on renewables. As a key energy-consuming sector, 
industry is included for the first time in the Renewable Energy Directive. The agreement 
establishes indicative targets (1.6% of annual increase in renewable energy use) as well as a 
binding target to reach 42% of renewable hydrogen in total hydrogen consumption in industry 
by 2030. 
• 
Reform of the EU Emissions Trading Scheme (EU ETS) and introduction of a carbon border 
adjustment mechanism (CBAM) to tax high-carbon imports: it increases the ambition of the 
ETS, as GHG emissions in the ETS sectors must be cut by 62% by 2030 compared to 2005-levels, 
against the previous 43%. It also phases out free allowances to companies from 2026 until 2034 
and creates a separate new ETS II for fuel for road transport and buildings that will put a price 
on GHG emissions from these sectors in 2027 (or 2028 if energy prices are exceptionally high). 
Parliament adopted also the rules for the new EU Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism 
(CBAM), which aims to incentivise non-EU countries to increase their climate ambition and to 
ensure that EU and global climate efforts are not undermined by production being relocated 
from the EU to countries with less ambitious policies. The CBAM will be phased in from 2026 
until 2034 at the same speed as the free allowances in the EU ETS are being phased out. 
In response to the hardships and global energy market disruption caused by Russia's invasion of 
Ukraine, the European Commission presented the REPowerEU Plan which aims at accelerating energy 
transition to reduce fossil fuels dependence. The REPowerEU Plan sets out a series of measures and 
actions, among which an increase of the targets of “Fit for 55” in 2030. In this respect, the last legislative 
proposal advanced by the EU Commission (see RED III above) as well as the reform of the EU ETS system 
and introduction of the CBAM factor, which are in the context of  “Fit for 55” ,led to the partial 
implementation of the targets set by the REPowerEU Plan 
On 7 October 2022 entered into force the Regulation 2022/1854 that includes measures to reduce 
electricity demand to help lower the electricity costs for consumers and suggests a temporary revenue 
cap on electricity producers using the so-called inframarginal technologies with lower marginal costs, 
such as renewables, nuclear and waste. Moreover, it introduces a temporary solidarity contribution on 
extra profits made in the oil, gas, coal and refinery sectors, with the goal of raising funds to be 
redirected to energy consumers. 
On 14 March 2023, the European Commission proposes reform of the EU Electricity Market Design to 
boost renewables, better protect consumers and enhance industrial competitiveness. The proposed

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
reform foresees revisions to several pieces of EU legislation – notably the Electricity Regulation, the 
Electricity Directive, and the REMIT Regulation. It introduces measures that incentivise longer term 
contracts with non-fossil power production and bring more clean flexible solutions into the system to 
compete with gas, such as demand response and storage. The reform further aims to foster price 
stability by reducing the risk of supplier failure. 
As part of a wide-ranging response to coronavirus pandemic crisis, the European Commission has 
introduced the Recovery and Resilience Facility (“RRF”) in the context of the Next Generation EU 
program, aimed at mitigating the economic and social impact and at making European economies and 
societies more sustainable, resilient and better prepared for the challenges and opportunities of the 
green and digital transitions. Actually, at least the 37% of the financial support scheme from RRF must 
be conveyed towards projects related to the ecological transition (that include, for instance, RES, 
energy efficiency, circular economy, sector coupling and hydrogen). 
Following the RFF initiative Italian Government applied for the whole available amount in grants and 
loans and obtained approximately 191 billion euros to fund own National Resilience and Recovery Plan 
(“PNRR”). The Plan is composed by 6 different Missions, the second of which Mission n.2 “Green 
revolution and ecological transition” received the largest resources amount (around 59 billion). Mission 
n.2 addresses investments towards four different components: sustainable agriculture and circular 
economy (5.27 billion €), renewable energy, hydrogen, power grids and sustainable mobility (23.78 
billion €), energy efficiency and building regeneration (15.36 billion €), land protection and water 
resources (15.05 billion €). 
Currently, due to some the difficulties faced by the Italian State to meet certain objectives under the 
PNRR, negotiations are ongoing between Italy and the EU Commission:  
• 
on one hand for diverting resources destined to PNRR in favor of the European cohesion funds 
(that provides for a wider temporal range of implementation of he relevant financed works); and 
• 
on the other to integrate the PNRR in order to tackle the additional sources made available in 
the context of the REPowerEU Plan. 
Italian Energy Regulation and the Italian Energy strategy 
Ministry of Environment and Energy Security (“MASE”) shares the responsibility for the overall 
supervision and regulation of the Italian energy sector with the Regulatory Authority for Energy, 
Networks and Environment (“ARERA”). In particular, the MASE establishes the strategic guidelines and 
principles for the electricity and gas sector, while the ARERA regulates tariffs and technical matters.  
In addition to regulation by the ARERA, the Italian Antitrust Authority also plays an active role in the 
energy market in ensuring competition between suppliers and protecting the rights of clients to choose 
their suppliers.  
As regards national policies, in early 2020 the Ministry for economic development, previously 
responsible for the energy sector, approved the definitive version of the Energy and Climate Integrated 
National Plan (“PNIEC”), which defines goals for 2030 in terms of renewable energy production (30%), 
energy efficiency (-40% vs. 2007) and emission reduction (-40% vs. 1990). These figures will be revised 
in light of new Green Deal features and recent more ambitious targets for 2030.  
In line with the EU vision, Italy plans to take an integrated approach to tackling issues relating to energy 
and climate, and agrees with the approach proposed by the Governance Regulation, which opts for an 
organic and synergic strategy for the five dimensions of the Energy Union, in particular: 
a) 
Decarbonisation: Italy is considering accelerating the transition from traditional fuels to 
renewable sources, by promoting the gradual phasing out of coal for electricity generation in 
favour of an electricity mix based on a growing renewables share and, for the remainder, gas. A 
further goal concerns the important development of storage capacity, which will also be

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
gradually, but increasingly, directed toward "energy intensive" solutions to limit overgeneration 
and help achieve renewable energy consumption targets. Among storage technologies, 
hydropower storage systems are considered as the most mature option, together with 
electrochemical batteries solutionis, with an objective of 1 GW of storage capacity installed by 
2023. This transition is requiring and will keep doing, more and more over the next decades, 
replacement of fossil fuled plants with renewable energy plants and the necessary infrastructure 
to be built with the proper planning;  
b) 
Energy efficiency: the Italian strategy provides for a mix of physical, economic (in particular 
maintaining existing incentives regimes), regulatory and policy instruments, calibrated towards 
the sectors of activity (i.e. industry, transports and households) and type of beneficiaries;  
c) 
Energy security: In terms of security of supply, the aim is, on the one hand, to become less 
dependent on imports by increasing renewable sources and energy efficiency and, on the other 
hand, to diversify sources of supply (for example through the use of natural gas, including LNG, 
with infrastructure consistent with the scenario of full decarbonisation by 2050). The increasing 
development of RES would also need interventions over the existing electricity network with 
improvements and repowering interventions as well as the development of storage systems as 
a factor of stabilization and regulation of energy flows in peak or shortage periods; 
d) 
Internal market: a greater degree of market integration is considered to be advantageous to the 
entire Union, and therefore the electricity interconnections and market coupling with other 
Member States will be enhanced; in this respect, ;  
e) 
Research and innovation: Italian strategy focuses on three criteria: (i) the finalisation of 
resources and activities geared towards the development of processes, products and knowledge 
related to the use of renewables, energy efficiency and network technology; (ii) the synergistic 
integration between systems and technologies; (iii) the milestones in the process towards full 
decarbonization. 
Furthermore, for the implementation of the European Directives on reneuwable energy  and on the 
internal market for electricity have been approved: 
• 
Legislative Decree 210/2021: provides for the strengthening of end customers' rights in terms 
of transparency (of offers, contracts, and bills), a greater opening of the market to demand and 
storage systems, the possibility of establishing closed distribution systems, and the introduction 
of a long-term supply system for storage capacity. One of the most prominent measure, concerns 
the regulations provided for energy self-consumption schemes, as the energy community 
configurations. In addition to the modalities of participation and energy sharing being 
established, the figure of active customers is also defined, who can participate in the market 
individually, in aggregate or through energy communities and have the right to sell self-
generated electricity on the market. Another important measure concerns the introduction of a 
new market mechanism to promote the development of energy storage systems, as pump 
storage plants or batteries.  
• 
Legislative Decree 199/2021 (“RED II Decree”): lays down provisions on energy from renewable 
sources, and defines the tools, mechanisms, incentives, and institutional, financial, and legal 
framework necessary to achieve the targets for increasing the share of energy from renewable 
sources to 2030. An important measure concerns the extension with some modifications of the 
current support mechanisms dedicated to renewable energies, also integrated in new energy 
self-consumption schemes.  
ELECTRICITY REGULATION IN ITALY 
Since the electricity market liberalisation conducted under Legislative Decree 79/1999 (the “Bersani 
Decree”), implementing the EU Directive 1996/92/EC on the internal electricity market, electricity

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
activities have been primarily undertaken by private entities based on free competition. To date, except 
for distribution activity carried out under concession regime, and the activities of transport and 
dispatching, carried out by the national grid operator, the production, import, export, purchase and 
sale of electricity are free. 
Distribution, transport and dispatching activities are incompatible with the other mentioned business 
unless the latter are carried out by different companies separated from a functional and accounting 
level. From an accounting perspective, the regulation has been established by ARERA with resolution 
No. 137/2016/R/com (TIUC). In accordance with the functional unbundling obligations provided for 
under Directive 2009/72/UE and Legislative Decree 93/2011, ARERA resolution 296/2015/R/COM 
provided for the Consolidated Text on Functional unbundling obligations for companies operating in 
the electricity and gas sectors – TIUF).  
In addition to the functional unbundling obligations provided for in the sector legislation, Article 8, 
paragraph 2-bis, of Law No. 287/90 (Antitrust law) must be taken into consideration, pursuant to which 
companies that, by provisions of law, exercise the management of services of general economic interest 
or operate under a monopoly regime in the market, if they intend to carry out activities in the market, 
must operate through separate companies. 
More recently, Legislative Decree No. 210/2021 provided: (i) active role of citizens and energy 
communities that are entitled to participate in the market, directly or through aggregators or by way 
of energy communities, to sell self-generated electricity as well as to take part in flexibility mechanisms 
and energy efficiency mechanisms; (ii) e-mobility, prohibition for the distribution system operators to 
own, develop, manage or operate electric vehicle charging points to be allocated through transparent 
and non-discriminatory auction procedures.  
In compliance with the mentioned provision and the Legislative Decree 199/2021, ARERA issued the 
resolution 727/2022 (“TIAD”) regulating the different forms of participation to energy generation by 
citizens (self-consumptions, renewable energy communicates, citizens energy communicates etc.), 
effective from 1 March 2023 or the later date of entry into force of the ministerial decrees defining the 
support regime of self-consumption initiatives regulated under the TIAD.  In this respect, a draft 
ministerial decree (MASE) has been sent to the European Commision and is awaiting approval. It is to 
be noted that under the TIAD, energy communities have the possibility to extend within a larger area 
(market area for shared energy and area subtended by primary cabin for self-consumed energy 
valorization) and to include also plants with a capacity until 1 MW. This will probably contribute to the 
creation of energy communities over the following years. 
In the same direction, the regulatory framework on electricity sector has been updated by Law No. 
124/2017 (the so called “Competition Law”). In particular, the Competition Law has endorsed 
measures aiming at removing regulatory barriers to market opening, promoting the development of 
competition and ensuring consumer protection.  
As regards energy efficienty, Legislative Decree No. 102/2014, implementing the EU Directive 
2012/27/UE, has provided measures to improve energy efficiency and to achieve the primary energy 
saving national target for the period 2014-2020, by means of three main tools: (i) the Energy Efficiency 
Certificate system, (ii) the tax deductions and (iii) the Energy Efficiency Support Scheme (Conto 
Termico).  
Capacity mechanism  
In accordance with Legislative Decree No. 379 of 19 December 2003 the availability of electricity 
capacity must be regulated by a compensation mechanism aimed at ensuring adequacy of the system 
to cover the demand with the necessary reserve margins. This mechanism shall ensure transparency 
and shall not cause distortion in the market, while reducing the total costs for consumers. As a 
consequence of a complex process involving Terna S.p.A. (the company that manages electricity

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
transmission in Italy), ARERA and the Ministry of Companies and Made in Italy (MIMI), on 30 June 2014 
the MIMS approved the ministerial decree that establishes the discipline for the provisional system of 
payments to remunerate producers that make generation capacity available to the electricity system 
at times of peak demand, known as capacity payments (“Capacity Payments”).  
The Capacity Payments model was a fixed revenue system of payment for participants offering 
generation capacity in the energy market. Under such a scheme, power plant operators would not only 
be remunerated for the electricity they produce, but would also receive an additional payment for the 
guaranteed capacity they provide. 
The above-mentioned mechanism has been superseded by the so called capacity market. 
The Capacity Market is a mechanism whereby Terna S.p.A. (as TSO) procures electricity capacity 
through forward contracts awarded via competitive auctions. With the auctions the participants have 
the right to receive an annual fixed premium for the capacity made available for a given period against 
the obligation to offer committed capacity on the energy markets and to return the difference, if 
positive, between the electricity price on the energy markets and a strike price defined by ARERA. 
Succesful bidders execute with Terna S.p.A. an agreement whereby Terna S.p.A. remunerates the 
services provided in favor of the electricity system. 
The Capacity Market regulation has been elaborated by Terna S.p.A. in accordance with the criteria 
established by ARERA with Resolution ARG/ELT/98/11 and Resolution 363/2019/R/EEL. The regulation 
has been approved by the MIMI with the Decree of 28 June 2019 and with a Decree by the Italian 
Ministry of Environment and Energy Safety (MASE) of 28 October 2021. The mechanism took effect in 
November 2019, and provides for the procurement by Terna S.p.A. of the necessary capacity by way of 
auctions held in relation to a 4-year planning period (orizzonte di pianificazione) with delivery (period 
di consegna) at 1 year. 
On November 2019, Terna S.p.A. held the auctions for the delivery years 2022 and 2023, while on 21 
February 2022 for the delivery year 2024.  
Auctions are open to existing generation units (unità produttive esistenti) as well as to new generation 
units3 . In case of existing generation units the producer commits on a yearly basis, while for new 
generation units, the regulation in force provides for the possibility (upon choice of the operator) to 
execute a 15-year remuneration agreement, provided that the investments costs are not lower than a 
certain threshold defined by ARERA. 
As regards the overall results of the auctions, for 2022 and 2023 Terna contracted the whole capacity 
offered by the participants at a premium for the existing and new generation capacity equal to 
respectively, Euro 33,000 MW/year and Euro 75,000 €/MW/year. 
For the year 2024 Terna S.p.A. contracted 34.2 GW of existing capacity, 1.5 GW of licensed new capacity 
and 2.3 GW of unlicensed new capacity. The awarded premium in all national areas has been equal to 
Euro 33,000/MW/year for existing capacity and Euro 70,000/MW/year for authorized new capacity; 
for unlicensed new capacity the premium was - for the Northern area - about Euro 48,000/MW/year. 
On 28 April 2023, Terna S.p.A. lauched a consultation process, in compliance with ARERA resolutions 
98/2023 e 99/2023, whereby storage systems, starting from 1 July 2023, have been officially equaled 
to generation plants, thereby recognizing them as generation units for dispatching purposes. The 
consultation is aimed at modifying the existing regulation as regards the remuneration criteria and 
would apply to storage plants entering into operation by 17 March 2024. In this respect, it shall be 
 
3 Which include: (i) plants that have never been qualified to operate on the MGP market and have never been directly or indirectly connected 
to the network and for which the competent administration has issued the permits for construction and operation required by the regulations in 
force or for which the competent administration has initiated the procedures for the issuance; and (ii) plants for which renovation is planned or 
under implementation, to be completed by the beginning of the delivery period, for which the competent administration has issued the permits 
for the intervention or for which the competent Administration has initiated the procedures for the issuance.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
noted that following the conclusion of the pilot phase, storage systems have been considered eligible 
to participate at the capacity market mechanism starting from the capacity market main session (asta 
madre) for 2024 held on 21 February 2022, where Terna S.p.A. contracted 1.1 GW of storage capacity.  
At the same time, on 3 August 2022, with DCO 393/2022 ARERA started a consultation procedure for 
the definition of the criteria and conditions of the future storage system capacity mechanism as per 
the new provision of Art. 18, para 6, Legislative Decree 210/2021 providing for a specific storage 
capacity market (mainly for BEES and pumping facilities) managed by Terna. The provision is connected 
with the development of storage systems that should play a key role in the stabilization and 
strengthening of existing electricity infrastructures and ancillary services under the 10-year Terna S.p.A. 
development plan and the network plans local distribution companies are called to elaborate pursuant 
to Legislative Decree 93/2011 and Legislative Decree 210/2021. 
Alperia Trading S.r.l., by participating in the auction with the power plants owned by the Group for the 
delivery year 2022, was awarded 557 MW of existing capacity, which corresponds to revenues of 18.38 
milion. In addition, for the delivery year 2023 was awarded 660 MW, of which 614 MW of existing 
capacity corresponding to revenues of 20.26 milion, and 46 MW of new capacity referring to the Lasa 
plant upgrade corresponding to revenues of 51.75 milion. Finally, for the delivery year 2024 was 
awarded 632 MW of existing capacity, which corresponds to revenues of Euro 20.8 million; it was also 
awarded 22 MW of new unauthorized capacity referring to the refurbishment of the San Pancrazio 
plant, which corresponds to revenues of Euro 15.8 million over a 15-year period. 
TIDE 
The dispatching services are currently undergoing a significant reorganization by by ARERA under the 
so-called Consolidated Text on Electricity Dispatching (“TIDE”) yet to be approved.  
The reform of the dispatching service is connected with the need to (i) rationalize the general 
regulatory framework of dispatching vis-àvis the European framework and (ii) ensure the security of 
the electricity system in light of the increasing spread of non-programmable renewable energy source, 
expected to further grow in view of the achievement of 2030 and 2050 European decarbonisation 
targets (linked to the progressive substitution of conventional sources with renewables). This trend 
changes the nature and physical characteristics of the resources that can provide the ancillary services 
needed to ensure the safe operation of the system, making it necessary to remove any barriers that 
prevent their use.  
The TIDE would propose an economic merit dispatching model in which all grid resources (at least in 
principle) can take on the dual role: the "main" role of producing or consuming energy (as appropriate) 
and the "ancillary" role of providing services, which consist of the willingness to modify or temporally 
shift production and consumption with respect to a given reference, at the request of the TSO or DSO. 
This reference is represented for programmable sources by the “withdrawal and injection schedule” 
and for non-programmable sources by the so-called “baseline”, which, in practice, corresponds to the 
state of operation of the non-programmale plant in the period immediately preceding the one in which 
the service is provided. In the future, therefore, there will no longer be a market for services with 
participation limited to a few concentrated resources (and in which aggregates are allowed only on an 
experimental basis), but a system built to make concentrated and distributed resources compete on 
the same level, based on organized platforms that ensure that the most efficient flexibility resources 
are selected, at any given time and for any specific need, i.e., those that are able to modulate 
production or load at the lowest cost. 
The consultation procedure on the TIDE draft has concluded on 13 March 2023. Further measures are 
expected by ARERA in the upcoming months.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Promotion of renewable energy  
With particular reference to the promotion of electricity generated by renewable sources, the main 
current support regimes in place for renewables are the following. 
(A) 
Off-take regime  (so-called “Ritiro Dedicato”) 
Regulated under Annex A to ARERA Resolution No. 280/2007, it is managed by GSE and applies to 
plants below 10MVA or without power limitations to wind, solar, geothermic, wave tidal and hydraulic 
flowing water energy plants. Under agreements with the GSE, producers sell the electricity generated 
and to be injected into the grid to GSE, instead of selling it through bilateral contracts or directly on the 
power exchange market. GSE purchases and resells the electricity to be fed into the grid at the zonal 
price or, only for smaller plants, at  minimum guaranteed prices defined by ARERA . 
(B) 
The FER Decree 
Jointly issued on 4 July 2019 by the MIMS and the MASE, the ministerial decree at issue, known as FER 
Decree, sets the support regime for renewable energy plants, including PV plants . The support scheme 
applies to newly built, fully rebuilt and reactivated, repowered plants and plants undergoing power 
renovation. The FER Decree is the last one of a series of previous support mechanisms (e.g. CIP6, green 
certificates etc.) introduced in the past by the Italian Government to incentivize RES-E plants to reach 
the targets 2020 and 2030 of renewable energies in the energy mix. 
Access to current incentives is based on qualification as a result of: (1) plants ≥1MW: Dutch auctions 
up to the available capacity made available at each auction; and (2) plants <1MW: registry enrolment 
up to the power quota made available for each enrolment session. 
Tariffs are awarded based on the reduction on the base tariff offered by each participant. The base 
tariff varies according to the kind of energy power source as listed in Table 1.1. of Annex 1 to the FER 
Decree. The final incentive paid is equal to the difference between the awarded tariff and the hourly 
zonal price. The mechanism is based on contracts for difference, and thus the producer may have to 
pay back an amount in the case that the difference between the awarded tariff and the hourly zonal 
price is negative. 
Although the FER Decree provided for only 7 awarding procedures that have been all carried out to 
date, Art. 9 RED II Decree allowed for plants to access the incentives under the FER Decree provided 
they qualify under any subsequent awarding procedure that the GSE has been mandated to call for the 
allocation of the unassigned power capacity resulting from the previous qualification procedures. 
The possibility to access incentives under FER Decree on such terms is limited to the unassigned power 
capacity quota. Therefore, Plants could access incentives until the unassigned power capacity has been 
fully allocated under the eighth awarding procedure or any subsequent one (in case not all the capacity 
is allocated immediately) and provided they comply with the requirements for application illustrated 
above. To date further four awarding procedures have been held. 
(C) 
Upcoming support regime 
Art. 5 to 8 of RED II Decree provide for the main principles for the implementation of a new support 
regime for large scale (1 MW or more), small-scale (lower than 1 MW) renewable energy plants and 
self-consumption energy configuration as renewable energy communities. The implementation is left 
to ministerial decrees to be adopted within 180 days from the entry into force of Legislative Decree 
199/2021 (thus by 13 June 2022).  
The main principles of the new regime can be summarized as follows: a) the incentive is assigned 
through a tariff paid by the GSE on the electrical energy produced by the plant, or on the portion of 
such production that is injected into the grid or self-consumed; b) the incentive period starts from the 
date of entry into operation and is equal to the average conventional useful life of the type of plant in

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
which it falls; c) the incentive is proportionate to the costs of the intervention in order to guarantee 
fair remuneration and is applicable to the construction of new plants, reactivation of decommissioned 
plants, complete reconstruction, upgrading and refurbishment of existing plants, also taking into 
account the different specific costs and the peculiar characteristics of the different applications and 
technologies; d) the incentive may be diversified on the basis of the size and dimension of the plant in 
order to take into account the scale effect; e) the incentive is designed to favour the coupling of 
renewable energy plants with storage facilities and f) priority is given to plants installed on suitable 
areas as defined pursuant to Art. 20 RED II Decree. 
For small scale plants: (i) in relation to technologies for which generation costs are close to market 
parity, access to the incentives occurs after the entry into operation upon application, without the need 
of a previous qualification under registries or auction procedures; admission is granted until the 5-year 
power capacity threshold (as established by the relevant ministerial decrees) is reached; the incentive 
should be designed such as to favor self-consumption as well as the coupling of plants with storage 
solutions; (ii) in relation to technologies for which generation costs are not close to market parity, 
access to the incentives occurs through pre-qualification awarding procedures with power quota caps. 
For large-scale plants: access to the incentives occurs through rebate auctions. 
As regard, offshore plants, a new support framework should be introduced, based on the draft of the 
so-called FER 2 Ministerial Decree dated 15 March 2022, yet to be published. 
Large hydropower concessions 
Exercising electricity generation plants feed by hydroelectric energy are subject to obtaining a public 
water use concession (concessione di derivazione). The specific proceedings for the awarding of the 
concessionaire title as well as its renewal is regulated in particular by the Royal Decree No. 1775/1933, 
the Bersani Decree and, only for the autonomous provinces of Bolzano and Trento, by the Autonomy 
Statute of Trentino-Alto Adige. According to the current regulatory framework all the concessions are 
temporary (i.e. granted for a determined period of time).  
Although concessions should be per se temporary, for long time no awarding procedures have been 
performed, because of a series of national provisions providing from time to time for the prorogation 
(proroga tecnica) of the existing concession, with continuation of the concessions in favor of the 
original concessionaires, which led to the opening of an almost 20-year long infraction procedure by 
the UE (procedure 2011/2026) against Italy (and other Member States) for breach of competition 
rules, subsequently closed by the EU Commission due to the fact, among others, that the peculiarities 
of the hydroelectric sector would not allow for a higher degree of competition compared to the existing 
one.  
In this respect, the regulation of large hydroelectric concessions has been recently considerably 
reformed, first by Law No. 205 of December 27, 2017 (Budget Law 2018, Article 1, Section 833 that 
modified the art.13 of the Autonomy Statute of Trentino-Alto Adige), then by Decree-Law No. 135 of 
December 14, 2018 (converted, with amendments, into Law No. 12/2019), Law 160/2019 (Budget Law 
2020) and most recently by Law No. 118/2022 (Competition Law 2021). 
In light of the foregoing, the discipline of large hydroelectric concessions (i) in relation to ordinary 
regions (Regioni a statuto ordinario) is regulated by Art. 12 Bersani Decree; (ii) in relation to the 
Autonomous Provinces of Trento and Bolzano as well as the other special statute regions (Regioni a 
statuto speciale) is regulated by the latter in compliance with their competenes under the special status 
although without prejudice to the fundamental principles established by the legislator. 
As far as fundamental principles are concerned, pursuant to Art. 12 Bersani Decree, without prejudice 
to what is provided by the Autonomy Statute for the Autonomous Provinces of Trento and Bolzano,(i) 
the awarding procedure for large hydroelectric concession should be started by 31 December 2023 and 
(ii) in relation to concessions expiring before 31 December 2024, the Region can allow for the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
continuation of the concession by the current concessionaire pending the performance of the awarding 
procedures, which must in any case be concluded within 3 years from the entry into force of the 
amended provision (thus by 27 August 2025). 
Ordinary Regions 
The regions are required to regulate, by their own laws, the terms and procedures for awarding of 
concessions of large water derivations for hydroelectric purposes, which must take place within the 
following two years. The deadline for the adoption of these regulations was extended from March 31, 
2020 to 31 October 2020 by Article 125-bis of Decree Law No. 18/2020 (converted with amendments 
into Law No. 27/2020), in relation to the state of emergency declared as a result of the epidemiological 
spread Covid-19. For regions affected by the 2020 regional elections, the aforementioned provision 
extended the deadline of 31 October 2020 by an additional 7 months from the date of appointment of 
the new regional council. 
Regional laws must bear certain contents legislatively predefined by the national framework, such as 
the procedures to conduct awarding procedures; the deadlines for the start of the procedures; the 
admission and allocation criteria; the requirements of financial, organizational and technical capacity 
technical capacity appropriate to the object of the concession required of participants and the criteria 
for evaluating project proposals. 
In particular, the laws should provide for the following minimum requirements, among which: (i) for 
the purpose of demonstrating adequate organizational and technical capacity of the concessionaire, 
the participants must have operated for a least 5 years hydro power  plants with an average rated 
capacity of at least 3 MW; (ii) the terms of duration of new concessions, ranging from 20 to 40 years; 
the maximum term may be increased up to a maximum of 10 years, depending on the complexity of 
the proposed project submitted and the amount of the envisaged investment; (iii) management 
obligations or limitations, subject to which projects for the exploitation and use of the works and water, 
including the possibility of using the invaded water for hydroelectric purposes to cope with water crisis 
situations or for flood lamination; (iv) minimum energy improvements in terms generation power and 
producibility to be achieved taking into account the national strategic objectives on energy security 
and renewable energy sources; (v) minimum levels in terms of environmental improvement and 
rehabilitation of the catchment area; (vi) the modalities of evaluation by the relevant administration of 
the projects submitted as a result of to the awarding procedures, which will take place as part of a 
single procedure for the purpose of the selection of the submitted project proposals, which takes place 
of the environmental impact assessment procedure, the VINCA procedure with respect to the affected 
sites of community importance as well as of the landscape authorization, and any other act of consent, 
concession, permit howeve named for the authorization of the project, with the participation of the 
MASE, the MIMI and the MIC, as necessary. 
Moreover, Art. 12 Bersani Decree clarifies that the concession can be assigned (i) to private companies 
thoruhg tender procedures or (ii) to public companies where the private shareholder is selected as a 
result of public procedures or (iii) through public-private partnership (partenariato pubblico-privato) in 
compliance with the provisions of the Code of Public Contracts (Legislative Decree 36/2023). 
In relation to the remuneration in favor of the outgoing concessionarie (concessionario uscente), Art. 
12, para 1, Bersani Decree provides that: (a) as regards wet works (opere bagnate, such as dams, 
penstocks, culverts etc.) if the concessionaire has performed interventions over the assets, at its own 
expense and during the period of validity of the concession, provided that such investments are 
envisaged in the concession or in any case authorized by the grantor, the former concessionaire is 
entitled to a compensation equal to the non-depreciated value of the assets; (b) as regards dry works 
(opera asciutte e.g. tangible assets) the outgoing concessionaire is entitled to an amount quantified 
pursuant to Art. 25, para 2 and ff., Royal Decree No 1775/1933 net of the depreciated assets, based on 
the criteria of Art. 12, paragraph 1-ter Bersani Decree. Thus, the amount should be calculated based 
on the estimated value of the assets in place, at the time of takeover, without considering any potential

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
income to be derived from it, as resulting from, in terms of residual value, the data available from the 
accounting records of the outgoing concessionaire or by means of a sworn appraisal. 
It shall however be noted that based on Art. 12, para 1-ter Bersani Decree (providing for the criteria 
the Regions should follow when implementing the regulation on concessions awarding) the 
compensation recognized to the outgoing concessionaire may vary depending on the underlying assets 
that the new concessionaire is going to use, to be indicated in the project submitted by this latter new 
concessionaire for the concession awarding. Indeed, the compensation is recognized as long as the 
relevant asset is “used” and thus taken over by the new concessionaire. Otherwise, if movable, it will 
be dismantled, while if immovable, it will be simply retained by the outgoing concessionaire. Therefore, 
it may well happen that only some assets underlying the concession are transferred to the new 
concessionaire (so-called cherry picking), and not the whole going concern. In any case, as of today 
only a few regions have taken regulatory action and none of them has initiated the reallocation process. 
Autonomous Provinces of Trento and Bolzano 
With specific reference to the Trentino – Alto Adige Region, the issuance of new licenses or 
reassignment for large hydropower concessions is managed by the Autonomous Provinces, pursuant 
to the Decree of the President of the Republic No. 670/1972 recently modified (i.e. the Autonomous 
Statute of Trentino-Alto Adige). 
More precisely, Budget Law 2018, Budget Law 2020 and Competition Law 2021 modified Art. 13 of the 
Special Statute of Trentino Alto Adige. 
Pursuant to the modified version of Art. 13 Special Statue of Trentino Alto Adige: (i) the autonomous 
provinces of Trento and Bolzano have been given the power to regulate, by provincial law, the methods 
and procedures for awarding concessions, establishing, in particular, procedural rules for the holding 
of tenders, the terms for calling the same tenders, admission and award criteria, and the financial, 
organizational and technical requirements of the participants; (ii) at the expiration of the concession, 
the so called wet works are transferred in the ownership of the autonomous provinces; (iii) concessions 
expiring before 31 December 2024 are automatically extended until the completion of the awarding 
procedures for the selection of the new incumbent.  
The above transfer of competences is in any case without prejudice to the principle of uniform 
regulation of the main aspects of the discipline, i.e. those related to the compliance with European 
regulation concerning awarding of public goods and services functional to the protection of 
competition and transparency (as clarified by the Consitutional Court with ruling No. 117/2022). 
In relation to the remuneration in favor of the outgoing concessionarie (concessionario uscente) Art. 
13 Special Statute provides that: (a) as regards wet works, the concessionaire who has made, at his 
own expense and during the period of validity of the concession, investments, provided that they are 
contemplated in the concession deed or otherwise authorized by the grantor, shall be entitled upon 
expiration of the concession, or in cases of forfeiture or renunciation, to an indemnity equal to the 
value of the part of the asset that has not been depreciated, in accordance with the relevant provincial 
law regulating such aspect; (b) as regards dry works, the concessionaire is entitles to an amount 
determined in accordance with Art. 25, para 2, Royal Decree 1775/1933, i.e. the estimated value of the 
assets in place, at the time of takeover, without considering any potential income to be derived from it 
(differently from Bersani Decree, which provides for dry works to value only the undepreciated part, 
with reference to accounting data or expert opinion and depending on the “use” of the relevant 
component). 
In this respect, the autonomous province of Trento on September 2022 adopted an amendment to 
provincial law 16/2022 providing for the suspension of the awarding procedures for those concessions 
in which respect the concessionaire presents or has presented an investment plan equal to the duration 
of such plan. The Italian Government challenged such provision before the Constitutional Court on 5

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
April 2023 starting also a confrontation with the autonomus province of Trento to find a viable solution 
taking into account also the industrial needs of the concessionaires promoting the investment plan. 
The confrontation should also examine the compatibility of potential scenarios of extenstion of the 
concessions vis-à-vis the competition principles. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group’s hydropower plants are located exclusively 
in the Autonomous Province of Bolzano. For further information, see “Description of the Issuer and the 
Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group” and “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – 
Concessions, licences and other public instruments” above.  
Distribution 
Distribution can be defined as the transportation and conversion of electric energy, from the 
transmission grid, on distribution networks of medium and low-voltage for delivery to end-users. 
Distribution companies in Italy are licensed by the state (specifically, the Ministry of Companies and 
Made in Italy  - former Ministry of Industry, Trade anc Crafting - pursuant to Art. 1, para 1, Bersani 
Decree) to provide distribution services to all clients who request them. These clients are subject to 
the payment of applicable tariffs. As regards the Trentino-Alto Adige Region, electricity distribution 
concession are granted by the autonomous provinces of Trento and Bolzano pursuant to Art. 1 DPR 
235/1977 (specifying the competences transferred pursuant to Art 8, 9 and 10 of thw Trentino-Alto 
Adige Region). 
The Bersani Decree sought to promote the consolidation of the Italian electricity distribution industry 
by providing for a single distribution licence within each municipality and establishing procedures to 
consolidate distribution activities under a single operator in municipalities where both Enel S.p.A. (the 
former monopolist) and a local distribution company were engaged in electricity distribution. The same 
Decree gave local distribution companies the right to request that Enel S.p.A. sell its distribution 
networks located in the municipalities where those companies already distributed electricity to at least 
20% of the consumers. 
Regulated activities are remunerated through the network tariff component, which is set directly by 
the ARERA at the same level for all operators on the national territory. At the end of 2019, with 
resolutions 568/2019/R/eel ARERA adopted the new tariff and quality regulation for transmission, 
distribution and metering services for the period 2020-2023 in the context of the eight year regulatory 
period set under resolution 654/2015/R/eel. Capital expenditures, depreciation and operating costs 
for providing transmission, distribution and metering services are covered by tariffs set up by ARERA 
at the beginning of each regulatory period and updated on a yearly basis with an inflation and an 
efficiency parameters.  
In 2015, with resolution 583/2015/R/com, it was established an overall reform of the “return on 
invested capital” (WACC), pursued to avoid the extreme rates’ volatility experienced during the last 
years of financial turbolences. This reform ARERA has established a floor to the risk free rate (one of 
the main component of the WACC formula), considered the minimum reasonable return for 
infrastructure investments, and has defined a “country risk premium” to isolate the higher return 
requested by investors to finance companies in high-risk countries (like Italy). In 2021, with resolution 
641/2021/R/com ARERA set the parameters for the WACC formula in relation to the period 2022-2027. 
With Resolution 163/2023 ARERA approved the integrated text of the regulation by expenditure and 
service objectives (ROSS) for regulated infrastructure services of the electricity and gas sectors for the 
period 2024-2031 (TIROSS 2024-2031) defining, inter alia the criteria for determining the recognised 
cost common to all regulated infrastructure services of the electricity and gas sectors (the so-called 
“ROSS-base”) for the period 2024-2031, relevant for the determination of the constraint on companies' 
allowed revenues. The "ROSS-base" approach will focus on total expenditures-including through the 
use of standard coefficients for defining capitalised expenditures, thus overcoming the current cost

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
recognition regime that considers operating costs (with price-cap incentives) and capital expenditures 
(with a rate-of-return adjustment) separately. 
The regulation confirms the tariff decoupling approach: for each regulated infrastructure service of the 
electricity and gas sectors, limitations on the allowed revenue are set, also through the definition of 
fees that size this constraint, together with the tariffs relevant to the use of infrastructure, which for 
distribution services are named “mandatory tariffs”. The balance between actual revenues and the 
companies' allowed revenue is ensured by appropriate compensatory mechanisms. In service-specific 
regulations, compensatory mechanisms may be defined on account. Revenue related to compensatory 
mechanisms is covered through tariff components, including additional ones, for network use. 
Efficiency incentives are calculated as a function of the difference between total reference spending, 
or total spending baseline, and total actual spending (total efficiency recovery). Total efficiency 
recovery, for the purpose of setting efficiency incentives, is distinguished into two parts: total efficiency 
recovery allocated to operations and total efficiency recovery allocated to investment. The allocation 
is made on the basis of allocation coefficients set in advance by ARERA, based on the efficiency recovery 
expectations related to investment and operational management, according to reasonableness criteria, 
when setting the tariff regulation for each regulated infrastructure service. Total efficiency recoveries 
allocated to investments are distributed between enterprises and users, for each regulated 
infrastructure service, on the basis of a sharing coefficient equal to 70%. As a result, enterprises are 
left with an incentive coefficient equal to 30% of the higher/lower efficiencies compared to the 
expenditure forecast. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group deals with the electricity distribution in several 
municipalities of the Province of Bolzano pursuant to Decree of the President of the Republic No. 
235/1977. Specifically, thought the company Edyna S.r.l., Alperia performs the electricity distribution 
services in the Province of Bolzano, previously awarded to Enel Distribuzione S.p.A. 
Specifically, Edyna has undertaken the gas distribution activity following the merger in 2016 between 
Azienda Energetica Reti SpA-Etschwerke AG (AEW) and SELNET, of which SELNET was the former 
concesssionaire performing the electricity distribution service in the territory of Alto Adige since 2011 
(taken over from Enel Distribuzione S.p.A.. The electricity distribution service concession has a 
durawtion until 2030, as also indicated in the electricity distribution plan approved by the Autonomous 
Province of Bolzano with DGP n. 2626 on 30 July 2007. For further information, see “Description of the 
Issuer and the Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group” and “Description of the Issuer and the 
Alperia Group – Concessions, licences and other public instruments” above. 
Sale of electricity  
Electricity is traded in two main markets, which are the wholesale and the retail markets.  
Wholesale 
Following Bersani Decree, also the wholesale activity became a liberalized activity that can be carried 
out between companies that produce or buy and resell electric energy. The Italian Power Exchange 
(hereinafter the “IPEX”), which is managed by GME, is the venue where electric energy transactions 
take place. The IPEX is structured as follows:  
(a) 
Spot Electricity Market (“Mercato Elettrico a Pronti”) which, in turn, consists of four submarkets:  
(i) 
Day-Ahead Market (“Mercato del Giorno Prima” or “MGP”): it hosts most of the electricity 
sale and purchase transactions. The MGP market is an auction-based market and not a 
continuous-trading market. GME acts as a central counterparty. 
(ii) 
Intra-Day Market (“Mercato Infragiornaliero” or “MI”): the venue where market 
participants can modify the programs defined in the day-ahead market by submitting 
additional supply offers or demand bids. The MI takes place in seven sessions: MI1, MI2,

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
MI3, MI4, MI5, MI6 and MI7. Unlike in the MGP market, accepted demand bids are valued 
at the zonal price. GME acts as a central counterparty.  
(iii) 
Daily Products Market (“Mercato dei Prodotti Giornalieri” or  “MPEG”): it is the venue for 
the trading of daily products with the obligation of energy delivery. GME acts as a central 
counterparty. 
(iv) 
Dispatching Service Market or Ancillary Services Market (“Mercato del Servizio di 
Dispacciamento” or “MSD”): the venue where Terna S.p.A. procures the resources 
necessary to manage and control the system (intrazonal congestion resolution, power 
reserve creation, real-time balancing). 
(b) 
Forward Electricity Market (“Mercato Elettrico a Termine dell’energia elettrica con obbligo di 
consegna e ritiro”), where forward electricity contracts with delivery and withdrawal obligations 
are traded4.  
In addition to the above, in March 2022, pursuant to Art 28 Legislative Decree 199/2021, the GME has 
established a dedicated on-line platform managed by the same entity for promoting the encounter 
between parties interested in selling and purchasing energy through power purchase agreements 
(PPAs) - so called Bacheca PPA. Participation to the Bacheca PPA is voluntary. Any contracts concluded 
by the parties participating to the PPA platform following the encounter on the platform or also outside 
the platform shall be registered in a dedicated section of the PPA platform. Registration does not affect 
the validity of contracts, but it serves as a tool for the GME to monitor transactions for evaluating the 
creation of a stable and regulated market on PPAs. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group acts in the wholesale market through Alperia 
Smart Services Srl and Fintel Gas e Luce Srl. For further information, see “Description of the Issuer and 
the Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group” 
Retail 
As far as the retail market is concerned, with Law 124/2017 and subsequent interventions, the 
government has set a clear path to progressively abandon the so-called protected market regime 
(maggior tutela), reserved to households and SMEs that had not chosen a supplier on the free market 
as of 1 July 2007 (when all customers became “eligible”, i.e. free to chose their supplier). Based on the 
current regulation set by ARERA under the Consolidated Text of Electricity Sale (TIV – ARERA Resolution 
288/2022/R/eel), the electricy supply regimes are the following: 
(i) 
protected market (maggior tutela), available to households until 10 January 2024, where the 
terms and conditionsof supply are defined by ARERA as well as the economic conditions 
(updated every 3 months). Thereafter, households who by said date have not chosen a supplier 
on the free market will be supplied under the dynamic protected market (servizio tutele 
graduali); 
(ii) 
dynamic protected market (servizio tutele graduali – STG), available to (a) as of 1 January 2021, 
small businesses and micro-enterprises with a committed capacity of more than 15 kW; (b) as 
of 10 January 2024, households and other subjects different from those referred to under point 
(a) who have not chosen a supplier in the free market. The supply is provided by companies 
selected as a result of public tender procedures held by the Acquirente Unico S.p.A. every 3 
years. 
(iii) 
last resort supply (servizio di ultima istanza), available to consumers not eligible for the 
protected market or the dynamic protected market or any other consumers that for whatever 
 
4  For the sake of completeness please note that a further market within the IPEX was the “Delivery of electricity derivatives” 
which was the platform for physical delivery of financial contracts concluded on IDEX (the derivatives segment of Borsa 
Italiana SpA) where financial electricity derivatives are traded and that it is no longer active.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
resons remains without a supplier. The supply is provided by companies selected as a result of 
public tender procedures held by the Acquirente Unico S.p.A. every two years. 
Sale of electricity in the retail markets can be performed only by subjects enrolled in the vendors list 
kept at the Ministry of Environmenta and Energy Safety (MASE) established with Ministerial Decree n. 
164 of 25 agosto 2022, in compliance with Art. 1, para 80, 80-bis and 81 Law 124/2017. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group acts in the retail market serving both 
households as well as other kind of customers based on a free market regime(without prejudice to the 
protected market regime which currently coexists with the free market). For further information, see 
“Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group”. 
Extra Profitti regulation 
Extra-profits RES-E 
Art. 15-bis of Law-Decree No. 4/2022, converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 25/2022 
(hereinafter “Art. 15-bis”) provides for a provisional levy mechanism aimed at tackling additional 
revenues (so-called “extra-profits RES-E”) deriving from the high electricity market prices generated 
by the Russian-Ukrainian war on the assumption (as it emerges from the parliamentary work) that 
these would be contingent revenues. 
Article 15-bis, in particular, introduced a two-way compensation mechanism for some renewable 
energy technologies on energy produced from February 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 by the 
following plants: 
a. 
photovoltaic plants of more than 20 kW capacity eligible for Conto Energia incentives not 
dependent on market prices. 
b. 
plants of more than 20 kW power, not incentivized and powered by solar, hydropower, 
geothermal and wind power, provided that they entered into operation before January 1, 2010. 
The measure provides for a “contract for difference” mechanism, considering: 
- 
 a “reference price” as specified in Annex I-bis attached to the decree (based on the arithmetic 
average of the hourly prices of each market zone, recorded from January 1, 2010 to December 
31, 2020, equal to 58 €/MWh for market zone “North”); 
- 
the “market price”, i.e., in a nutshell, the price received by the producer for the sale of the 
energy set equal to the hourly zonal market price or, in case hedging contracts  previously 
subscribed with an average price higher than the “reference price” + 10%, he price provided for 
in such contracts. 
Art. 15-bis, paragraph 4, provides that in the event of a negative difference in the aforementioned 
values, the GSE is entitled to collect such amount from the producer either by offsetting or by 
requesting from the producer the corresponding amount, while if the difference is positive the GSE 
shall pay the relevant amount to the producer. 
Pursuant to Art. 15-bis, paragraph 7, in relation to the year 2022, the mechanism under consideration 
does not apply provided that: (i) the sale of energy is governed by a contract entered into before 
January 27, 2022, which is not linked to the price trend of the energy spot markets; and (ii) the price 
stipulated in such contracts is not 10% higher than the reference price identified by the law, which is 
in any case much lower than the price cap introduced in the meanwhile under EU Regulation 
2022/1854 of Euro 180 per MWh. Pursuant to the implementing regulation adopted by ARERA with 
Resolution No. 266/2022/R/eel, producers had to provide the GSE with the relevant information 
necessary to determine the application or the exclusion from the mechanism within 10 August 2022. 
In this respect, Art. 4 Resolution No. 266/2022/R/eel provides for partial exemptions from the 
Extraprofits RES-E in relation to (i) revamping or repowered plants entered into operation before 1

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
January 2010; (ii) plants including storage systems (such asmixed pumping hydropower plants and 
plants including electrochemical batteris); (iii) hydropower plants for which the producer is obliged to 
supply energy for free the autonomous Provinces of Trento and Bolzano (limited to the amount of 
energy provided to such entities). 
The above-mentioned provisions, together with the implementing regulation adopted by ARERA with 
Resolution No. 266/2022/R/eel, have been challenged by many operators before the regional 
administrative court (TAR) of Milan that on 1 December 2022 published its decision (limited to the 
ruling section – dispositivo) only on same selected cases, providing for the illegitimacy of the ARERA 
resolution5. The full judgement, including the whole reasoning of the court, has been made available 
only on February 2023. The TAR decision has been appealed before the State Council that on 22 March 
2023 granted the preliminary suspension (sospensione cautelare) of the effectiveness of the first 
degree ruling, thereby restoring the ARERA implementing regulation and thus the effectiveness of the 
Extra-profitti mechansim. The public hearing has been scheduled on 5 December 2023. 
In the meantime, following the changes introduced under Article 11 Law-Decree No. 155 of 9 August 
2022, converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 142 of 21 September 2022, the mechansim 
at issue has been extended until 30 June 2023. The same provision introduced further amendments. 
In this respect: 
- 
Art. 15-bis, paragraph 7-bis, Law-Decree No. 4/2022, introduced by Article 11, para 3, Law-
Decree No. 155 of 9 August 2022, converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 142 of 21 
September 2022, provides that the two ways compensaton mechanism does not apply to 
energy sale contracts executed between companies belonging to the same corporate group 
pursuant to Article 2497 to 2947-septies ICC; 
- 
pursuant to Art. 15-bis, paragraph 7-ter, Law-Decree No. 4/2022, introduced by Article 11, para 
3, Law-Decree No. 155 of 9 August 2022, converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 142 
of 21 September 2022, for the year 2023, the extra profit mechanism applies only to contracts 
entered into before August 5, 2022; 
Such an extension has been implemented by Arera with Resolution no. 143/2023/R/eel. 
Budget Law 2023 extra-profits 
In addition to the above, a one-way compensation mechanism was introduced by Law 197/2022 
(“Budget Law 2023”) for the period between 1 December 2022 and 30 June 2023 for plants not falling 
within the scope of the compensation mechanism set forth by Law Decree No. 4/2022 (the “Budget 
Law 2023 extra profits”).  Specifically, Art. 1, para 30 to 38, Budget Law 2023, provide for a “price cap” 
one-way mechanism, applying from December 1, 2022 until June 30, 2023, considering: 
a) 
a “reference price” equal to the one established under EU Regulation 2022/1854 of Euro 180 
per MWh. For sources with generation costs higher than Euro 180 per MWh, the reference price 
is equal to a value established in accordance with criteria defined by ARERA with the mentioned 
Resolution no. 143/2023, taking into account investment and operating costs and a fair return 
on investment. To this end, in the case of plants incentivized with one-way mechanisms other 
than those that replaced green certificates, the reference price is equal to the maximum value 
between the amount of Euro 180 per MWh and the incentive tariff; 
b) 
a “market price” equal to the monthly average of the hourly zonal market price, calculated as a 
weighted average for non-programmable plants, based on the production profile of the 
 
5  It is worth noting that the TAR has not decided on the compatibility of Art. 15 bis and Arera Resolution no. 266/2022 with 
the EU Regulation 2022/1854 introducing a price cap of 180 Euros to the sale of energy, to be applied from December 
2022 until June 2023. This non compatibility has been promoted by the claimants with so called “motivi aggiunti”, not yet 
decided by the TAR.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
individual plant, and as an arithmetic average for programmable plants, or, for supply contracts 
entered into before the date of entry into force of Budget Law 2023 (i.e. 13 January 2023) 
provided that they do not fall under the exclusion provided by Art. 1, para 37, Budget Law 2023, 
at the price indicated in such contracts  
Art. 1, paragraph 33, Budget Law 2023 provides that in the event of a negative difference in the 
aforementioned values, the GSE is entitled to collect such amount from the producer or offset the 
same against other amounts due to the producer. 
Pursuant to Art. 1, para 37, Budget Law 2023, the one-way mechanism at issue does not apply to:  
- 
plants with a capacity of up to 20 kW; 
- 
electricity falling within the scope of Article 5-bis of Law-Decree No. 14 of February 25, 2022, 
converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 28 of April 5, 2022; 
- 
hedging contracts concluded before December 1, 2022, provided that they are not linked to the 
price trend of the energy spot markets and that, in any case, the average price is not higher 
than the reference price under point a) above; 
- 
off-take regime agreements (RID) concluded  with the GSE pursuant to Article 16-bis of Law-
Decree No. 17 of March 1, 2022, converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 34 of April 
27, 2022, and which, in any case, are not stipulated at an average price higher than the 
reference price under point a) above; 
- 
renewable source plants (i) for which the producer has executed an incentive agreement based 
on a two-way incentivation mechanism, (ii) incentivized by way of all-inclusive fixed feed-in 
tariff (tariffa onnicomprensiva fissa) as well as (iii) electricity shared within energy communities 
and self-consumption configurations referred to in Article 30 of Legislative Decree 199/2021. 
ARERA has introduced the implementing regulation of the one-way mechanis at issue with Resolution 
No. 143/2023/R/eel (which is thus common to both the Extraprofits RES-E extended mechanism and 
the Budget Law 2023 extra profits). 
Extraordinary solidarity contribution 
Decreto Ucraina-bis 
In order to cope with the increase in electricity and gas prices resulting from the effects of the Russian-
Ukrainian crisis, on 21 March 2022 the government adopted Law-Decree No. 21/2022 (Urgent 
measures to counter the economic and humanitarian effects of the Ukrainian crisis) converted into 
law, with amendments, by Law No. 51 of May 20, 2022 (the so-called “Decreto Ucraina-bis”) 
subsequently amended by Article 55 of Decree-Law No. 50/2022, converted into law by Law No. 
91/2022. 
Specifically, Art. 37 of the aforementioned Decree provided, for the year 2022, an extraordinary 
solidarity levy to be borne by certain entities, with the declared purpose “to contain for businesses 
and consumers the effects of the increase in prices and tariffs in the energy sector”. 
Recipients of this extraordinary levy measure are companies engaged in the business of producing 
electricity, natural gas or extracting natural gas for subsequent sale, entities reselling electricity, 
natural gas and methane gas or engaged in the business of producing, distributing and trading 
petroleum products. The levy is also payable by those who, for subsequent resale, permanently 
import electricity, natural gas or methane gas, petroleum products or who bring into the state territory 
said goods from other states of the European Union. The contribution is due if at least 75% of the 
turnover in the year 2021 is derived from the above-mentioned activities.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
The taxable base is the increase in the balance between active and passive transactions for value-
added tax (VAT), referring to the period from 1 October 2021 to 30 April 2022, compared to the 
balance of the period from 1 October 2020 to 30 April 2021. 
The contribution shall be applied at the rate of 25% in cases where said increase exceeds € 5.000.000. 
The contribution is not due if the increase is less than 10% or, in any case, if the aforementioned 
threshold of 5.000.000 euros is not exceeded. 
The provision at issue has been implemented by the Tax Agency with the Note of the Director of the 
Internal Revenue Service no. 221978 of 17 June 2022, Circulars n. 22/E of 23 June 2022 and Circular 
n. 25/E of 11 July 2022, defining the modalities for the collection of the solidarity levy at issue. 
The implementing regulations have been challenged before tge TAR Lazio. The hearings have been 
scheduled starting from June 2023. 
Budget Law 2023 
Art. 1, para 115-121 Budget Law 2023 introduced an extraordinary contribution for the year 2023, 
which is de facto, with some changes, an extension of the one originally provided under Decreto 
Ucraina bis. Indeed, the contribution at issue applies to the same recipients and activities and is due 
if at least 75% of the turnover in the fiscal year before January 1, 2023 is derived from the above-
mentioned activities. 
The extraordinary contribution is determined by applying a rate equal to 50% on the amount of the 
portion of total income determined for corporate income tax purposes in relation to the fiscal year 
prior to the one in progress as of January 1, 2023, that exceeds by at least by 10% the average of total 
income determined for corporate income tax purposes in the four fiscal years prior to the one in 
progress as of January 1, 2022; in the event that the average of total income is negative, a value of 
zero shall be assumed. In this respect, it shall be noted that the threshold of 10% is in contrast with 
EU Regulation 2022/1854 providing for a threshold of 20%. Moreover, the scope of application of the 
national provision is also in contrast in that it involves also renewable energy generation, while 
according to the Regulation at issue the solidarity levy was to apply to companies active in gas, oil and 
refinery sector. 
The amount of the extraordinary contribution, in any case, may not exceed 25% of the value of 
shareholders' equity as of the closing date of the fiscal year prior to the one in progress as of January 
1, 2022. 
NATURAL GAS REGULATION IN ITALY 
Italian regulations enacted in May 2000 (Legislative Decree No. 164 of 23 May 2000, the “Letta 
Decree”) implementing EU directives on gas sector liberalisation (1998/30/EC) introduced competition 
into the Italian natural gas market through the liberalisation of the import, export, transport, 
dispatching, and sale of gas. The liberalisation process was successively strengthened by EU Directive 
2003/55/EC and by EU Directive 2009/73/EC on natural gas internal market, comprised in the Third 
Energy Package as implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree 93/2011. 
Pursuant to the Letta Decree, until 31 December 2010, no single operator was allowed to import or 
produce gas (for the purpose of selling such gas, directly or through subsidiaries, holding companies or 
companies controlled by the same holding company) in a quantity exceeding a specified percentage of 
the total domestic gas consumption, set at 75% in 2002 and decreasing by two percentage points each 
year thereafter, to 61% in 2010. At the same time, until that date, no single operator was allowed to 
hold a market share higher than 50% of domestic sales to final clients, directly or through subsidiaries, 
holding companies or companies controlled by the same holding company. Legislative Decree No. 130 
of 23 April 2010 set new antitrust caps that prevent any single operator from introducing into Italy gas

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
in a quantity exceeding 40% of domestic gas consumption. This cap may be lifted to 55% if the relevant 
operator invests in new storage capacity equal to at least 4 billion cubic metres.  
Law No. 99/2009 foresees the constitution of a market exchange for the supply and sale of natural gas, 
managed by GME.  
GME organises and manages the natural gas market (the “MGAS”). In the MGAS, parties authorised to 
carry out transactions at the "Punto Virtuale di Scambio" (PSV – Virtual Trading Point) may make spot 
purchases and sales of natural gas quantities. In the MGAS, GME plays the role of central counterparty 
of the transactions concluded by market participants. The MGAS consists of a Day-Ahead Gas Market 
(MGP-GAS), a Intra-Day Gas Market (MI-GAS) and a Forward Gas Market (MT-GAS).  
Transportation and dispatch 
According to the Letta Decree, transporting and dispatching gas is considered an activity of public 
interest. Companies involved in these activities must guarantee access on a non-discriminatory basis 
to users who request it, provided that the connection works required are technically and economically 
feasible. Companies that carry out transport and dispatch activities govern the flow of gas and the 
auxiliary services needed for the system to function, including modulation. These companies are also 
responsible for the strategic storage of gas under MIMS directives6 and they must ensure compliance 
with any other obligations aimed at guaranteeing the safety, reliability, efficiency and lowest cost of 
the service and of supplies. 
From 1 January 2002, only operators that have no other activities in the gas production process, except 
for storage activities, may transport and dispatch gas. Even so, all such storage and transportation 
activities must be accounted for separately. 
Storage 
Pursuant to the Letta Decree, as modified by Law Decree No. 179/2012, storage activities are 
conducted under concessions, granted by the MIMS, which have terms of 30 years and may be 
extended for one further ten-year period. Operators are required to provide storage services to third 
parties upon request, with priority for residential clients, provided that they have enough capacity and 
that providing such storage services are economically and technically feasible.  
The ARERA regulates the storage tariff system establishing the criteria for the determination of tariffs 
for each regulatory period. With resolution 419/2019/R/gas, ARERA defined the storage tariffs for the 
regulatory period 2020-2025.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group does carry out gas storage activity through 
Alperia Trading S.r.l. 
Distribution 
The Letta Decree established that distribution activities must be exercised only by operators having 
won tenders for gas distribution concessions for periods not exceeding 12 years. Licensees of 
distribution networks are obliged to grant access to any third party that so requests on the basis of 
tariffs set by the AEEGSI and in compliance with its network code. The AEEGSI, in July 2004, adopted 
Resolution No. 138/2004 (as subsequently amended by many AEEGSI resolutions), which sets the 
criteria for access to distribution services and for the drafting of the network codes by distribution 
operators, introducing special measures for the operations of interconnection points between 
transportation and distribution networks. 
The operation of the gas distribution service is regulated by a concession agreement which provides, 
inter alia, the rules for the operation of the service by the concessionaire, the obligations and rights of 
the concessionaires on the assets, the quality service targets, the economic terms and conditions, 
 
6 Legislative Decree No. 93/2011 abolished the ratio imports/strategic storage = 10%.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
consequences in case of defaults, conditions for the termination of the concession, etc. Nevertheless, 
outgoing operators are still required to continue providing the service, within the limits of the ordinary 
administration, until the date of the new assignments. 
Prior to the implementation of the reform of the gas distribution sector started with the Letta Decree, 
all gas distribution concessions were awarded by Municipal Authorities. Subsequently Article 46 bis of 
Law Decree 159/2007 introduced the principle that gas distribution services must be rendered within 
wider geographical areas and no longer at a municipal level. 
A first decree (Ministerial Decree dated 19 January 2011) setting out the criteria for establishing the 
territorial jurisdictions was published on 31 March 2011 and a second decree (Ministerial Decree dated 
18 October 2011) defining the composition of the so-called Ambiti Territoriali Minimi (“ATEMs”) was 
published on 28 October 2011. 
On 12 November 2011, the MIMS adopted decree No. 226/2011, regulating the new tender procedure 
for the awarding of the distribution concessions within the ATEMs (“Tenders Decree”). According to 
Article 12 of the Tenders Decree, the selection is made on the basis of the most economically 
convenient offer, calculated through the combination of three parameters (economic conditions, 
security and quality criteria and network development plans). A specific score is assigned to each of 
the aforementioned parameters by a commission of five independent members, on the basis of the 
sub-criteria and specifications established in the call for bids. 
The terms originally expected to begin and carry out the tenders, however, were subject to numerous 
deferrals by way of Law Decree No. 69/2013, Law Decree No. 210/2015 (converted into law by Law No. 
21/2016), Law Decree No. 244/2016 (converted into law by Law No. 19/2017). As a result, the terms 
for the publication of calls for tenders for the concession of natural gas services provided under Annex 
1 to the Tenders Decree have been extended. 
It has to be noted that to date that only few awarding procedures in relation to the ATEM have been 
called and assigned, however, given the current regulatory framework, current concessionaires 
continues to provide the distribution service in those areas for which new awarding procedures have 
not been called yet, as they are obliged by law to ensure continuity until the new incumbent is selected, 
even if the concession period is formally expired, as well as to receive the related remuneration tariffs 
established by ARERA. 
At the expiration of the old concessions, the plants should have been transferred to the Municipalities 
upon the payment of an indemnity in favour to the outgoing concessionaire. Such indemnity may be 
paid by the new concessionaire or by the Municipalities themselves. 
In several cases, there are disputes (pending before Administrative and Ordinary Courts) between the 
parties regarding the quantification of the indemnity and the related assessment is assigned to an 
arbitrators panel. Regarding the investments held by the previous concessionaire on the plants 
transferred to the new concessionaire, based on Article 24, Paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree 93/2011, 
the new concessionaire is required to step in to the existing guarantees and financing obligations or, as 
an alternative, to discharge them by paying to the previous concessionaire an amount equal to the 
repayment value (the “Repayment Value”) of the plants transferred.  
The Repayment Value is due to the previous concessionaire at the expiration of the concession and is 
equal, for the first round of tenders, to the residual industrial value, then to the value of net fixed assets 
of locality (immobilizzazioni nette di località) of the distribution service, including construction in 
progress, net of public or private contributions, calculated using the methodology of the current tariff 
adjustment and on the basis of the consistency of the plants at the time of their transfer. 
Costs for providing distribution and metering services are covered by tariffs fixed by the AEEGSI at the 
beginning of each reference period and updated on a yearly basis by applying defined mechanisms.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Tariff reference periods used to have a length of 4 years, while the current tariff reference period has 
been set to 6 years from 2014. 
Pursuant to Resolution No. 570/2019/R/gas (so called “RTDG 2020-25”), ARERA has defined the 
methodology for determining the distribution tariffs for the fifth regulatory period 2020-2025, which 
was recently refreshed by Resolution No. 737/2022/R/gas for the second semi-period 2023-2025. 
Pursuant to Article 43 of the RTDG the national territory is divided into seven tariff areas each one 
having its own “tariffa obbligatoria”, while for each operator ARERA approves the “tariffa di 
riferimento”, determined in order to cover its own efficient costs, according specific regulation rules. 
Starting from 2016, the return on capital is defined by the new regulation adopted with Resolution No. 
583/2015/R/com (so-called TIWACC).  
With Resolution 614/2021/R/com, another overall reform of the WACC occurred: ARERA, in order to 
adjust return on capital to renewed financial market, revised to value 5,6% (real, pre-tax) for the 2022; 
as electric service, the WACC future update is only triggered if the changes in the exogenous variables 
embedded in the formula result in a variation of the WACC above a certain threshold (50 bps). For 
2023, Resolution 654/2022/R/com confirmed the same return on capital of 2022. 
The Alperia Group acts as concessionaire in the gas distribution market of the Municipality of Merano 
through Edyna S.r.l. Edyna has undertaken the gas distribution activity following the merger between 
Azienda Energetica SpA-Etschwerke AG (AEW) and SELNET, of which AEW was the  former 
concesssionaire performing the natural gas distribution and metering in the territory of the 
Municipality of Merano by virtue of Resolution No. 59 of the Merano Municipal Council of 24 
September 2003 (hereinafter the "Concession") acquired in 2004 from Azienda Servizi Municipalizzati 
di Merano S.p.A. (hereinafter ASM SPA) originally entrusted with the service at issue. All assets and 
contracts related to the distribution activity are now in the name or availability of Edyna. A special 
service contract for the use of the networks, facilities and other assets owned by ASM SPA has been 
executed. 
Sale of natural gas 
Sale of gas to end-users requires authorisation from the MIMS, which can only be refused on objective 
and non-discriminatory grounds. Starting from 1 January 2012, companies authorised to sell gas are 
included the specific list managed and published by theMIMS pursuant to Article 17 of Legislative 
Decree 164/2000. 
Since 1 January 2003, all clients have been able to freely choose their suppliers of natural gas.  
With Law 124/2017 and subsequent interventions, the government has set a clear path to progressively 
abandon the so-called protected market regime (servizio di tutela), reserved to households and SMEs 
that had not chosen a supplier on the free market as of 1 January 2003 (when all customers became 
“eligible”, i.e. free to chose their supplier). Based on the current regulation set by ARERA under the 
Consolidated Text of Gas Sale (TIVG – ARERA Resolution ARG/gas 64/09, as amended from time to 
tiime), the regulated gas supply regimes are the following: 
(i) 
protected market (servizio di tutela), available to households until 10 January 2024, where the 
terms and conditionsof supply are defined by ARERA as well as the economic conditions 
(updated every 3 months). Thereafter, households who by said date have not chosen a supplier 
on the free market will be supplied under the last resort supply services (servizi di ultima istanza); 
(ii) 
last resort supply services (servizi di ultima istanza), which takes two forms:

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
a. 
the gas last supply service (fornitura di ultima istanza gas – FUI), applying to (i) certain 
categories of gas consumers that for whatever reasons do not have a gas supplier7 nd (ii) 
non-paying gas consumers that cannot be disconnected (clienti morosi non 
disalimentabili); 
b. 
the gas default service (servizio di default gas), concerns the supply of gas to (i) consumers 
different from those entitled to the FUI service that remain for whatever reasons without 
a gas provider and (ii) consumers eligible for the FUI services but in which respect the FUI 
cannot be activated for any reasons. 
Last resort supply services are provided by companies that must be listed in the gas retail sellers 
list and that are selected every two thermic years8 by the Acquirente Unico S.p.A. by way of 
competitive procedures, in compliance with ARERA resolutions setting the modalities and 
criteria of the procedures. 
The free market includes all clients not served under the regulated market regimes. Economic as well 
as contractual conditions are freely negotiated between the parties. However, there are a number of 
binding provisions that must be complied with (e.g. the Code of Commercial Conduct, provisions on 
billing, quality of services, withdrawal, switching etc.).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Alperia Group operates in the sale of natural gas sector 
through Alperia Smart Services and Fintel Gas e Luce. For further information, see “Description of the 
Issuer and the Alperia Group – Business of the Alperia Group”.  
Heating service 
District heating supply agreements are subject to the general provisions of the Italian Civil Code. 
However, in January 2012 the Antitrust Authority started a cognitive survey regarding the district 
heating market. The survey ended in March 2014 and analysed the possible competition constraints 
inside the regional heating markets. The final report issued by the Antitrust Authority wishes for the 
prompt adoption of a more homogenous national regulatory framework, although this regulation 
should not distort the competition. 
Legislative Decree No. 102/2014, implementing the EU Directive 2012/27/UE, has attributed the 
regulatory power for heating/cooling service to the ARERA. At the date of this Prospectus the ARERA, 
following several consultations launched over the years inivolving the interested market operators, has 
defined a number of provisions concerning (i) the access of third-parties to district heating/cooling 
networks and withdrawal for end-customers (ARERA resolution 463/2021/R/tlr – so called TUAR), (ii) 
information transparency (ARERA resolution 574/2018/R/tlr) (iii) commercial quality of service (ARERA 
resolution 526/2021/R/tlr); (iv) technical quality of services (ARERA resolution 548/2019/R/tlr); (v) 
measurement services (ARERA resolution 478/2020/R/tlr). The regulation is based on a 3-year period.  
As per the applicable regulation, gas and electricity distributors, including Alperia, can fulfil their 
obligation to achieve quantitative objectives of primary energy saving by carrying out energy-efficiency 
projects entitling them to the white certificates or acquiring the latter from other parties on the energy 
efficiency certificates market organised by the GME (please refer to the paragraph below 
“Environmental Regulation In Italy”). In particular, projects aiming to issue white certificates may be 
submitted, inter alia, by gas and electricity distributors with more than 50,000 final costumers, 
companies operating in the energy services sector as well as companies and institutions with an energy 
 
7 
I.e. (i) households, (ii) apartment buildings with no more than 200.000 m3 gas consumptions per year; (iii) public interest 
activities (e.g. schools, hospitals, prisons, nursing and retirement homes and other public and private facilities carrying 
out recognized assistance activities) and (iv) clients different from households and public relevant activities with gas 
consumptions not higher than 50.000 m3/year. 
8  
A thermic year goes from 1 October of the relevant year to 30 September of the subsequent year

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
management system pursuant to the ISO 50001 certified according to UNI CEI 11352 and UNI CEI 11339 
rules.  
The Alperia Group is currently the owner and the manager of heating plants in Bolzano, Merano, 
Verano, Chiusa, Lazfons and Sesto Pusteria. Furthermore, the Alperia Group is also the manager of the 
heating plant in Silandro. For further information, see “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group 
– Business of the Alperia Group”. 
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION IN ITALY 
In Italy, the regulatory framework on energy efficiency is in force as from 2005 and was originally 
regulated by two Ministerial Decrees enacted in July 2004. Under energy efficiency regulation, 
electricity and gas distributors are required to achieve end-use energy efficiency targets, with 
reductions in primary energy consumption. Major updates to the regulatory framework came in 2012 
when most responsibilities were shifted from ARERA to GSE, and in 2017 when the Ministry for 
Economic Development Decree extended targets and obligations through 2021, defining new criteria 
for eligible energy efficiency projects and introduced a cap price to the Tariff Contribution. More 
recently (May 2021) a new decree was issued by the Ministry of the Ecological Transition, increasing 
the number of eligible projects and establishing national targets and obligations for the period 2021-
2024. 
The above-mentioned Ministerial Decrees provided that distributors who are required to achieve 
energy saving must deliver GSE a quantity of the so-called “energy efficiency certificates” (“TEE”) or 
“white certificates” equal to their energy saving obligation. The energy efficiency certificates, of a unit 
value of 1 TOE, are issued by the national Energy Services Operator (“GSE”) in favour of the distribution 
system operators, their subsidiaries and also in favour of ESCOs, energy service companies certified to 
the UNI EN 11352 standard. Since 2017, also companies who nominate a EGE (Expert in Energy 
Management) certified to the UNI 11339 standard or having their Energy Management System certified 
to the ISO 50001 standard can access the white certificate scheme. 
This kind of project includes measures aimed at reducing the quantity of primary energy required to 
meet the customers' energy demand or to reduce energy consumption.  
Energy Efficiency Directive No. 2012/27/EU was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 
102/2014 and amended in 2020 by Legislative Decree No. 73/2020 in accordance with Italian National 
Climate and Energy Plan, it expects the “white certificate” scheme to have a key role in achieving 2030 
national energy saving target. 
Through the Legislative Decree No. 102/14, it has also been introduced the energy audit obligation (art. 
8 EED No.2012/27/EU) for non-SMEs, to be fulfilled every 4 years. This obligation is not occurring for 
those non-SMEs that have implemented and environmental or energy management system, certified 
by an independent body according to European or International standards. The energy audit obligation 
is expected to be reinforced in the new revision of the Energy Efficiency Directive (expected for the first 
half of 2023), through the introduction of new criteria for obliged subjects identification and higher 
requirements for the obligation fulfillment. 
With specific reference to emissions trading and, particularly, in relation to CO2 Emissions, both the 
European Union and Italy are signatories to the so called Kyoto Protocol setting legally binding targets 
for reduction of emissions in the context of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
Change (UNFCCC). The Kyoto Protocol established an international carbon market to trade emission 
permits, allowing parties to comply with reduction targets in a cost efficient way. 
On 13 October 2003 the European Parliament and the Council passed Directive No. 2003/87/EC 
(hereinafter also referred to as the “Emission Directive”), which establishes a scheme for greenhouse 
gas emission allowance trading within the EU. The EU ETS works on the “cap and trade” principle. A 
cap is set on the total amount of certain greenhouse gases that can be emitted by the factories, power

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
plants and other installations in the system. The cap is reduced over time so that total emissions fall. 
Within the cap, companies receive or buy emission allowances which they can trade with one another 
as needed. The limit on the total number of allowances available ensures that they have a value. After 
each year a company must surrender enough allowances to cover all its emissions, otherwise heavy 
fines are imposed. If a company reduces its emissions, it can keep the spare allowances to cover its 
future needs or else sell them to another company that is short of allowances. The flexibility that 
trading brings ensures that emissions are cut where it costs the least to do so. 
The Emission Directive was originally implemented by means of Legislative Decree dated 4 April 2006, 
No. 216. Following the 2009 major revision, Legislative Decree No. 216/2006 was repealed and 
replaced by Legislative Decree 13 March 2013, No. 30. A revision of the EU ETS was adopted in 2018, 
applying to the phase IV of the regulation starting in 2021 and ending in 2030, which introduces several 
changes to ensure that the system will remain “fit for purpose” regarding the climate goals. Among the 
amended rules, a new methodology to allocate free EUAs to the installations, that will be greatly 
reduced and more accurately determined. This new methodology allows the system to keep up the 
incentive to reduce emissions when comparing abatement costs and the market price for EUAs, when 
not exempted from the costs through the free allocation. The revised EU ETS Directive was transposed 
in the Italian legislation through Legislative Decree n. 47 of June 9, 2020. 
Later, the European Commission presented its plan to reduce EU greenhouse gas emissions by at least 
55% by 2030, compared to 1990 levels: an increase from the previous 40% reduction target. This level 
of ambition for the next years will put the EU on a balanced pathway to reaching climate neutrality by 
2050. The new target was adopted in the framework of the European Climate Law. 
On 14 July 2021, the Commission released the “Fit for 55” package, aiming to revise the entire EU 2030 
climate and energy framework: more specifically, a proposed Directive to amend the EU ETS Directive 
(Directive 2003/87/EC), the Market Stability Reserve (“MSR”) Decision (Decision (EU) 2015/1814) and 
the Monitoring, Reporting and Verification (“MRV”) Regulation (Regulation 2015/757). 
Following the legislative proposals, on 18 December 2022 the European Parliament and the European 
Council reached a provisional agreement to strengthen the EU ETS, applying emissions trading to new 
sectors for effective economy-wide climate action, and establishing a Social Climate Fund to ensure a 
fair transition to the new rules. 
Emissions from the EU ETS sectors will be reduced by 62% by 2030, compared to 2005 levels. This 
represents a substantial increase of 19 percentage points compared to the 43% reduction under the 
existing legislation. 
Finally, Decree Law No. 34/2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") introduced a 110 percent tax 
deduction (the so called “superbonus”) for expenses related to energy efficiency upgrades (so-called 
EcoBonus) and seismic risk reduction (so-called SismaBonus) in condominiums and individual homes. 
In this regard, Mission 2, Component 3, Investment 2.1 of the PNRR has allocated more than 13 billion 
for the enhancement of the measure.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, redemption and disposal of the Notes. 
This is a general summary that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that may be 
relevant to a Noteholder if such Noteholder is subject to special circumstances or if such Noteholder is 
subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
This summary also assumes that the Issuer is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is 
structured and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the 
Issuer’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may 
invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes 
is at arm’s length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this summary to reflect 
changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for 
tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, 
including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest on the Notes 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Decree 239 regulates the income tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including any 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter, collectively, referred to 
as “Interest”) from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by: 
(a) 
Italian resident companies whose shares are traded on a regulated market or on a multi-lateral 
trading facility of any EU Member State or State of the European Economic Area allowing a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as included in the decree 
of the Ministry of Economy and Finance dated 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented or superseded pursuant to Article 11 (4)(c) of Decree 239 (the “White List 
Country”); or 
(b) 
Italian resident companies whose shares are not listed as indicated above, provided that the 
notes are listed on the aforementioned regulated markets or facilities, or, if not traded in the 
aforementioned market or multilateral trading facility, when such notes are held by “qualified 
investors” (investitore qualificato) as defined pursuant to Article 100 of the Legislative Decree 
24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and supplemented as a result of Article 2, 
(1)(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as implemented by Article 35 (1)(d) of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation 
for the issuer to pay, at maturity (or at any earlier redemption), an amount not lower than their 
nominal value and that do not allow any direct or indirect participation either in the management of 
the issuer or in the business in connection with which they have been issued, nor any control on such 
management. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of the Italian 
Tax Code (“ITC”) (with the exception of general partnership, a limited partnership and similar entities), 
(iii) a non-commercial private or public institution or trust (except for Italian resident investment 
funds), (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest payments relating to 
the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitutive tax, referred to as 
“imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26% (either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when 
payment thereof is obtained by the Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes), unless the Noteholder 
has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – see “Capital Gain Tax” below. The 
imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered by the Noteholder as a deduction from the income tax due. 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) to (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest 
is subject to the imposta sostitutiva and is included in the relevant income tax return. As a 
consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be 
recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 (“Decree No. 509”) and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 
10 February 1996 (“Decree No. 103”), may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta 
sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis (2) or (2-
bis) of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 
11 December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”), as subsequently amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), fiduciary companies, stock exchange agents and 
other entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, as 
subsequently amended and integrated (the “Intermediaries”). 
An Intermediary, to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, must satisfy the following conditions: 
(i) 
it must be: (a) resident in Italy; or (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of an intermediary 
resident outside of Italy; or (c) an entity or company non-resident in Italy, acting through a 
system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department 
of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and 
Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and 
(ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the 
purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of the Notes includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are 
deposited.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the 
Issuer. If Interest on the Notes is not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest 
and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident Noteholders listed above under (i) to 
(iv) will be required to include Interest in their annual income tax return and subject them to a final 
substitute tax at a rate of 26%. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called 
discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito” regime as defined and described in 
“Capital Gains”, below). In such a case, Interest is not subject to imposta sostitutiva but contributes to 
determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio, which is subject to an ad-hoc substitutive tax 
at 26% on the results. 
The imposta sostitutiva also does not apply to the following entities, to the extent that the Notes and 
the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an Intermediary: 
(i) 
Corporate investors – Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a corporation or a similar 
commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which 
the Notes are effectively connected), Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in: (I) the 
relevant Noteholder’s yearly taxable income for the purposes of corporate income tax 
(“IRES”), generally applying at the current ordinary rate of 24%; and (II) in certain 
circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also in its net value of production 
for the purposes of regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”), generally applying at the rate 
of 3.9% (certain categories of taxpayers, including banks, financial entities and insurance 
companies, are subject to higher IRAP rates). The IRAP rate can be decreased or increased by 
regional laws up to 0.92%. Said Interest is therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation according to the ordinary rules; 
(ii) 
Investment funds – Interest paid to Italian investment funds (including a Fondo Comune 
d’Investimento, a SICAV or a SICAF, as defined below, collectively, the “Funds”), (i) that are 
subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are timely deposited with 
an authorised intermediary or (ii) their manager are subject to the mentioned supervision, are 
subject neither to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
Funds. Proceeds distributed by the Funds to their unitholders are generally subject to a 26% 
withholding tax; 
(iii) 
Pension funds – Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set forth by Article 17 of Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, the “Pension Funds”) are subject to a 20% substitutive 
tax on their annual net accrued result. Interest on the Notes is included in the calculation of 
such annual net accrued result. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 13-bis (2) or (2-bis) of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) 
of the Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time; and 
(iv) 
Real estate investment funds – Interest payments in respect of the Notes to Italian resident 
real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998 (the “Real Estate Investment Funds”) and to Italian resident “società di 
investimento a capitale fisso” to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 
of 4 March 2014 apply (“SICAFs”) are generally subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to 
any other income tax in the hands of the same Real Estate Investment Funds. Unitholders are 
generally subject to a 26% withholding tax on distributions from the Real Estate Funds. Law

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (converted with amendments by Law No. 106 of 12 July 2011) 
has introduced certain changes to the tax treatment of the unitholders of Real Estate 
Investment Funds, including a direct imputation system (tax transparency) for certain non-
qualifying unitholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding more than 5% of the units of 
the Real Estate Fund. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
An exemption from imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Notes is provided with respect to certain 
beneficial owners resident outside of Italy, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected. In particular, pursuant to Decree 239 the aforesaid exemption applies 
to any beneficial owner of an Interest payment relating to the Notes who: (i) is resident, for tax 
purposes, in a White List Country; or (ii) is an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in the Republic of Italy; or (iii) is the Central 
Bank or an entity also authorised to manage the official reserves of a country; or (iv) is an “institutional 
investor” which is established in a White List Country, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer 
in its own country of establishment (each, a “Qualified Noteholder”). 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White 
List Country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(a) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or 
financial institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the 
deposit of the Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank 
(as defined below); and 
(b) 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank 
or SIM, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct 
relationships, via electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second Level Bank”). 
Organisations and companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (which include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as 
Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident 
bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central 
depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998) for the purposes of the application of Decree 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level 
Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy is 
conditional upon: 
(a) 
the timely deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies 
as a Second Level Bank; and 
(b) 
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a statement of the relevant 
Noteholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares that it is eligible 
to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement must comply with the 
requirements set forth by a Ministerial Decree dated 12 December 2001, is valid until 
withdrawn or revoked and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other 
similar document for the same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same 
depository. The above statement is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are 
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements entered

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
into force in the Republic of Italy or Central Banks or entities also authorised to manage the 
official reserves of a State. 
Additional requirements are provided for “institutional investors”. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Legislative Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of the 
imposta sostitutiva on interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally to 10%) or 
eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to 
timely filing of the required documentation. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are neither deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the category of shares 
(azioni) or securities similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) are subject to a withholding tax levied 
at the rate of 26%. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis (2) or (2-bis) of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as 
applicable, by Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding 
the Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a Real 
Estate Investment Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, or (ii) an Italian resident corporation or a similar Italian commercial 
entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected), such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, the above-mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced 
(generally to 10%) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more 
favourable, subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11(2) of Decree 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of a single 
series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to 
imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the 
issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 
months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of 
the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes 
multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the Notes.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Capital Gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree 461”), as amended, a 26% 
capital gains tax (the “CGT”) is applicable to capital gains realised on any sale or transfer of the Notes 
for consideration by (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, (ii) a non commercial partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of the Italian Tax Code 
(“ITC”) (with the exception of general partnership, a limited partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non 
commercial private or public institution or trust (except for Italian resident investment funds), 
regardless of whether the Notes are held outside of Italy. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid 
up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price 
and the sale price, respectively. 
With regard to the CGT application, taxpayers may opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(a) 
“Tax declaration” regime (“Regime della Dichiarazione”) – The Noteholder must assess the 
overall capital gains realised in a certain fiscal year, net of any incurred capital losses, in his 
annual income tax return and pay the CGT so assessed together with the income tax due for 
the same fiscal year. Losses exceeding gains can be carried forward into following fiscal years 
up to the fourth following fiscal year. Since this regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the 
taxpayer must apply it to the extent that the same does not opt for either of the two other 
regimes; 
(b) 
“Non-discretionary investment portfolio” regime (“Risparmio Amministrato”) – The 
Noteholder may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
transfer of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes 
being deposited with banks, SIMs or other authorised intermediaries and (ii) an express 
election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the entire fiscal year and unless revoked 
prior to the end of such year will be deemed valid also for the subsequent one. The 
intermediary is responsible for accounting for the CGT in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or transfer of the Notes, as well as in respect of capital gains realised at the 
revocation of its mandate. Where a particular sale or transfer of the Notes results in a net loss, 
the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains subsequently realised on assets 
held by the Noteholder with the same intermediary and within the same deposit relationship, 
in the same fiscal year or in the following fiscal years up to the fourth following fiscal year. The 
Noteholder is not required to declare the gains in his annual income tax return; and 
(c) 
“Discretionary investment portfolio” regime (“Risparmio Gestito”) – If the Notes are part of a 
portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains are not subject to 
the CGT, but contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio. Such 
annual net accrued result of the portfolio, even if not realised, is subject to an ad-hoc 26% 
substitutive tax, which the asset management company is required to levy on behalf of the 
Noteholder. Any losses of the investment portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward 
against net profits accrued in each of the following fiscal years, up to the fourth following fiscal 
year. Under such regime the Noteholder is not required to declare the gains in his annual 
income tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity, or social security entities 
pursuant to Decree No. 509 and Decree No. 103, may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, 
including the GGT, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis (2) or (2-bis) of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as 
applicable, by Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time. 
The CGT does not apply to the following entities: 
(A) 
Corporate investors – Capital gains realised on the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected) form part of their aggregate income subject to IRES. In certain cases, 
capital gains may also to be included in the taxable net value of production of such entities for 
IRAP purposes. The capital gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and 
the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be 
taxed in equal instalments over up to five fiscal years. 
(B) 
Funds – Capital gains realised by the Funds on the Notes are subject neither to CGT nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of the Funds (see “Italian Resident Noteholders”, above). 
(C) 
Pension Funds – Capital gains realised by Pension Funds on the Notes contribute to determine 
their annual net accrued result, which is subject to an 20% substitutive tax (see “Italian 
Resident Noteholders”, above). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis (2) or (2-bis) of Law Decree 124/2019 and, 
as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
(D) 
Real Estate Investment Funds – Capital gains realised by Real Estate Investment Funds and by 
SICAFs on the Notes are not taxable at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds (see 
“Italian Resident Noteholders”, above). 
Non Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-resident Noteholders (not having permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) on the disposal of the Notes are not subject to tax in Italy, 
regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy, subject to the condition that the Notes are listed in 
a regulated market in Italy or abroad (e.g. Euronext Dublin). 
Should the Notes not be listed in a regulated market as indicated above, the aforesaid capital gains 
would be subject to tax in Italy, if the Notes are held by the non-resident Noteholder therein. Pursuant 
to Article 5 of Decree 461, an exemption, however, would apply with respect to beneficial owners of 
the Notes, which are Qualified Noteholders. In order to ensure gross payments, non-Italian Qualified 
Noteholders must satisfy the same conditions set forth above to benefit from the exemption from the 
imposta sostitutiva in accordance with Decree 239. 
In any event, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon sale or transfer of Notes are taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to tax in Italy on any capital gains realised upon any such sale or transfer. 
Registration tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be 
subject to a fixed registration tax (Euro 200); (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate)

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
should be subject to registration tax at a fixed amount (Euro 200) only in “case of use” or voluntary 
registration or occurrence of the so-called enunciazione. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the “Decree 201”), as subsequently 
amended and supplemented by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, a proportional stamp duty applies 
on an annual basis to any periodical reporting communications which may be sent by a financial 
intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary. The stamp duty is collected by banks and other financial intermediaries and applies, on 
a yearly basis, at a rate of 0.2%; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if 
no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The 
stamp duty cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals. 
The proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent by Italian financial intermediaries 
to subjects not qualifying as clients, as defined by the Provision of the Governor of the Bank of Italy of 
20 June 2012. Communications and reports sent to this type of investors are subject to the ordinary 
€2.00 stamp duty for each copy. Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to 
communications sent to Pension Funds. 
Periodical communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least once a year, even though the 
intermediary is not required to send any communications. In this case, the stamp duty is to be applied 
on 31 December of each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with the client.  
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and (18-bis) of Decree 201, as subsequently amended by Article 1(710)(d) 
of Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of ITC) resident in Italy for tax purposes, 
holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at a rate of 0.2%. Such 
tax is due only in cases where the stamp duty described in the previous paragraph (Stamp Duty) is not 
due. For taxpayers different from individuals, the wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of 
wealth taxes paid in the country where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the 
Italian wealth tax due). 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply on the overall net value of the relevant transferred assets, at the 
following rates, depending on the relationship between the testate (or donor) and the beneficiary (or 
donee): 
(a) 
4% on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, Euro 1 million, if the beneficiary (or 
donee) is the spouse or a direct ascendant or descendant; 
(b) 
6% on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, Euro 100,000, if the beneficiary (or 
donee) is a brother or sister; 
(c) 
6% on the net asset value, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a relative within the fourth degree 
or a direct relative-in-law as well an indirect relative-in-law within the third degree; 
(d) 
8% on the net asset value, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a person, other than those mentioned 
under (a), (b) and (c) above.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
In case the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its 
portion of the net asset value exceeding Euro 1.5 million. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis (2) or (2-bis) of 
Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as 
subsequently amended from time to time – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as 
amended, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of ITC) resident in Italy for tax purposes who, at the end of 
the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their 
income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed 
within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). 
The requirement also applies where the abovementioned persons, being not the direct holders of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owners of the instruments. 
In relation to the Notes, such reporting obligation shall not apply if the Notes are not held abroad and, 
in any case, if the Notes are deposited with an Italian intermediary that intervenes in the collection of 
the relevant income and the intermediary applied withholding or substitute tax on income derived 
from the Notes. 
US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“FATCA”) impose a reporting 
regime and potentially a withholding tax with respect to certain payments to any non-U.S. financial 
institution (a “FFI”) that does not enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
(“IRS”) to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its account holders and investors or is 
not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA. 
According to the intergovernmental agreement (“IGA Italy”) signed by the United States of America 
and the Republic of Italy on 10 January 2014 and implemented in Italy by Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015, 
a FFI is not generally subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Furthermore, a 
FFI is not required to withhold from payments it makes (unless it has agreed to do so under the 
U.S. “qualified intermediary” regime, according to which, in certain cases, a 30% withholding tax is 
applied on the payments from sources within the United States). 
Certain aspects of the application of these rules to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, proposed U.S. Treasury regulations have been issued that provided that such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Moreover, on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain 
(the “FTT Member States”). Such proposal was approved by the European Parliament on 3 July 2013. 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and, if introduced in its current form, could apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the FTT Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a FTT Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a FTT Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a FTT Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a FTT Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Member States and may 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a dealer agreement dated 8 June 2023 (such dealer agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”), agreed with the Issuer the 
basis upon which they or any of them or each further Dealer, if any, appointed under the Programme 
may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Dealer Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act or any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C Rules or TEFRA D Rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the Issue Date (the “Resale Restriction Termination Date”), within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For 
the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to 
sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes 
be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2, paragraph 1, letter e), of 
the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a), of the Prospectus 
Regulation and as defined in Article 35, paragraph 1, letter (d), of CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time (the “Regulation No. 20307”), 
pursuant to Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time (the “Issuers Regulation”), implementing Article 100 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended from time to time (the “Financial 
Services Act”); or  
(ii) 
subject as provided under “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, in any other 
circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of Issuers 
Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling 
restrictions under paragraph (i) or (ii) above and must be made: 
(a) 
by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries), as defined 
by Article 1, first paragraph, letter r) of the Financial Services Act, permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial 
Services Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (as 
amended from time to time) (the “Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent Italian authority, including, without 
limitation, (where applicable to the Dealers) Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015, as amended from time 
to time. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Any new Dealer appointed under the terms of the Dealer Agreement will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree to the same effect as set out above in this section.  
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers will not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction set out above to the extent that such restrictions are no longer applicable as 
a result of changes to applicable laws and regulations, or changes in their official interpretation, after 
the date of this Base Prospectus, but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in 
the paragraph headed “General” above.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (if relevant only to a particular 
Tranche of Notes) or will be set out in a supplement to this document (if required by applicable law).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Consiglio di Gestione and a 
resolution of the Consiglio di Sorveglianza of the Issuer, both dated 18 May 2023. 
The issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised prior to each relevant issue of Notes by 
the competent bodies of the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of 
the Issuer's By-Laws. Each issuance resolution (delibera di emissione) shall be passed in notarial form 
and registered with the competent Companies' Registry (Registro delle imprese). 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 815600117D7977461B75. 
Listing of Notes, approval and admission to trading 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority in Ireland under 
the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Issuer may apply to Euronext Dublin for Notes of a particular Series offered pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The Issuer may also issue Notes that are unlisted and/or not admitted to trading on any market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Documents available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes issued in the period of 12 months following 
the date of this Base Prospectus are outstanding, copies of the following documents are (or will be) 
available on the Issuer’s website at the following address: 
https://www.alperiagroup.eu/en/investors/emtn-document 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to 
each Series of Notes which is admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(iii) 
the By-laws (statuto) of the Issuer. 
In addition, copies of the following documents are (or will be) available for inspection in hard copy from 
the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent at 60, avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg:  
(a) 
the documents referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, including the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; and

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(d) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, save that 
they will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity. 
Yield for Fixed Rate Notes 
For any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will provide an indication of the yield. 
As set out in those Final Terms, the yield will be calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price but should not be regarded as an indication of future yield. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
No significant / material adverse change  
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – Recent Developments” above, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and no significant change in 
the financial position or performance of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Issuer and the Alperia Group – Legal proceedings” above, 
neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have 
or have had in such period a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
Auditors 
The current auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., who have audited the Issuer’s 
financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 without qualification. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of independent auditors 
held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is also a member of ASSIREVI and is registered with the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (as defined in “Certain Defined Terms” above) may have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have made and may make or may have held and may hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that may have had or may in the future have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer may have hedged or may in the future hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also have made or may make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may have held and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “affiliates”, as used above and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
includes parent companies.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
ISSUER 
Alperia S.p.A. 
Via Dodiciville 8 
39100 Bolzano 
Italy 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGERS 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo, 29  
20149 Milan  
Italy 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and  
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC  
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law: 
Legance - Avvocati Associati 
Via Broletto, 20 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law: 
Gianni & Origoni 
6-8 Tokenhouse Yard 
London EC2R 7AS 
United Kingdom  
Piazza Belgioioso, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Via delle Quattro Fontane, 20 
00184 Rome 
Italy  
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy