--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR INDEX AND SHARE LINKED SECURITIES  
DATED 23 JUNE 2023 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
as issuer 
(incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF EXCHANGE TRADED PRODUCTS 
The Base Prospectus 
This document is a base prospectus for the issuance of index and share linked securities (the "Base 
Prospectus") prepared in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation ") for the purpose of the offering of Securities under the Programme (as 
described below). It should be read together with the applicable Final Terms (as described below) 
prepared in connection therewith. 
The Programme 
alphabeta access products ltd (the "Issuer") has established the Programme for the Issuance of 
Exchange Traded Products (the "Programme"). Under the Programme, the Issuer may offer index and 
share linked securities (the "Securities" or "Certificates"). 
The Securities 
The terms and conditions applicable to Securities (the "Terms and Conditions") offered under the 
Programme are the General Conditions (set out in the section entitled "Part 1: General Conditions") and 
the Product Conditions (set out in the section entitled "Part 2: Product Conditions") applicable to the 
respective tranche of Securities. The Securities are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Securities. A holder of the Securities is the 
person in whose name a Security is registered in the Swedish central securities depositary register 
(each a "Securityholder"). 
Final Terms 
A "final terms" document will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Securities (the "Final Terms") 
which will complete the Terms and Conditions of the Securities by adding issue specific information and 
should be read together with the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms contain vital information in regard 
to the Securities. Each set of Final Terms will be available on the following website 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers or any successor thereto. 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer only and will not be 
the responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSIP"), Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE ("MSESE"), their affiliates or any other party named in the Base Prospectus and no 
person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount due under the Securities. The Securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are 
not insured by any governmental agency or instrumentality or deposit protection scheme anywhere, nor 
are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
The Issuer and the Programme Assets 
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities which 
it may do under the Programme as well as otherwise. Under the Programme the Issuer shall raise money 
by issuing Securities for the purposes of acquiring certain assets (the "Acquired Assets") to pay for, or 
enter into, a swap agreement (the "Swap Agreement") with MSIP as swap counterparty (the "Swap 
Counterparty"). The Swap Agreement shall hedge the market risk of the Acquired Assets and provide 
for the performance of the share or the index, as applicable, identified as the Underlying (see definition 
below) to the Issuer. The entirety of all Acquired Assets relating to all Securities issued under the 
Programme, the Swap Agreement as well as all proceeds of, income from and sums arising from all 
Acquired Assets and the Swap Agreement are referred to as the "Programme Assets". 
Underlying 
The return on the Securities will depend on the performance of a share (issued by an entity which is not 
the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer) or an index (which may be 
composed of shares (share index) or commodities and/or commodity futures (commodity index)) (the 
"Underlying"). The commodities referred to will be precious metals (gold, silver, platinum, palladium) 
and the commodity futures referred to will be listed on major commodity futures exchanges. The 
Underlying in relation to any Securities will be set out in the Final Terms applicable to such Securities. 
Securityholders will have no beneficial interest in any Underlying.  
Risk Factors 
Securities offered under the Base Prospectus do not provide for repayment in full of the amount paid for 
them, and investors could therefore lose some and up to all of their investment, depending on the 
performance of the Underlying. Investing in the Securities involves risks. Before purchasing the 
Securities, each potential investor should carefully consider, in particular, the Section RISK FACTORS 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Approval  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, ("Central Bank) as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Central Bank only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality 
of the Securities that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Securities 
which are to be admitted to trading on a "Regulated Market" for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II), as amended, and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") 
for Securities issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of the Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. References in the 
Base Prospectus to Securities being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Securities 
have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and have been admitted to 
the Official List. Application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading on 
the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB and/or the Nordic Growth Market NGM AB, each of which 
is a Regulated Market, and/or Nordic MTF of Nordic Growth Market NGM AB and/or First North 
Stockholm of Nasdaq Stockholm (each of is not a Regulated Market). Application may also be made for 
the Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading by such other listing authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system as may be specified in the Final Terms. Securities may also be issued which are not 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the "Jersey Commission") has given, and has not 
withdrawn, or will have given prior to the issue of the Securities and not withdrawn, its consent under 
Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Securities. The Jersey 
Commission is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against liability 
arising from the discharge of its functions under that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving 
this consent, neither the registrar of companies in Jersey (the "Jersey Registrar") nor the Jersey 
Commission takes any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the correctness of 
any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The validity of the Base Prospectus expires in 12 months from the date of approval. The 
obligation of the Issuer to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and, in relation to any 
issue of Securities, with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to issue any statement which is not consistent with or not 
contained in this document, any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or any information as in the public domain and, if issued, such 
statement may not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer.  
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer to purchase any Securities and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of the Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms should purchase any Securities. Each such recipient shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  not a 
qualified investor as defined in article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "U.K. PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has 
been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the U.K. may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Securities, but otherwise neither the arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled "U.K. MiFIR Product Governance", which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the securities (a "U.K. 
Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a 
U.K. Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Benchmarks register – Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one 
or more specific indices or a combination of indices. Any such index may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such index constitutes 
a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate the name of such index, the legal name of the administrator 
of such index and whether or not the administrator appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "Benchmarks Register"). The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the Base Prospectus or Final Terms or 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
Risk Warning 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
An investment in the Securities entails certain risks, which vary depending on the specification and type 
or structure of the Securities. 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate in such 
potential investor's particular circumstances. An investment in the Securities requires a thorough 
understanding of the nature of the relevant transaction. Potential investors should be experienced with 
respect to an investment in the Securities and be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in the Securities is only appropriate for potential investors who:

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
• 
have the requisite knowledge, sophistication and experience in financial and business matters to 
evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and the information contained in 
this document; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of their particular financial situation and to evaluate the impact the Securities will 
have on their overall investment portfolio; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and are familiar with the behaviour of the 
Underlying and relevant financial markets; 
• 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Securities, including the loss of 
the entire amount invested in the Securities; and 
• 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the potential investor's 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Securities are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in any Securities unless 
such potential investor has the expertise (either alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate 
how the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Securities and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The Issuer and any affiliate of the Issuer acting as a distributor in respect of the Securities disclaims any 
responsibility to advise prospective investors of any matters arising under the law of the country in which 
they reside that may affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments from the Securities. 
Potential investors in Securities are explicitly reminded that an investment in the Securities 
entails financial risks which if occurred may lead to a decline in the value of the Securities. 
Potential investors in Securities should be prepared to sustain a total loss of their investment in 
the Securities. Potential investors in Securities are, therefore, advised to study the full contents 
of the Base Prospectus (in particular the Section RISK FACTORS of this Base Prospectus). 
Each investor must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which the investor purchases, offers, sells or delivers the Securities or 
has in the investor's possession or distributes the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms. 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for 
the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis 
that they are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist 
knowledge of, and experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully 
evaluating the risks involved in making such investments and who have an asset base 
sufficiently substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result 
of making such investments. These investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission as suitable investments for any other type of investor.  
None of the Issuer, MSIP as dealer (the "Dealer") or any of the other parties to the Programme or any 
of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser, and none of them (other than the Note 
Trustee under the Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement in 
respect of the Securityholders only) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of Securities or 
any other party, including the Issuer. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Parties to the 
Programme in respect of any Series for any information in relation to any person other than the entity 
giving the views or advice.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or the Note Trustee or any of the other Parties to the Programme in 
respect of any Series makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any 
Underlying or Programme Assets. 
The Issuer makes no representation as to the issuer of any share or the publisher of an underlying index. 
Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Securities may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to any such issuer, publisher, their respective affiliates or any guarantors that 
is or may be material in the context of the Securities. The issue of Securities will not create any obligation 
on the part of any such persons to disclose to the Securityholders or any other party such information 
(whether or not confidential).  
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult 
his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks 
associated with making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any 
loss that may arise from it. 
Important U.S. securities and tax law considerations 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE 
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS (IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS REFERENCES TO "U.S. PERSONS" INCLUDE ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY THAT IS EITHER A U.S. PERSON AS DEFINED IN RULE 902(K) OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR A UNITED STATES PERSON AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986). 
No deposits and no deposit protection insurance 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR SAVINGS ACCOUNTS AND ARE NOT INSURED BY 
THE U.S. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, THE UK FINANCIAL SERVICES 
COMPENSATION SCHEME, OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY 
OR DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME ANYWHERE, NOR ARE THEY OBLIGATIONS OF, OR 
GUARANTEED BY, A BANK. 
Defined Terms 
See the "Index of Defined Terms" at the end of this document for a list of defined terms and where they 
are defined in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES ........................................ 8 
RISK FACTORS .....................................................................................................................................30 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD .............................................................................................40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ..............................................................................44 
PART 1: GENERAL CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................45 
PART 2: PRODUCT CONDITIONS .......................................................................................................59 
OPTION A: INDEX CERTIFICATES ......................................................................................................59 
OPTION B: SHARE CERTIFICATES .....................................................................................................70 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................80 
TAXATION ..............................................................................................................................................93 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................................98 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS ................................................................................................100 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................101 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................105 
ANNEX I: EQUITY SECURITIES UNIVERSE......................................................................................110 
ANNEX II: AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...............................................................................111 
ANNEX III: LIST OF ONGOING OFFERS ...........................................................................................112 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ..............................................................................................................114

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES 
The following overview describes the key features of the Programme and the Securities that the Issuer 
is offering under the Base Prospectus in general terms only. Investors should read this overview together 
with the more detailed information that is contained in the Base Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions 
and in the Final Terms. The General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for 
the purposes of article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
Exchange Traded Products Programme. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND OF OTHER PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer 
alphabeta access products ltd (the "Issuer")  
The Issuer (LEI: 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96) was incorporated in Jersey 
(registered number 110792) as a public company with limited liability under 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 May 2012 for a period of unlimited 
duration.  
The registered office of the Issuer is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 
0BD. The share capital of the Issuer is £10,000 divided into 10,000 shares 
of £1.00 each of which two shares have been issued and are fully paid up. 
The Issuer prepares annual accounts which are audited. Audited financial 
statements for the years 2013-2022 (10 years) are available on the 
following 
website: 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-
trackers. 
The Issuer is not regulated. 
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing 
asset backed securities. The Issuer is a company whose principal activity 
is securitisation and the repackaging of assets that involves the issue of 
securities. The Issuer is raising money by issuing securities for the 
purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts and 
hedging transactions. The Issuer may at its discretion, enter into other 
programmes in order to issue secured and/or unsecured securities but such 
other programmes are not themselves being established by the Base 
Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme 
and will have a base prospectus separate from the Base Prospectus. Any 
other programmes that the Issuer enters into will have substantially the 
same provisions in respect of security, if applicable, and limited recourse 
provisions. 
Corporate 
Administrator 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (the "Corporate Administrator").  
The registered office of the Corporate Administrator is at 47 Esplanade, St 
Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD.  
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited is part of Crestbridge Limited 
Affiliation. Crestbridge Limited Affiliation is regulated by the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission. Significant business activities: provider of 
administration and management services to institutions and corporate 
clients, fund managers and family offices.

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
9 
 
The Corporate Administrator provides administration services to the Issuer. 
In particular, the Corporate Administrator supports the board of directors of 
the Issuer in its investment decisions with regard to the Acquired Assets. 
The Corporate Administrator or the Issuer may terminate the corporate 
service agreement with 30 day notice. Upon such notice, the Issuer will 
endeavour to appoint an alternative corporate administrator. 
Note Trustee 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (the "Note Trustee").  
The registered office of the Note Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, 
JE1 0BD.  
Corporate Trustees Limited is part of Crestbridge Limited Affiliation. 
Crestbridge Limited Affiliation is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission. Significant business activities: provider of administration and 
management services to institutions and corporate clients, fund managers 
and family offices.  
The Note Trustee carries out the duties specified in the Principal Trust 
Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement as a trustee 
for the benefit and in the best interests of the Securityholders. 
It is the right and the duty of the Note Trustee (i) to review and approve the 
Base Prospectus, the Final Terms and the Terms and Conditions 
("Transaction Documents") and any amendments or supplements hereto, 
(ii) to represent the interests of the Securityholders if the Note Trustee 
becomes aware of any material non-compliance of the Issuer with its 
obligations set out in the Transaction Documents, the Principal Trust 
Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement, and (iii) to 
represent the interests of the Securityholders in enforcing their rights 
against the Issuer where necessary including but not limited to the rights of 
the Securityholders in case of an Event of Default under the Transaction 
Documents, the Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable Supplemental 
Trust Agreement. 
At any time after an Event of Default has occurred the Note Trustee may (i) 
require the Swedish Paying Agent to act as agent of the Note Trustee under 
the Principal Trust Agreement on the terms of the Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement and thereafter to hold all moneys, documents and 
records held by it in respect of Securities to the order of the Note Trustee; 
or (ii) require the Issuer to make all subsequent payments in respect of the 
Securities to or to the order of the Note Trustee and not to the Swedish 
Paying Agent and with effect from the issue of any such notice to the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall so far as permitted by law, at all times give to the Note 
Trustee such information as it shall require for the purpose of the discharge 
of the duties, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust 
Agreement or by operation of law, in particular, but not limited the Issuer 
shall grant to the Note Trustee the right of access to appropriate and 
relevant information relating to the Programme Assets. 
The Note Trustee may retire in respect of any Series at any time with at 
least three months’ written notice to the Issuer without giving any reason or 
being responsible for any costs occasioned by such retirement and the 
relevant Securityholders may by extraordinary resolution remove any Note

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
10 
 
Trustee. If a note trustee gives notice of retirement or an extraordinary 
resolution is passed for its removal, the Issuer shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to procure that another trustee be appointed. If the Issuer fails 
to so appoint within 60 days of the Note Trustee’s notice of retirement, the 
Note Trustee shall have the right to appoint its replacement. 
The Issuer has the power of appointing new trustees but no one may be so 
appointed unless (i) previously approved by an extraordinary resolution of 
the relevant Securityholders and (ii) the consent of The Jersey Financial 
Services Commission has been obtained. 
Swedish Paying Agent 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ).("SEB").  
The registered office of SEB is at: Kungsträdgårdgatan 8, SE-106 40, 
Stockholm, Sweden 
SEB offers commercial and investment banking services in 18 countries, 
mainly in the Nordic region and Germany. SEB offers full services to private 
individuals in Sweden and the Baltics. 
SEB, and/or any of its affiliates, as well as the other parties to the Relevant 
Agreements acting in their respective capacities, shall not, by virtue of 
acting in any such capacity, be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities other than as expressly provided with respect to each such 
capacity. 
Swap Counterparty, 
Calculation Agent and 
Dealer 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSIP"). 
MSIP is a public company incorporated with limited liability under the laws 
of England and Wales (LEI: 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653 ) whose 
registered office is at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA. 
MSIP is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
MSIP is a MiFID investment firm. The principal activity of MSIP is the 
provision of financial services to corporations, governments, financial 
institutions and individual investors. It is authorised and regulated by the 
U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the U.K. Prudential Regulation 
Authority. MSIP has certain non-equity securities listed on the main market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Market Maker 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE ("MSESE"). 
MSESE (LEI: 54930056FHWP7GIWYY08) is a European company 
(Societas Europaea - SE) with its registered office at Große Gallusstraße 
18, 60312 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. MSESE is 
registered at the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main under number HRB 109880. 
MSESE is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. 
Business Partner 
Avanza Bank AB "Business Partner"

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
11 
 
The registered office of the Business Partner is at: Regeringsgatan 103, 
111 39 Stockholm, Sweden. 
The Business Partner undertakes to offer, market and distribute the 
Securities to their clients. The Business Partner is responsible for analysing 
the market in Sweden and for identifying the products for which there is 
demand in Sweden. The Issuer and MSIP shall have the right to use the 
logos, names or distinctive marks for the brand of the Business Partner in 
the marketing of the Securities. 
Custodian in respect 
of the Securities and 
the Acquired Assets 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch ("BoNY""). 
The London Branch of The Bank of New York Mellon is at 160 Queen 
Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom.  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acts as custodian in respect 
of the Securities (the "Securities Custodian") and as custodian in respect 
of the Acquired Assets (the " Acquired Assets Custodian"). 
Information on the 
direct or indirect 
ownership or control 
between the Parties to 
the Programme 
None. 
Important agreements 
relating to the 
Programme  
The Issuer has entered or will enter into the following agreements that are 
integral to the Programme (the "Relevant Agreements"):  
(a) 
a corporate administration agreement with the Corporate 
Administrator (the "Corporate Administration Agreement");  
(b) 
a principal trust agreement with the Note Trustee (the "Principal 
Trust Agreement") and any applicable supplemental trust 
agreement in respect of a Series of Securities (each a 
"Supplemental Trust Agreement");  
(c) 
an issuing and paying agency agreement with the Swedish Paying 
Agent and the Note Trustee (the "Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement"); 
(d) 
a swap agreement with the Swap Counterparty (the "Swap 
Agreement") or any other counterparty succeeding MSIP relating 
to all Series of Securities; 
(e) 
a dealer agreement with the Dealer (the "Dealer Agreement");  
(f) 
a calculation agency agreement with the Calculation Agent (the 
"Calculation Agency Agreement); 
(g) 
a cooperation agreement with the Business Partner and MSIP (the 
"Cooperation Agreement") and 
(h) 
a custody agreement with the Securities Custodian (the "Securities 
Custody Agreement") and a custody agreement with the Acquired 
Assets Custodian (the "Acquired Assets Custody Agreement").

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
12 
 
Conflicts of interests 
Conflicts of interests of the Parties of the Relevant Agreements 
The parties to the Relevant Agreements may have ongoing relationships 
with each other and may own securities or other obligations issued by them 
or deal in any obligation of another party to the Relevant Agreements and 
may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and 
generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking, 
investment management or other business transactions with each other 
and may act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the 
Relevant Agreements and the Securities did not exist. 
Any party to the Relevant Agreements, other than the Issuer, may purchase 
Securities from time to time and their interests may conflict with those of 
other Securityholders. As a consequence of these or other such 
relationships, potential or actual conflicts of interest may exist and/or arise 
in relation to the Relevant Agreements. 
Conflicts of interests of the parties to the Programme 
Any Party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may act in a number of 
capacities in connection with any issue of Securities. Any Party to the 
Programme or any such affiliate, as the case may be, when acting in such 
capacities in connection with the transactions described herein in respect 
of any Series of Securities shall have only the duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by 
virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have 
other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care 
other than as expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. Any 
Party to the Programme and any of its affiliates in its various capacities may 
enter into business dealings relating to the Securities or Programme 
Assets, as applicable, or any asset to which the Securities or Programme 
Assets are exposed, including the acquisition and/or sale of the Securities, 
from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees 
stated in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor. 
Any Party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may from time to time 
be in possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or 
opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Programme Assets 
which information and/or opinions might, if known by a Securityholder, 
affect decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Securities. 
Notwithstanding this, none of the Parties to the Programme or any of their 
affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to notify the Securityholder or the 
Issuer or any other Parties to the Programme (including any directors, 
officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
Any Party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may deal in any 
obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Programme Assets and may accept 
deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally 
engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business 
transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Programme Assets and may 
act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the Securities 
of the relevant Series did not exist and without regard to whether any such 
action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor of any 
Programme Assets, the Issuer or the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
Any Party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may at any time be 
active and significant participants in or act as market maker in relation to a

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
13 
 
wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, 
securities and derivatives. Activities undertaken by any Party to the 
Programme and any of its affiliates may be on such a scale as to affect, 
temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, 
instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities 
and derivatives based on, or relating to the Securities or any Programme 
Assets. Notwithstanding this, none of the Parties to the Programme or any 
of their affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to take into account the 
interests of any party in relation to any Securities when effecting 
transactions in such markets. 
One or more of the Parties to the Programme and their affiliates may:  
(a) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, 
structuring agent or adviser in connection with the original issuance 
of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the Programme 
Assets; 
(b) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection 
with certain of the Programme Assets or other classes of securities 
issued by an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Programme 
Assets or an affiliate thereof; 
(c) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain 
of the Programme Assets under a swap or other derivative 
agreements; 
(d) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the 
Programme Assets or their respective affiliates or receive 
guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
(e) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial 
banking, financing or financial advisory services to the issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, the Programme Assets or their respective 
affiliates; or 
(f) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, 
in certain issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Programme 
Assets or their respective affiliates. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with 
respect to the Programme Assets, the Parties to the Programme are 
entitled to fees and expenses (if not otherwise paid) senior in priority to 
payments on such Programme Assets. When acting as a trustee for other 
classes of securities issued by the issuer or obligor of any Programme 
Assets or an affiliate thereof, a Party to the Programme may owe fiduciary 
duties to the holders of such other classes of securities, which classes of 
securities may have differing interests from the holders of the class of 
securities of which the relevant Programme Assets are a part, and may take 
actions that are adverse to the holders (including, where applicable, the 
Issuer) of the class of securities of which the relevant Programme Assets 
are a part. As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements, 
a Party to the Programme may take actions adverse to the interests of the 
Issuer, including, but not limited to, demanding collateralisation of its 
exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or terminating 
such swaps or agreements in accordance with the terms thereof. In making 
and administering loans and other obligations, a Party to the Programme

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
14 
 
may take actions including, but not limited to, restructuring a loan, 
foreclosing on or exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, requiring 
additional collateral or other credit enhancement, charging significant fees 
and interest, placing the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any 
Programme Assets in bankruptcy and/or demanding payment on a loan 
guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s acquisition, 
holding and sale of the Programme Assets may enhance the profitability or 
value of investments made by a Party to the Programme in the issuers 
thereof or obligors in respect thereof. As a result of all such transactions or 
arrangements between a Party to the Programme and the issuers of, and 
obligors with respect to, the Programme Assets or their respective affiliates, 
a Party to the Programme may have interests that are contrary to the 
interests of the Issuer and the Securityholders. 
Subject to potential conflicts between an investor and the Calculation Agent 
(being MSIP), the Issuer does not have interests material to the issue. 
The Dealer may have acquired, or during the term of the Securities may 
acquire, confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to 
any Programme Assets and they shall not be under any duty to disclose 
such confidential information to any Securityholder or the Issuer. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PRODUCTS, KEY PRODUCT FEATURES, AND HOW THE VALUE OF THE 
SECURITIES IS AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE RELEVANT UNDERLYING 
The Securities 
Where the context requires the following terminological differentiation shall 
be made: 
• 
between "all Securities issued under the Programme" and "all 
Securities belonging to a specific Series issued under the 
Programme"; and  
• 
between "Securityholders relating to all Securities issued under the 
Programme" and "Securityholders relating to all Securities 
belonging to a specific Series issued under the Programme". 
Status of the 
Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and not of any affiliate of the Issuer which rank pari passu 
among themselves. The Issuer does not contemplate to issue debt which 
is senior to the Securities. 
The Securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by 
the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the UK Financial 
Compensation Scheme or any governmental agency or instrumentality or 
deposit protection scheme anywhere, nor are they obligations of, or 
guaranteed by, a bank. 
The Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be the 
responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, their affiliates or any other 
party named in the Base Prospectus and no person other than the Issuer 
will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount due under the Securities. 
The Programme Assets have characteristics whereby, taken together, they 
demonstrate a capacity to produce funds to service the Issuer’s obligations

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
15 
 
to make payments due and payable under all Securities issued under the 
Programme. However, the Securities will not be secured and will rely for 
their payment on the Programme Assets. 
Form of the Securities 
and Clearing System 
Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry-
form in accordance with the Swedish legislation and all other applicable 
local laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by the Swedish central securities depository from time to time (the 
"Swedish CSD Rules") designated as registrar for the Securities in the 
Final Terms (the "Swedish CSD"). No physical global or definitive 
certificates will be issued in respect of the Securities. Payments on any 
Security will be made through the Swedish CSD in accordance with the 
Swedish CSD Rules. The Securities are registered in the Swedish central 
securities depositary register. 
Type of products 
Asset backed securities. The performance of the Securities is linked to 
either a share or an index. The Securities are being treated by the Issuer 
as having a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
Issuance in Series and 
Tranches 
The Securities are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches of Securities. 
Issuance of a Series 
On the first issue date of a Series: 
• 
the Issuer will issue the maximum number of Securities available 
in such Series (as set out in the Final Terms) at a price per security 
as set out in the Final Terms for such Security; 
• 
the Issuer will transfer the Securities to the Securities Custodian 
free delivery of payment. The Securities will therefore become 
Custodian Securities. 
Custodian Securities 
All outstanding Securities issued under the Programme repurchased by the 
Issuer from time to time and held by the Securities Custodian shall be 
Custodian Securities for so long as they are held by the Securities 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and shall be held in the Securities 
Custodian’s client account at the applicable clearing system. While held 
through a clearing system, the Custodian Securities will be included in the 
total number of Securities issued through such clearing system, will be 
classed as Securities by the applicable clearing system, but the Securities 
Custodian will renounce all rights that Securities have and will notify the 
clearing system accordingly. Such clearing system will treat the Securities 
held in the Securities Custodian’s client account as not having any rights 
while they are held in the Securities Custodian’s client account and will only 
have the same rights as other Securities upon transfer to a new investor. 
Custodian Securities carry no voting rights, do not bear interest and no 
amount of principal or interest is payable thereon and are not secured by 
any property. Custodian are held by the Securities Custodian on behalf of 
the Issuer through the Securities Custodian’s client account at a clearing 
system. 
On each date on which Custodian Securities are sold by the Issuer to the 
Dealer the Securities Custodian shall transfer, in accordance with the 
applicable clearing system’s transfer procedures, such number of 
Securities being sold that are held in the Securities Custodian’s client

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
16 
 
account to the Dealer’s trading account at the applicable clearing system. 
The applicable clearing system will carry out such transfer in accordance 
with its standard transfer procedures and book entries will be effected within 
such clearing system, such that the total number of Securities held by the 
Securities Custodian in the Securities Custodian’s client account will have 
been reduced by the number of Securities by which the number of 
Securities held by the Dealer in the Dealer’s trading account (and then 
ultimately by the applicable participants, in the clearing system, for the new 
investors) have been increased. Such Securities transferred by the 
Securities Custodian through the clearing system will, upon transfer, cease 
to be treated as "Custodian Securities" and the clearing system shall note 
in its book entries that such transferred Securities then have all the rights 
that other Securities have. MSIP as Dealer and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as the Securities Custodian shall note in its records 
(outside of the clearing system) the number of Custodian Securities 
transferred and the total number of Custodian Securities remaining. 
Custodian Securities shall be issued at the price set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Further issuances 
backed by same pool 
of assets 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Securities in relation to a 
Series on the same terms as the existing Securities of that Series provided 
that the Issuer shall provide additional assets to form part of the Acquired 
Assets allocated to such Series of Securities.  
Description of the 
structure of the 
transaction 
After the Issuer has issued any Series of Securities linked to an Underlying 
(a share or an index) MSESE (as market maker) purchases the Securities 
from the Issuer and sells them to investors. With the net proceeds from the 
sale of the Securities the Issuer purchases Acquired Assets. Additionally 
the Issuer enters into the Swap Agreement with MSIP or any other 
counterparty succeeding MSIP (as Swap Counterparty) whereby the Issuer 
receives the performance of the Underlying(s).

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
17 
 
Structure diagram and 
cash flows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency 
All Securities will be denominated in SEK. 
Description of how 
any return on the 
Securities takes place 
and the way it is 
calculated 
The Securities are not ordinary debt securities and the amount payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the Securities on the Maturity Date (the "Cash 
Amount") will be calculated by reference to the change in value of the 
share or index identified as the Underlying during the term of the Security. 
On the Maturity Date, the Issuer will liquidate the Programme Asset Portion 
allocated to the relevant Series in order to fund the Cash Amount under the 
Securities.  
MSIP or Third 
Party as Seller 
Sale 
Acquired 
Assets 
Cash 
Basket 
MSIP as Swap 
Counterparty 
Total Return 
Swap 
Performance of 
Acquired Assets
Performance of
Underlying 
alphabeta 
access 
products 
ltd. 
Cash 
Securities 
Issuance 
MSESE as 
market 
marker 
Investor 
Sales
Securities 
Cash 
1b 
1a 
2 
3

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
18 
 
Underlying 
Each Series of Securities will reference (i) a share (issued by an entity 
which is not the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the same group as 
the Issuer) ("Share Certificates") or (ii) an index (which may be composed 
of shares or commodities and/or commodity futures) ("Index Certificates") 
as Underlying.  
The return on the Securities will depend on the performance of the 
Underlying.  
The Index Certificates may have the following types of indices as 
underlying(s): (a) share indices which may take the form of (i) a unitary 
index, where the underlying shares are deemed to trade on a single stock 
exchange and the level of such index is published on a recognised 
information service, or (ii) a multi-exchange index, where the underlying 
shares are deemed to trade on more than one stock exchange and the level 
of such index is published on a recognised information service and (b) a 
commodity index, which is composed of one or several commodities and/or 
commodity futures.  
The Index Certificates are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by 
such index or the sponsor of such index. The sponsor of an index makes 
no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the 
results to be obtained from the use of such index or the levels at which such 
index stands at any particular time on any particular date. No sponsor of an 
index shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for 
any error in such index. A sponsor of an index is under no obligation to 
advise any person of any error in such index. A sponsor of an index does 
not make any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as 
to the advisability of investing or assuming any risk in connection with the 
Securities linked to such index. None of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
are liable to the Securityholders for any act or failure to act by a sponsor of 
an index in connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of 
such index. Although the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will obtain 
information concerning an index from publicly available sources it believes 
reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) is made and 
no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent as to 
the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of information concerning such 
index.  
In addition, none of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent makes any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
performance of any index which is linked to the Securities, any data 
included in, or omitted from, such index, or the use of such index in 
connection with the Securities.

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
19 
 
Reasons for the offer, 
use of proceeds and 
Acquired Assets 
The Issuer will use the proceeds from the issue of the Securities to 
purchase Equity Securities pursuant to the Selection Criteria (which 
shall be referred to as the "Acquired Assets"; the term shall include 
(i) all residual cash that has not been invested in the purchase of 
Equity Securities and (ii) all proceeds of, income from and sums 
arising from the Acquired Assets), to pay for, or enter into, the Swap 
Agreement (as defined below) and to pay expenses in connection with 
the administration of the Issuer or the issue of the Securities. 
Information 
on 
the 
Acquired 
Assets 
can 
be 
obtained 
under 
https://www.morganstanley.com/etp/client/#/alphabeta or any successor 
thereto. 
No investigations, due diligence, searches or other enquiries have been or 
will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealer in respect of the 
Acquired Assets relating to any Series of Securities. No representations or 
warranties, express or implied, have been given by the Issuer, the Dealer 
or any other person on their behalf in respect of the Acquired Assets relating 
to any Series of Securities or the Swap Agreement. 
The Programme Assets relating to any Securities will be subject to credit, 
liquidity and interest rate risks. In the event of an insolvency of an issuer or 
obligor in respect of any Programme Assets or the Swap Counterparty, 
various insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor or 
the Swap Counterparty may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the 
Issuer may recover in respect of such Programme Assets. 
"Equity Securities" are shares and other transferable securities equivalent 
to shares in companies, as well as any other type of transferable securities 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) giving the right to acquire any of 
the aforementioned securities as a consequence of their being converted 
or the rights conferred by them being exercised, provided that securities of 
the latter type are issued by the issuer of the underlying shares or by an 
entity belonging to the group of the said issuer. 
The entirety of all Acquired Assets relating to all Series of Securities, the 
Swap Agreement and additionally, all proceeds of, income from and sums 
arising from all Acquired Assets and the Swap Agreement are referred to 
as the "Programme Assets". 
The Issuer will hold up to the greater of USD 100,000 (or an amount of 
equivalent value in another currency) and 10% of the Programme Assets 
in cash with the Acquired Assets Custodian. 
A portion of the Programme Assets (the "Programme Asset Portion") 
shall be allocated to each Series of Securities with a market value to be 
calculated as follows: 
The Market Value of the outstanding Securities belonging to a specific 
Series issued under the Programme divided by the aggregate Market Value 
of all outstanding Securities issued under the Programme (excluding the 
Custodian Securities) multiplied by the Market Value of the Programme 
Assets.  
"Market Value"  means

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
20 
 
(a) 
with respect to Programme Assets  
(i) 
in relation to an Equity Security the lesser of (A) the 
price quoted on the relevant Regulated Market and (B) 
the bid price which the Dealer is able to realise in the 
relevant market;  
(ii) 
in relation to any residual cash, the nominal value of the 
cash adjusted by the relevant interest rate; 
(iii) 
in relation to the Swap Agreement, the replacement 
value of the Swap Agreement (i.e. the amount which the 
Issuer would pay and receive if the Issuer replaced the 
Swap Counterparty). For the avoidance of doubt, any 
changes to the credit profile of the Swap Counterparty 
after the issue date of the relevant Series of Securities 
will not be considered; and  
(b) 
with respect to Securities of any Series the replacement value 
of the Securities (i.e. the amount the Issuer would pay to a 
counterparty, which assumes all obligations under the relevant 
Series of Securities). For the avoidance of doubt, any changes 
to the credit profile of the Issuer after the issue date of the 
relevant Series of Securities will not be considered. 
Equity Securities 
Universe and selection 
of Equity Securities 
for a Series of 
Securities 
The Issuer may select Equity Securities from the list of securities attached 
as Annex I to the Base Prospectus (the "Equity Securities Universe").  
The Equity Securities Universe has been selected inter alia on the basis of 
the following criteria: 
(a) 
the issuers of the Equity Securities stem from a large variety 
of industry sectors; 
(b) 
the issuers of the Equity Securities are either resident or 
incorporated in a member state of the World Trade 
Organisation; 
(c) 
the Equity Securities are listed on a Regulated Market; 
(d) 
the Equity Securities have a minimum market capitalisation of 
USD 100 Million (or equivalent in other currency).  
Whether or not the company issuing the Equity Securities is rated is not a 
selection criterion.  
A "Regulated Market" is a multilateral system operated and/or managed 
by a market operator, which brings together or facilitates the bringing 
together of multiple third-party buying and selling interests in financial 
instruments – in the system and in accordance with its non-discretionary 
rules – in a way that results in a contract, in respect of the financial 
instruments admitted to trading under its rules and/or systems, and which 
is authorised and functions regularly and in accordance with Title III of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive II – MiFID II) or under similar regulation in a non-EU country.

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
21 
 
When selecting Equity Securities from the Equity Securities Universe for a 
Series of Securities the Issuer shall take into consideration the following 
criteria (the "Selection Criteria"): 
(a) 
sufficient liquidity so that the Issuer can expect to be able 
to dispose of the Equity Securities to meet any payment 
obligations under the Securities; and 
(b) 
the maximum exposure to a single issuer of Equity 
Securities shall not exceed 5% of the Acquired Assets.  
The investment decision is made by the board of directors of the Issuer 
supported by the Corporate Administrator. The Equity Securities selected 
for a Series of Securities shall be listed in the relevant Final Terms. As the 
market risk of the Acquired Assets is hedged by a swap agreement (see 
below), there is no requirement for an active investment management. 
MSIP will sell the Equity Securities selected for a Series of Securities to the 
Issuer which it either already holds on its balance sheet or sources them 
from the market. 
Substitution of 
Acquired Assets 
The Issuer may substitute constituents of the Acquired Assets with other 
Equity Securities selected from the Equity Securities Universe.  
As the Issuer is expected to issue or buy back Securities daily and to reset 
the mark to market value of the swap agreement daily, the Issuer will need 
to buy and sell Acquired Assets to meet its ongoing or future payment 
obligations.  
As the exposure to a single equity issuer may not exceed 5% of the 
Acquired Assets, the Issuer will rebalance the Acquired Assets regularly to 
meet this diversification objective. The rebalancing will involve the Issuer 
selling constituents of the Acquired Assets whose value is growing or is 
expected to grow in the near term relative to the value of the other 
constituents of the Acquired Assets and substituting them with other 
Acquired Assets. 
The Issuer may substitute constituents of Acquired Assets, which may 
become subject to a corporate action in the near term with Acquired Assets, 
which are not expected to be subject to a corporate action in the near term.  
The Issuer may substitute constituents of Acquired Assets whose liquidity 
on the relevant exchange, in the view of the Issuer, may be negatively 
affected and thus could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities.  
The Issuer may substitute constituents of Acquired Assets if the Issuer 
considers the trading costs for such constituents may go up in the future. 
Trading costs will include the introduction of transaction taxes. 
Description of the 
general characteristics 
of the obligors, the 
economic 
environment and 
global statistical data 
The issuers of the Equity Securities, which form part of the Acquired Assets, 
are corporate entities, which are either resident or incorporated in a 
member state of the World Trade Organisation.  
All constituents of the Acquired Assets (other than the residual cash held 
with the Acquired Assets Custodian) will be Equity Securities, which are 
part of the listed equity market. Equity Securities are issued by companies,

--- Page 22 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
22 
 
referred to the 
Acquired Assets 
which obtain capital to grow their business. If investors invest in equities, 
they own a proportion of the capital through their stock holding. The price 
of listed equities is determined by market participants through a bid and 
offer process. Prices are affected by both information about the company 
issuing the Equity Securities as well as macroeconomic information (e.g. 
movement of interest rates, unemployment data, changes of tax rates, 
monetary decisions of the central bank). Prices of Equity Securities can go 
up and down (potentially within a short time frame) and can be volatile.  
Equity Securities usually do not have a maturity date. Once a company has 
issued Equity Securities to investors, investors are not entitled to redeem 
such securities. They can usually only sell them in the secondary market.  
In the case of the insolvency of a company issuing Equity Securities, the 
holder of Equity Securities rank behind the holders of debt securities and 
preference shares. Equity Securities do usually not have any credit ratings. 
According to Bloomberg’s World Exchange Market Capitalisation Index the 
worldwide capitalisation of the equity market is approximately USD 75 
trillion. The New York Stock Exchange has the largest market capitalisation 
with approximately USD 20 trillion. Information about Equity Securities can 
be found on Bloomberg, Reuters and various internet sites. 
The Swap Agreement 
The Issuer will also enter into a swap agreement with MSIP (the "Swap 
Agreement") or any other counterparty succeeding MSIP relating to all 
Series of Securities (the "Swap Counterparty"). The Swap Agreement will 
be governed by English law. The Swap will be unfunded which means that 
the Issuer will not make an upfront payment to the Swap Counterparty. The 
Swap Agreement has two purposes: 
• 
The Swap Agreement will provide a hedge in relation to the market 
risk of the Acquired Assets. 
• 
The Swap Agreement will provide for the performance of the 
Underlying to the Issuer. 
This corresponds to the following two cash flows: 
• 
The Issuer pays the positive performance of the Acquired Assets 
to MSIP and receives the negative performance of the Acquired 
Assets from MSIP. 
• 
The Issuer receives the positive performance of the Underlying 
from MSIP and pays the negative performance of the Underlying to 
MSIP. 
The Issuer is liable to pay the positive performance of the Acquired Assets 
to MSIP. MSIP is liable to pay the negative performance of the Acquired 
Assets to the Issuer ("Acquired Asset Swap Leg"). 
The Issuer is liable to pay the negative performance of the Underlying to 
MSIP. MSIP is liable to pay the positive performance of the Underlying to 
the Issuer ("Underlying Swap Leg").

--- Page 23 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
23 
 
The swap is reset daily which means that the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty pay the Market Value of the swap agreement to each other 
on a daily basis. 
The Issuer owes the performance of the Underlying to the holders of issued 
Securities under the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer invests the 
subscription proceeds in the Acquired Assets.  
As the Acquired Assets are hedged by way of the Acquired Asset Swap 
Leg, the Issuer is able to keep the value of the assets equal to the 
subscription proceeds. The Underlying Swap Leg provides additional funds 
to pay for positive performance of the Underlying. In case of negative 
performance of the Underlying, the Issuer will fund the payment of the 
negative performance of the Underlying from the subscription proceeds or 
the liquidation proceeds of the Acquired Assets. 
MSIP has issued securities admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
As the Swap Agreement will provide a hedge in relation to the market risk 
of the Acquired Assets, the Issuer does not need to select the Acquired 
Assets on the basis of expected future returns. It is therefore not necessary 
to appoint an investment manager. The board of directors of the Issuer and 
the Corporate Administrator have sufficient expertise to buy and sell 
Acquired Assets on the basis of the investment guidelines above. 
Restrictions on free 
transferability 
The Securities will be freely transferable, subject to the offering and selling 
restrictions in the United States, the European Economic Area and the laws 
of any jurisdiction in which the relevant Securities are offered or sold. 
Interest 
The Securities will not bear interest. 
Rights attached to the 
Securities and 
limitations to those 
rights 
Extraordinary Termination Events 
If, in particular, any of the following events (each an "Extraordinary 
Termination Event") occurs and is continuing then the Issuer may 
terminate the Securities of the relevant Series in whole (but not in part) and 
redeem them at the Early Termination Amount: 
(a) 
the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, the Dealer, the 
Swedish Paying Agent, the Note Trustee, the Acquired Assets 
Custodian or the Securities Custodian defaults; or 
(b) 
the Swap Counterparty terminates the Swap Agreement, the 
Dealer terminates the Dealer Agreement, the Securities 
Custodian terminates the Securities Custody Agreement, the 
Note Trustee terminates the Principal Trust Agreement or any 
applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement, the Acquired 
Assets Custodian terminates the Acquired Assets Custody 
Agreement and/or the Swedish Paying Agent terminates the 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Issuer is not 
in a position to appoint an alternative provider prior to the 
effective date of the relevant termination; or 
(c) 
the Swap Agreement becomes subject to withholding taxes 
(regardless of whether Double Withholding applies); or

--- Page 24 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
24 
 
(d) 
an event occurs which in the reasonable discretion of the 
Calculation Agent cannot be addressed through an 
adjustment; or 
(e) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Terms 
and Conditions will be (i) unlawful in whole or in part; or (ii) it 
is impossible for the Issuer to meet the regulatory 
requirements; 
(f) 
there are circumstances that have a negative effect (i) on the 
convertibility of the currency of the underlying into the currency 
of the settlement; or (ii) to transfer deposits held in the 
currency of the underlying from a specific jurisdiction into 
another; or there are other circumstances that have a 
comparable negative effect on the convertibility of the 
currency of the underlying into the currency of the settlement; 
or 
(g) 
or a QDD Event has occurred. A "QDD Event" means that the 
Issuer, because it is a QDD (a "qualified derivatives dealer" 
for U.S. tax purposes) or otherwise, and having determined in 
its reasonable discretion that it is not subject to withholding tax 
on dividend equivalent payments it receives on the Swap 
Agreement, and having not applied Double Withholding on 
Section 871(m) Securities, loses its status as a QDD or in its 
reasonable 
discretion 
determines 
that 
its 
earlier 
determinations and/or actions are no longer (or were not when 
made) justified. 
The "Early Termination Amount" will be an amount payable per Security 
belonging to a specific Series to the Securityholders, after application of the 
Order of Priority, equal to the proceeds derived from the Realisation 
Process, divided by the number of outstanding Securities of that Series, but 
excluding the outstanding Securities of that Series held by the Securities 
Custodian.  
The term "Realisation Process" describes a process by which the 
Programme Asset Portion that relates to the Securities belonging to a 
specific Series is liquidated and the "Order of Priority" is an order of 
payment that ensures that all claims of the Note Trustee, the Agents and 
the Swap Counterparty are satisfied prior to those of the Securityholders. 
Event of Default 
All Securities issued under the Programme shall be terminated 
automatically and be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount after the 
occurrence of certain Events of Default such as non-payment of amounts 
due in respect of any Securities, breach of other obligations by the Issuer 
or if the Issuer becomes insolvent. 
The Early Redemption Amount will be an amount payable per Security 
issued under the Programme to the holders of such Securities, after 
application of the Event of Default Order of Priority (as defined below), 
equal to the proceeds derived from the Event of Default Realisation 
Process, divided by the number of outstanding Securities issued under the

--- Page 25 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
25 
 
Programme, but excluding the Securities issued under the Programme held 
by the Securities Custodian. 
The term "Event of Default Realisation Process" describes a process by 
which the Programme Assets are liquidated and the "Event of Default 
Order of Priority" is an order of payment that ensures that all claims of the 
Note Trustee, the Agents and the Swap Counterparty are satisfied prior to 
those of the Securityholders. 
Extraordinary Termination following the Termination of the 
Cooperation Agreement 
The Issuer, MSIP and Avanza Bank AB (the "Business Partner") are the 
parties to a cooperation agreement (the "Cooperation Agreement"). 
According to the Cooperation Agreement, the Business Partner undertakes 
to offer, market and distribute the Securities to its clients. The Business 
Partner is responsible for analysing the market in Sweden and for 
identifying the products for which is demand in Sweden. The Issuer and 
MSIP shall have the right to use the logos, names or distinctive marks for 
the brand of the Business Partner in the marketing of the Securities within 
the limits of the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Business Partner will be entitled to terminate the Cooperation 
Agreement at any time by sending a termination notice to the other parties 
which notice shall be effective not earlier than three months from the date 
it was received by the other parties. 
In addition, any party is entitled to terminate the Cooperation Agreement at 
any time for the following reasons: 
(a) 
if a bankruptcy, insolvency, administration or re-
organisation event, as such terms are defined under the 
corporate laws applicable to each party, occurs to that 
party or if any other material adverse occurs to the 
financial and trading stability of the other party; 
(b) 
if a material adverse cost impacting the business covered 
by the Cooperation Agreement materialises for either 
party; or 
(c) 
pursuant to force majeure, such as fire, flood, other 
natural disasters, war, labour strike, interruption of transit 
in tele-communications, or internet communications, 
accident, explosion, civil commotion, and acts of any 
governmental authority, if such an event prevents the 
party from adhering to the Cooperation Agreement 
during a period of more than 60 days. 
Notwithstanding the above, any party can terminate the Cooperation 
Agreement with immediate effect, by notice, in the event of it becoming 
illegal for a party to fulfil its obligations or in the event of a material breach 
of a representation or undertaking of the Cooperation Agreement by the 
other party and provided that, where reasonably possible, the party that is 
not in breach has given a 15 business days’ notice period to the other party 
to remedy the breach and such party has not been able or has been

--- Page 26 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
26 
 
unwilling to remedy the breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the other 
party. 
All Securities issued under the Programme will be terminated by the Issuer 
in its reasonable discretion by giving one (1) month's notice and redeemed 
at the Early Redemption Amount in the event that the Business Partner 
submits a termination notice to the Issuer in relation to the Cooperation 
Agreement. 
Limited Recourse 
Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default all present and future claims 
of the Securityholders relating to all Securities belonging to a specific Series 
will have their recourse limited to an amount equal to the net proceeds that 
result from the liquidation of the relevant Programme Asset Portion (the 
"PAP Liquidation Amount"). If the PAP Liquidation Amount is not 
sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of any 
Securities of such Series, no other assets of the Issuer will be available for 
payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne 
pro rata by the Securityholders of the relevant Series. 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default all present and future claims of 
any Securityholders will have their recourse limited to the entirety of the 
Programme Assets. If the net proceeds of the liquidation of the Programme 
Assets are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect 
of all Securities issued under the Programme, no other assets of the Issuer 
will be available for payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such 
shortfall shall be borne pro rata by the Securityholders.  
Further, only the Note Trustee may pursue remedies available under the 
Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust 
Agreement as the Note Trustee may think fit to enforce the rights of the 
Securityholders under the Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable 
Supplemental Trust Agreement and the Terms and Conditions and none of 
the Securityholders shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Note Trustee having become bound to proceed in accordance 
with the terms of the Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable 
Supplemental Trust Agreement, fails to do so within a reasonable period 
and such failure is continuing. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the 
Securities. 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of 
the Swap Counterparty or its affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a 
result of the performance or non-performance by the Issuer of its 
obligations under the Securities and Securityholders shall not have 
recourse against such persons.  
Exercise by Securityholder 
The Securityholders are entitled to exercise the Securities on (i) the Early 
Valuation Date, if a QDD Event has occurred and the Issuer has declared 
its intention not to terminate the Securities due to an Extraordinary 
Termination Event, (ii) the Initial Valuation Date or (iii) any Subsequent 
Valuation Date(s) ("Securityholder's Exercise").

--- Page 27 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
27 
 
Maturity, Extension by 
the Issuer 
"Maturity Date" means the day falling not later than the tenth Business Day 
immediately following the Valuation Date, respectively, whereas the term 
"Valuation Date" means an Early Valuation Date, the initial Valuation Date 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Initial Valuation Date") and 
any following Valuation Date (each as "Subsequent Valuation Date") as 
set out hereinafter. The "Early Valuation Date"  means the day which is 
the twentieth Trading Day after notification of a QDD Event. 
The Initial Valuation Date and any Subsequent Valuation Date(s) will 
automatically be extended by five years unless there is a termination of the 
Securities (in whole but not in part) by the Issuer ("Call"). If the Securities 
are not terminated by the Issuer, any Subsequent Valuation Date shall then, 
for all purposes, be the Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means in relation to (1) an index: any day on which (a) the 
index sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the index and (b) the 
related exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session; and (2) a share: any day on which the exchange or related 
exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche of Securities will have a set of Final Terms. Each reference 
in the Terms and Conditions to the Final Terms shall mean, in relation to a 
Tranche of Securities, the particular set of Final Terms which relates to such 
Tranche of Securities, provided that the Final Terms in respect of each 
Tranche of Securities after the first Tranche of Securities in a Series (each 
such subsequent Tranche of Securities, a "Subsequent Tranche") shall 
specify only the aggregate number of Securities in the relevant Series 
(inclusive of such Subsequent Tranche). Notwithstanding the above, the 
issue date indicated in the Final Terms in respect of such Subsequent 
Tranche shall apply only in respect of the Securities of such Subsequent 
Tranche and not the Securities of the entire Series. 
Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will be those set out 
herein under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Securities". The 
terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions) of the Securities shall 
comprise the general terms and conditions set out in Part 1 which are 
applicable to all Securities (the "General Conditions") and the terms and 
conditions applicable to the particular type of Security, as set out in Part 2 
(the "Product Conditions").  
The Final Terms will also specify which of the provisions set out in the 
General Conditions and the Product Conditions are applicable in respect of 
a particular Tranche of Securities. 
How the value of the 
investment is affected 
by the value of the 
underlying 
The market price or value of Securities at any time is expected to be 
affected by changes in the value of the Underlying to which the Securities 
are linked, i.e. to the performance of the share or index. The market price 
or value of Securities is hereby expected to decline or increase in line with 
the development of the underlying. 
Foreign exchange 
rates 
If the Underlying is denominated in a currency different to the Settlement 
Currency of the Securities, a rise in the currency of the Underlying against 
the Settlement Currency will have a positive effect on the value of the 
Securities, whereas a fall in the currency of the Underlying against the 
Settlement Currency will have a negative effect on the value of the 
Securities.

--- Page 28 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
28 
 
Ratio 
The ratio will be calculated on a daily basis by dividing the Underlying's 
reference price of the preceding day (minus any dividends, if dividends are 
applicable) with a rebalance value.  
The rebalance value itself is equal to the reference price of the preceding 
day divided by the ratio of the preceding day, reduced by a security fee, 
which fee will accrue on a daily basis. As a result, this fee reduces the 
participation of the Securityholder in the Underlying. 
Settlement of 
Securities 
The Securities will entitle the Securityholders to receive from the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date the Cash Amount (as specified or calculated in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions). 
Taxation 
The Securityholders shall be liable for any applicable taxes, duties and 
other charges due in relation to, inter alia, the issue, transfer, exercise 
and/or settlement of the Securities. The Issuer shall be entitled to withhold 
or deduct from any amounts otherwise payable to the Securityholders such 
amount as is necessary for the payment of such taxes, duties and other 
charges. 
Listing and admission 
to trading 
The Issuer intends to apply for admission to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin and on Nasdaq First North Stockholm of Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU. Application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB and/or the 
Nordic Growth Market NGM AB and/or on Nordic MTF of Nordic Growth 
Market NGM AB and/or First North Stockholm of Nasdaq Stockholm (each 
of is not a Regulated Market). Application may also be made for the 
Securities to be admitted to listing and/or trading by such other listing 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system as may be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear Sweden and/or any other clearing systems as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Governing Law 
The Securities shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
German law except that the form and registration of the Securities shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of 
Sweden. 
Selling Restrictions 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in the Base Prospectus, see 
"Important Notices"). For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of the Securities and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States and in certain other countries, see 
"Subscription and Sale" and "No Ownership by U.S. Persons" hereof. 
Benefit Plan Investors 
The Securities may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with the assets 
of, any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), 
any individual retirement account or plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any entity whose 
underlying assets include "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42)

--- Page 29 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Securities 
29 
 
of ERISA by reason of any such employee benefit plans, account's or plan's 
investment therein. 
Modifications 
and 
Waiver 
The Note Trustee may, in respect of each Series, agree without the consent 
of any of the Securityholders to: 
(a) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Principal 
Trust Agreement, any applicable Supplemental Trust 
Agreement or of any other Relevant Agreement which is 
in the opinion of the Note Trustee of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; or 
(b) 
any modification which is required in order to comply with 
a mandatorily applicable law or regulation; or  
(c) 
any modification, waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the 
Principal Trust Agreement, any applicable Supplemental 
Trust Agreement or of any of the other Relevant 
Agreements which, in any such case, is not in the opinion 
of the Note Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests 
of all of the Securityholders. 
The Terms and Conditions, the Principal Trust Agreement and any 
applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement or any other Relevant 
Agreement may also be amended from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set out in sections 5 to 21 German Bond Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") with the 
consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Securityholders evidencing not less 
than 75 % of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding 
Securities if the amendment affects a matter mentioned in section 5 para. 
3 sentence 1 No. 1 through 9 SchVG or (c) the Securityholders evidencing 
not less than 50 % of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
outstanding Securities if the amendment affects any other matter that is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. 
Any such determination, modification, authorisation or waiver shall be 
binding on the Securityholders and, unless the Note Trustee agrees 
otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders as 
soon as practicable thereafter. Securityholders shall have no right of action 
against the Note Trustee if the Note Trustee agrees to any such 
modifications to the Relevant Agreements that affect the Securityholders. 
Any amendment to the Relevant Agreements requires the consent of each 
of the other parties thereto. 
The Principal Trust Agreement and any applicable Supplemental Trust 
Agreements provide that the Note Trustee may rely on any certificate or 
report from an expert or any other person in accordance with the provisions 
of the Principal Trust Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust 
Agreement whether or not any such certificate or report or any engagement 
letter or other document entered into by the Note Trustee in connection 
therewith contains any limit on the liability of such expert or such other 
person.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Securities are exhaustive.  
Each investor should carefully consider whether the Securities, as described herein and in the 
applicable Final Terms, are suited to its particular circumstances before deciding to purchase 
the Securities. Each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about 
the risks entailed by an investment in the Securities and the suitability of such Securities in light 
of its particular circumstances. 
Potential investors should be aware that the market price of the Securities may be volatile and 
that they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal.  
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In 
each category the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
I. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
1. 
Credit Risk 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Securities are unsecured limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer only. The obligations of the Issuer will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility 
of any other entity. If an event of default occurs in respect of the Issuer, investors would have an 
unsecured claim against the Issuer for the amount due on the early settlement of the relevant 
Securities. This means that the Securityholders bear the credit risk of the Issuer and may lose 
part or all of their investment if the Issuer defaults. 
2. 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with limited assets 
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities. 
By issuing securities the Issuer is raising money for the purposes of purchasing assets and 
entering into related contracts and hedging transactions. The Issuer may at its discretion, enter 
into programmes other than the Programme in order to issue secured and/or unsecured 
securities. Such other programmes are not themselves being established by the Base 
Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme and will have a base 
prospectus separate from the Base Prospectus. Any other programmes that the Issuer enters 
into will have substantially the same provisions in respect of security, if applicable, and limited 
recourse provisions. This means that the Issuer may not always have sufficient assets to allow 
for payment of all claims of the Securityholders and/or that other Securityholders may have 
preferential claims on some of the Issuer's assets.  
3. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks discussed herein, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Securities. Potential Investors must be aware of the fact that any 
rating of the Issuer reflects the independent opinion of the relevant rating agency and is not a 
guarantee of the credit quality of the Issuer. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold Securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. This means 
that even if none of the risks that were discussed by the credit agency materialises, the 
Securities may still not be able to provide the necessary proceeds and the investors may lose 
all or part of their investment in the Securities.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
 
4. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
4.1 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
Other than consent to the issuance of the Securities given by the Jersey Commission, and 
unless otherwise specified for a Series of Securities, the Issuer is not required to be licensed, 
registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws 
or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that in the 
future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of 
any such laws or regulations to the Issuer. There is also no assurance that the regulatory 
authorities in other jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be licensed or authorised under 
any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of those jurisdictions. Any 
requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
to fulfil its obligations to the Securityholders in a complete and timely manner. 
4.2 
No Registration of the Issuer under the U.S. Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an 
investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act because the Issuer does not 
intend to issue Securities to US persons and it does not have presence or an agent acting on its 
behalf in the United States. If the Issuer became subject to registration requirements under the 
Investment Company in the future, but failed do so, the Issuer could be exposed to fines, 
penalties and litigation. Contracts to which the Issuer were a party and which were made in 
violation of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable. These potential effects would 
adversely affect the value of the Securities. The Securityholder could therefore suffer losses 
following a disposal of the Securities. 
4.3 
Anti-money laundering 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation. If the Issuer were determined 
by the relevant authorities to be in violation of any such legislation, it could become subject to 
substantial criminal penalties. Any such violation could adversely affect the timing and amount 
of payments made by the Issuer to the Securityholders in respect of the Issuer’s Securities. 
II. 
Risks relating to the Securities 
The Securities are asset backed securities ("ABS"). The performance of third parties, in particular 
the Swap Counterparty, are essential for the cash flows in relation to the Securities. The return of 
the Securities is linked to an Underlying which may be shares or indices. The Securities may or may 
not be traded on a secondary market. The Securities are partly governed by German law and partly 
by the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. All those elements of the Securities bring about specific 
risks which shall be set out in the following. 
1. 
Risks relating to the ABS nature of the Securities 
1.1 
Risks relating to the limited recourse obligation of the Issuer under the Securities and 
the market value of the Programme Assets 
Prior to the occurrence of an event of default all present and future claims of the Securityholders 
relating to all Securities belonging to a specific Series will have their recourse limited to an 
amount equal to the net proceeds that result from the liquidation of the relevant Programme 
Asset Portion (the "PAP Liquidation Amount"). "Programme Asset Portion" means a portion of 
the Programme Assets with a market value to be calculated as described in the Section 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES of this Base 
Prospectus in sub-section "Reasons for the offer, use of proceeds and Acquired Assets". If the 
PAP Liquidation Amount is not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of 
any Securities belonging to a specific Series issued under the Programme, no other assets of

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
 
the Issuer will be available for payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall 
be borne pro rata by the Securityholders of the relevant Series.  
After the occurrence of an event of default all present and future claims of any Securityholders 
relating to all Securities issued under the Programme will have their recourse limited to the 
entirety of the Programme Assets. If the net proceeds of the liquidation of the Programme Assets 
are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of all Securities issued under 
the Programme, no other assets of the Issuer will be available for payment of any shortfall arising 
therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne pro rata by the Securityholders relating to all 
Securities issued under the Programme. 
No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any liquidation of any Programme 
Assets at any given time since the market value of such Programme Assets will be affected by 
a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors 
of the Programme Assets and the Swap Counterparty, (ii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of the 
Programme Assets and (iv) the liquidity of the Programme Assets. Accordingly, the price at which 
such Programme Assets are liquidated may be at a substantial discount to the market value of 
the Programme Assets on the issue date. Consequently, the proceeds of any such liquidation 
and any other assets available to the Issuer may not be sufficient, to pay the full amounts due 
to holders of the relevant Securities. 
The Issuer is subject to certain restrictive covenants that limit its permitted activities with a view 
to avoiding the existence of any creditors of the Issuer that have not agreed to limited recourse 
and non-petition provisions. However, there can be no guarantee that there will not be any 
creditors of the Issuer that have not agreed to limited recourse and non-petition provisions or 
that such creditors would not be successful in making and enforcing claims against the Issuer. 
Any such claim could result in the Programme Assets not being sufficient to meet the claims of 
the Securityholders. 
1.2 
Risks relating to the unsecured nature of the Securities 
The Issuer does not grant a security interest over the Programme Assets in favour of the 
Securityholders. This means that in case of a default of the Issuer, the Securityholders shall 
have no direct access to the Programme Assets, but must rely on the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee to liquidate the Programme Assets in due course and to pay out liquidation proceeds to 
the Securityholders in the order of priority as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities. If the Issuer and/or the Note Trustee do not liquidate the Programme Assets in a 
timely manner, the Securityholders will continue to be exposed to the market risk of the 
Securities, which will effectively be the market risk of the Acquired Assets. This may adversely 
affect the return on and the value of the Securities. 
1.3 
General risks relating to the ABS nature of the Securities 
Since the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and may have no assets other than the proceeds 
from the sale of the Securities issued under the Programme the use that the Issuer makes of 
such proceeds is of particular relevance to the Securityholders. Any misuse of the proceeds may 
seriously affect the ability of the Issuer to make any payments to the Securityholders 
1.4 
Risks relating to non-activity of the Note Trustee 
Only the Note Trustee (as defined in the Section GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES of this Base Prospectus) may pursue remedies 
available under the Principal Trust Agreement (as defined in the Section GENERAL 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES of this Base Prospectus) as it 
may think fit to enforce the rights of the Securityholders. If the Note Trustee takes no action the 
rights of the Securityholders may not be enforced.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
 
1.5 
Risks relating to the clearing of the Securities 
The Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry-form in accordance 
with the Swedish legislation and all other applicable local laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish central securities depository from time 
to time designated as registrar for the Securities (the "Clearing System"). Payments on any 
Security will be made through the Clearing System in accordance with the Swedish central 
securities depository rules. Securityholders will have to rely on the procedures of the Clearing 
System for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. The Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Securities by making payments to the Clearing System for 
distribution to their account holders. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, the records of the Clearing System. The Securities 
will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account 
made by the Clearing System. Ownership of such Securities will be recorded and transfer 
effected only through the book-entry system and register maintained by the Clearing System in 
accordance with Swedish law, as the case may be. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
under any circumstances for any acts and omissions of the Clearing System.  
2. 
Risks relating to parties of the Programme other than the Issuer 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty  
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Securities depends in particular on the 
payments from the Swap Counterparty. The Swap Counterparty does not only pay for the 
positive performance of the Underlying, but also compensates the Issuer for any negative 
performance of the Acquired Assets. If the Swap Counterparty defaults, the Issuer will not be 
able to meet its obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the 
Securityholders may lose part or all of their investment as a consequence of such default.  
2.2 
Risks relating to third parties in general  
The Issuer is a party to contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform 
services in relation to the Securities. Counterparties of the Issuer may not perform their 
respective obligations under the relevant agreements, which are the Corporate Administration 
Agreement, the Principal Trust Agreement, any Supplement Trust Agreement, the Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the 
Securities Custody Agreement, the Cooperation Agreement, the Acquired Assets Custody 
Agreement and the Swap Agreement (as defined in the Section GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF 
THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES of this Base Prospectus), which may result in the 
Issuer not being able to meet its obligations. Consequently, the Securityholders are relying not 
only on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Programme Assets but also on the 
creditworthiness of any other party to the Programme in respect of the performance of its 
obligations. 
There can be no certainty that, in the event that any such third party needs to be replaced, a 
replacement party can be found to take over their responsibilities or that such replacement party 
will agree to do so on identical terms of those agreed with the outgoing party. Furthermore, the 
liability of any such party, the extent to which the Issuer may make a claim in the event of 
inadequate performance or non-performance may be limited by the provisions of the relevant 
contract. In such case, the ability of the Issuer to recover damages incurred may be reduced, 
which would in turn affect the amount available to make payments under the Securities. 
2.3 
Risks relating to parties of the Programme which are financial institutions  
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk". Financial institutions such as

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
 
the Swap Counterparty and other parties to the Programme are likely routinely to execute a high 
volume of transactions with various types of counterparties, including brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds and institutional clients. 
To the extent they do so, they are exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties are unable to meet 
their obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution or other significant participant in 
the financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial institution or other significant 
participant in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could lead to further significant 
systemic liquidity problems and as such have a material adverse impact on other entities. This 
could significantly affect the ability of the parties to the Programme to meet their obligations to 
the Issuer. As a consequence, this could result in the Issuer being unable to meet its obligations 
to the Securityholders, which will affect the timing and redemption of the Securities. 
3. 
Risks relating to the Underlying 
The return on the Securities will depend on the performance of a share (issued by an entity 
which is not the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer) or an index 
(which may be composed of shares (share index) or commodities and/or commodity futures 
(commodity index)) (the "Underlying").  
3.1 
General risks of Securities linked to an Underlying 
The return of the Securities will be determined by reference to the Underlying. If the Underlying 
performs other than expected Securityholders bear the risk that they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment and/or receive payment at a different time or in a different currency 
than scheduled. 
The value of a Security at any time is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the level 
of the Underlying to which the Securities are linked. It is impossible to predict how the level of 
the Underlying will vary over time. The historical performance value (if any) of the Underlying 
does not indicate the future performance of the Underlying. Factors which may have an effect 
on the value of the Underlying include the rate of return of the Underlying, the financial position 
and prospects of the issuer of the Underlying as well as economic, financial and political events 
and their effect on the capital markets generally. However, changes in the Underlying may not 
always reflect proportionally in the value of the Securities. 
Prospective investors shall be aware that the value of the Securities may be affected by the 
determinations and adjustments by the Calculation Agent (currently MSIP). The Calculation 
Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities) has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any consequential 
postponement of such date of valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. In addition, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the Securities to account 
for relevant adjustments or events in relation to the Underlying including, but not limited to, 
determining a successor to the Underlying or its sponsor (in the case of an index). In making 
these determinations or adjustments the Calculation Agent is entitled to exercise substantial 
discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest, including the conflicts of interest highlighted 
above. The Calculation Agent is not required but has the discretion to make adjustments (or to 
early terminate the Securities) with respect to each and every corporate action. 
3.2 
Risks relating to a share as the Underlying 
3.2.1 
Risks relating to the performance of a share 
The performance of shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure 
and distribution policy. These factors are not within the control of the Issuer and may result in a 
decline in the value of the Securities as share linked securities.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
 
If a share does not perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of 
Securities. The return payable on Securities that reference shares may not reflect the return a 
potential investor would realise if it actually owned the shares or owned a different form of 
interest in the relevant share. For example, the Securityholders will not receive any dividends 
paid or distributions made on those shares and will not participate in the return on those 
dividends or distributions unless the relevant dividends are taken into account for purposes of 
calculating the relevant price. Similarly, Securityholders will not have any voting rights in the 
relevant shares. Accordingly, Securityholders of Share Certificates may receive a lower payment 
upon settlement of such Securities than such Securityholders would have received if they had 
invested in the share directly or other comparable instruments linked to the share. 
3.2.2 
Specific tax related risks if the Underlying are U.S. equities 
If the Underlying are U.S. equities payments made by the Issuer to the Securityholders may be 
subject to substantial deductions due to U.S. withholding tax laws (including Double 
Withholding), as further set out in sub-section 5 below (Taxation risks).  
3.2.3 
Securities do not represent a claim or an investment in any share issuer 
Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any share issuer and investors 
will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such company or the shares. 
Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any share issuer and such 
companies have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions for any 
Securityholders. Accordingly, the share issuer may take any actions in respect of such share 
without regard to the interests of the investors in the Securities, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Securities. 
3.2.4 
Securityholders have no shareholder rights 
As an owner of Securities, investors will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends, 
interest or other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any Underlying. 
3.3 
Risks relating to an index as the Underlying 
3.3.1 
Risk relating to the performance of an index 
Indices are comprised of a (synthetic) portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, 
commodities, property and/or other assets, and as such, the performance of an index is 
dependent upon the performance of components of such index, which may include interest 
rates, currency developments, political factors, market factors such as the general trends in 
capital markets or broad based indices and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors 
such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution 
policy.  
If an index does not perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of 
Securities. The return payable on Securities that reference indices may not reflect the return a 
potential investor would realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the 
components of the index or owned a different form of interest in the relevant index.  
(a) 
Share index 
If the components of an index are shares, Securityholders will not receive any 
dividends paid or distributions made on those shares and will not participate in the 
return on those dividends or distributions unless the relevant index takes such 
dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, 
Securityholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other 
assets which may comprise the components of the relevant index. Accordingly,

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
 
Securityholders of Index Certificates may receive a lower payment upon settlement 
of such Securities than such Securityholders would have received if they had 
invested in the components of the index directly or other comparable instruments 
linked to the index. 
(b) 
Commodity index 
If the index is related to commodities, investors should bear in mind that commodities 
may be volatile and commodity prices may be affected by many factors. Commodity 
markets are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand 
relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs 
and policies designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic 
events, changes in interest rates and factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any such commodities may be traded.  
Where a Security linked to a commodity references a futures contract, this reference 
should be taken as if the futures contract had the specified commodity as the 
underlying commodity. Investments in futures and options contracts involve 
additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage 
of the face value of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited). 
A holder of a futures position may find such positions become illiquid because certain 
commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures contract prices during a 
single day by regulations referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily limits". 
Under such daily limits during a single trading day no trades may be executed at 
prices beyond the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has 
increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future 
can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders are willing to effect trades at or 
within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable 
positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days 
with little or no trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation of 
unfavourable positions and subject an investor in a Security linked to such contract 
prices to substantial losses. 
Commodity future prices reflect the expectations of the market players as to the 
future value of the commodity and may not be consistent with the current prices of 
the relevant commodity. 
3.3.2 
A change in the composition of an Index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities 
The sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make 
other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The 
changing of components of any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added 
component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in 
turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to the Securityholders. The sponsor of any 
such index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such index. 
The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Securities and will 
have no obligation to any Securityholder. Accordingly, the sponsor of an index may take any 
actions in respect of such index without regard to the interests of the Securityholders, and any 
of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Securities. 
3.3.3 
Exposure to Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption, Administrator/  
Benchmark Event and correction of Index level

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer has broad discretion in the circumstances specified in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities to make certain determinations and adjustments, to 
replace the original Underlying with another and/or to cause early settlement of the Securities, 
any of which may be adverse to Securityholders.  
3.3.4 
Reform of share and commodity index "benchmarks" 
Indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and reform projects. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Securities linked to a 
"benchmark". 
3.3.5 
Disclosure of Information 
Prospective investors shall be aware that neither the issuer of any share nor the publisher of an 
underlying index has participated in the preparation of this document or in establishing the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities and the Issuer will not make any investigation or enquiry in 
connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such issuer or 
publisher contained in this document or in the documents from which such information was 
extracted.  
Consequently, the investors bear the risk that all events occurring prior to the issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of any publicly available 
information described in this document) that would affect the trading price and/or level of the 
Underlying will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such issuer or publisher 
could affect the trading price and/or level of the Underlying and therefore the trading price of the 
Securities. 
4. 
Risk Factors relating to the market of the Securities 
Investors should note that the market for the Securities will be affected by, among other things, 
supply and demand for the Securities, and that, accordingly, it should not be assumed that there 
will be a significant correlation between the market value of the Securities and the market value 
of the Programme Assets. Prospective investors should be aware that the market value of the 
Securities may also be affected by events in the capital and credit markets which may have an 
effect on the market value of the Programme Assets, the Issuer and/or similar structured 
securities generally. 
4.1 
There may not be a secondary market in the Securities (limited liquidity of the Securities) 
Although application may be made to admit the Securities to the Official List of the Swedish 
Stock Exchange or the official list of another stock exchange and admit them to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or on the regulated or non-regulated market of any other 
stock exchange, there is currently no secondary market for the Securities. There can be no 
assurance that a secondary market for any of the Securities will develop, or, if a secondary 
market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the Securities with liquidity or that it will 
continue for the life of the Securities. As a consequence any person intending to hold the 
Securities should consider liquidity in the Securities as a risk. 
In addition, the liquidity of any trading market (should any develop) in the Securities may be 
adversely affected by 
• 
changes in the overall market for investment and non-investment grade securities. If such a 
trading market were to develop, the Securities could trade at prices that may be higher or

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
 
lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors including prevailing interest 
rates and the market for similar securities; and  
• 
legal restrictions on offers for sale in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer may affect the liquidity 
of the Securities by purchasing and holding the Securities for its own account during trading 
in the secondary market. Any such Securities may be resold at any time into the market. 
If the Securities are listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system this does not imply 
greater or lesser liquidity than if equivalent Securities were not so listed or quoted. If the Issuer 
is the sole market maker for a Series of Securities on an exchange, then the liquidity and pricing 
of such Securities may be different than what the liquidity and pricing would be if there were 
multiple parties providing such market making services. 
Liquidity may also be affected by legal restrictions on offers for sale in certain jurisdictions. The 
Issuer may affect the liquidity of the Securities by purchasing and holding the Securities for its 
own account during trading in the secondary market. Any such Securities may be resold at any 
time into the market. 
Consequently, any investor of the Securities must be prepared to hold such Securities for an 
indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Securities. Under normal market conditions, 
subject to applicable law and the Dealer’s policies, the Dealer will use reasonable efforts to make 
a market for the Securities and quote bid and offer prices. However, the Dealer is under no 
obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a market at any time. The Issuer may 
determine a secondary market price in a different manner than other market participants, and 
prices can vary. Sometimes this variance may be substantial. The secondary market price of 
Securities will depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and the value of the Underlying. This may affect the ability of the Securityholders to 
sell the Securities at any time.  
4.2 
Risk of loss of value of the Securities during trading on the secondary market 
The Securities may be offered on the regulated or non-regulated markets of a stock exchange, 
where potential investors will purchase the Securities on such regulated or non-regulated market 
at a price which will be the trading price as quoted on such regulated or non-regulated market 
from time to time. The price at which investors can purchase the Securities on such regulated 
or non-regulated market and the price at which they will be able to sell the Securities on such 
regulated or non-regulated market at any time will be subject to fluctuations and can be higher 
or lower than the issue price of the Securities.  
4.3 
Risk relating to the market price of the Securities 
Subject to any brokerage fee or commission that can be charged to the investors by their own 
intermediary and without taking into account the impact of taxation on the investors, 
Securityholders will realize a profit if the price of the Securities, as quoted on such regulated or 
non-regulated market increases during the period of time in which the investor holds its 
investment and if the investor is able to sell the Securities at such price. 
However, Securityholders will realise a loss if the price of the Securities, as quoted on such 
regulated or non-regulated market decreases during the period of time in which the investor 
holds its investment and if the investor sells the Securities at such price. 
Investors might not be able to sell the Securities at a price that is higher than the price at which 
they originally purchased the Securities. This is because, even if the Securities are traded on an 
exchange, there might be little or no secondary market and therefore it might be impossible or 
very difficult to sell the Securities at the desired price.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
 
5. 
Taxation risks 
5.1 
Potential "Double Withholding" on "Dividend Equivalent Payments" in respect of U.S. 
equities 
The Issuer is a “qualified derivatives dealer” (“QDD”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As 
a QDD, the Issuer is not subject to U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalent payments it 
receives on the swaps it enters into with the Swap Counterparty over U.S. equities. There can 
be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to maintain its status as a QDD. If the Issuer 
loses its status as a QDD, dividend equivalent payments the Issuer receives in relation to U.S. 
dividends it is deemed to earn on its swaps will be subject to a 30% withholding tax, which will 
be passed on to the holders of the Securities. This 30% tax is in addition to, and is not offset by, 
a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalent payments paid (or deemed paid) on the Securities. 
None of these withholdings will be grossed-up. Accordingly, in the event the Issuer loses its 
status as a QDD, the Security holders will economically suffer two deductions of 30% (this is 
colloquially referred to as "Double Withholding"). 
5.2 
Treaty benefits and foreign tax credits likely not applicable 
Central securities depositories in Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark do not (and other 
Clearing Systems may not) provide the identifying information regarding the beneficial owners 
of any U.S. equity linked Security that is necessary for an investor to qualify under a treaty for a 
reduced rate of withholding on dividend equivalent payments, which may result in over-
withholding and with respect to which the beneficial owner will not be able to obtain a refund. In 
addition, an investor likely will not be able to claim a foreign tax credit in the country of its 
residence (i) for taxes that it incurs on account of its inability to qualify for a reduced rate under 
a treaty and (ii) in respect of Double Withholding.  
5.3 
No gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on (or the 
proceeds of redemption or sale of) the Securities or Double Withholding applies, the 
Securityholders will not be entitled to receive additional amounts to compensate for such 
withholding tax nor be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall. Accordingly, in that event the 
Securityholder will receive a lower price for the Securities in the secondary market or lower 
redemption proceeds when the Securities are redeemed.  
6. 
Risks relating to changes in law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities (except for the form and registration) are based on 
German law in effect as at the date of issue of the Securities (form and registration of the 
Securities are governed by the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden). No assurance can be given as 
to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to German or Swedish law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the Securities. Consequently, this could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations to the Securityholders.

--- Page 40 ---
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
40 
 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD  
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 110792) as a public company with limited 
liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 May 2012 for a period of unlimited duration. As 
of 10 August 2018 the Issuer's name was changed from Oder Capital Limited to alphabeta access 
products ltd. 
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities. The 
Issuer is a company whose principal activity is securitisation and the repackaging of assets that involves 
the issue of securities.  
Pursuant to an Instrument of Trust dated 24 May 2012, the entire issued share capital of the Issuer is 
held upon trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited in its 
capacity as trustee of The Oder Capital Charitable Trust (in such capacity, the "Share Trustee"), a 
company incorporated in Jersey. The registered office of the Share Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD. The Share Trustee will have no beneficial interest in and derive no benefit (other than 
fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of shares in the Issuer. 
The objects of the Issuer are unrestricted. 
Registered Office, LEI, Website and Telephone Number 
The Issuer’s registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier Jersey JE1 0BD.  
The Issuer's LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) is 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96.  
The Issuer's website is https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers. Please note, that the 
information on the Issuer's website does not form a part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s telephone number is +44 (0)1534 835 600. 
Management 
Outside the issuance of Securities under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer issues other securities based 
on  
• 
a USD 50,000,000,000 Certificate Programme dated 29 June 2012 as updated from time to 
time; 
• 
a USD 30,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note Programme dated 17 October 2019 as 
updated from time to time; 
• 
a Programme for Issuance of Exchange Traded Products dated 4 May 2023 as updated from 
time to time. 
The Issuer does not engage in any other activity.

--- Page 41 ---
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
41 
 
The Directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Timothy Charles Ridgway 
Director, Governance Services 
Stuart Conroy 
Director, Head of Open Ended Funds 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
The directors have no interests in the Securities, nor any other interests that could conflict with their 
positions. 
Affiliates of the Directors of the Issuer provide ongoing administrative services to the Issuer at 
commercial rates. 
The business address of each of the Directors of the Issuer is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The secretary of the Issuer is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 0BD. 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the "Corporate Administrator") provides 
administration services to the Issuer pursuant to: 
(a) 
a corporate administration agreement (the "Corporate Administration Agreement") made 
between the Issuer, the Corporate Administrator and the Share Trustee; and 
(b) 
a side letter to the Corporate Administration Agreement and related fee letter between the Issuer, 
the Corporate Administrator, the Calculation Agent and the Dealer. 
Business 
The Issuer has undertaken that, so long as any of the Securities remains outstanding, it will not, without 
the prior consent in writing of the Note Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or 
engage in any business (other than transactions contemplated by the Base Prospectus), declare any 
dividends (other than a dividend per Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer), 
have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, 
consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as 
an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the Terms and Conditions) or issue any shares 
(other than such shares as were in issue on 29 May 2012). 
The Issuer may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue secured and/or 
unsecured securities but such other programmes are not themselves being established by the Base 
Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme, will have a base prospectus 
separate from the Base Prospectus and will be subject to separate approval. Any other programmes 
that the Issuer enters into will have substantially the same provisions in respect of security, if applicable, 
and limited recourse provisions. 
The Issuer has no assets other than the Programme Assets, the benefit of any agreement relating to 
each Series, assets in respect of other programmes, the sum of  GBP 2.00 representing the issued and 
paid-up share capital and fees generated in connection with the issue of the Securities and of other 
securities. The Issuer has no employees.

--- Page 42 ---
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
42 
 
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of Securities of the Issuer will 
be the Programme Assets.  
The Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Share Trustee. 
Capitalisation  
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of the Issuer at the date hereof:  
 
US$ 
Shareholders’ funds: 
 
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of £1.00 each) 
2.351 
Indebtedness 
 
Series 6 
U.S.$ 500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Lynx (Cayman) Fund 
limited under the Programme 
5,680,9132 
Series 16 
€325,000,000 Certificates linked to a basket of funds and/or shares which are 
Eligible Instruments (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) satisfying the 
Diversification Criteria (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), for which Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc has client demand and which have been selected 
by the Issuer as Basket Selection Agent 
81,164,6293 
Series 20 
U.S.$ 500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of RAM (Cayman) Systematic 
DIVALPHA Limited under the Programme 
04 
Series 23 
€300,000,000 Basket Linked Certificates issued under the Programme 
87,411,8945 
 
Series 24 
€750,000,000 basket linked Certificates issued under the U.S.$ 50,000,000,000 
Certificate Programme 
745,421,3606  
 
Series 25 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Bayforest Cayman Fund 
Limited under the Programme 
7,811,2427 
 
 
1 Amounts in £ have been converted to U.S.$ at an exchange rate of £1: U.S.$ 1.17. Amounts in € have been converted to U.S.$ at an exchange 
rate of €1: U.S.$ 1.09. 
2 U.S.$ 500,000,000 issued, with U.S.$ 495,449,647 of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
3 €325,000,000 issued, with €259,000,000 (U.S.$ 81,164,629) of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
4 U.S.$ 500,000,000 issued, with U.S.$ 500,000,000 of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
5 U.S.$ 300,000,000 issued, with €214,000,000 (U.S.$ 87,411,894) of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
6 €750,000,000 issued, with €102,200,000 (U.S.$ 745,421,360) of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
7 U.S.$ 1,000,000,000 issued, with U.S.$ 994,960,489 of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023.

--- Page 43 ---
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
43 
 
ETP Programme SEK Programme for the issuance of exchange traded products   
39,654,1088 
ETP Programme EUR Programme for the issuance of exchange traded products 
77,154,6569 
Series 26 
U.S.$ 2,000,000,000 Series 26 Certificates linked to the Shares of AQR 
Commodity 1 (Cayman) Limited under the Certificates Programme 
24,348,14510 
Series 27 
€1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the Shares of MAN Custom Hedging II 
Limited under the Certificates Programme 
93,002,60311 
Series 29 
U.S.$ 2,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the Shares of MAN Custom Hedging II 
Limited under the Certificates Programme 
23,071,65912 
Series 30 
U.S.$ 20,000,000 Certificates linked to the Shares of AQR Commodity 2 
(Cayman)  Limited under the Certificates Programme 
97,786,59313 
Repack Series 2 
U.S.$ 10 
14,575,06814 
Total capitalisation 
1,297,082,872 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of the Issuer since the date of the information 
contained in the above table. 
The Issuer has no other outstanding indebtedness as at the date hereof. 
Financial statements 
The Issuer prepares annual accounts which are audited. The most recent published audited accounts 
of the Issuer are in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The Issuer will not prepare 
interim accounts. The Principal Trust Agreement requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to 
the Note Trustee, on an annual basis, that no Event of Default or other breach of the Principal Trust 
Agreement which is required to be brought to the Note Trustee’s attention has occurred. The audited 
accounts of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 are attached to the 
Base Prospectus as Annex II.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Grant Thornton Limited, Kensington Chambers, 46/50 Kensington Place, 
St. Helier, Jersey, JE1 1ET. The auditors are Chartered Accountants. The auditors are members of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
8 SEK 92,000,000 ETP Certificates issued, with SEK 88,975,671 (U.S.$ 39,654,108) held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
9 €183,927,887 ETP Certificates issued, with €177,825,253 (U.S.$77,154,656) held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
10 U.S.$ 2,000,000,000 issued, with U.S.$ 1,984,745,483 of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
11 €10,000,000 issued, with €9,001,699 (U.S.$93,002,603) of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
12 U.S.$ 2,000,000,000 issued, with U.S.$ 1,978,811,400 (U.S.$23,071,659) of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
13 U.S.$ 20,000,000 issued, with U.S.$ 19,444,359 (U.S.$ 97,786,593) of Certificates held by the custodian as at 14 June 2023. 
14 U.S.$ 10 Certificates in issuance (U.S.$ 14,575,068) at 14 June 2023.

--- Page 44 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
44 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Securities (the "Terms and Conditions"). The Terms 
and Conditions shall comprise the general terms and conditions set out in Part 1 which are applicable 
to all Securities (the "General Conditions") and the terms and conditions applicable to the particular 
type of Security being issued, as set out in Part 2 (the "Product Conditions"). 
References to the Terms and Conditions shall mean the General Conditions and the Product Conditions 
applicable to the respective Securities. 
The provisions of the Terms and Conditions apply to the Securities as completed by the terms of the 
final terms to which they are attached (the "Final Terms").

--- Page 45 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
45 
 
PART 1: GENERAL CONDITIONS 
Terms in capitals which are not defined in these General Conditions shall have the meanings ascribed 
to them in the Product Conditions. 
1 
FORM, TITLE AND OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES 
1.1 
The Securities 
(a) 
This series (the "Series") of securities (the "Securities"or "Certificates") issued by 
alphabeta access products ltd (the "Issuer") under the Programme for the Issuance of 
Exchange Traded Products (the "Programme") may comprise one or more tranches (each 
a "Tranche") of Securities.  
(b) 
In the Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to "Securities" is to the Securities of the Series and any reference to 
"Securityholders" is to the holders of such Securities; and in relation to the Series of 
Securities, the term "Securities" shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
any further Tranches of Securities issued pursuant to General Condition 10 and form 
a single series with such Series; and  
(ii) 
any reference to "all (or any) securities issued under the Programme" includes the 
Securities and any reference to "any holder of securities issued under the 
Programme" includes the Securityholders. 
1.2 
Form 
The Securities will be in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with the Swedish CSD 
Rules. No physical global or definitive certificates will be issued in respect of the Securities. 
"Swedish CSD Rules" means the Swedish legislation, regulations, rules and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish CSD (including, but not limited to, the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw.: lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument)). 
"Swedish CSD" means a duly authorised Swedish central securities depository (Sw.: 
värdepapperscentral) under the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (Sw.: lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument), which is expected to be Euroclear Sweden. 
1.3 
Title 
In respect of the Securities, "Securityholder" means the person in whose name a Security is 
registered in the Swedish CSD Register and the reference to a person in whose name a Security 
is registered shall include also any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (Sw. Förvaltare) 
and so registered for the Security. 
"Swedish CSD Register" means in respect of any Securities, the book entry register maintained 
by the Swedish CSD on behalf of the Issuer in respect of such Securities. 
1.4 
Ownership 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholders 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not

--- Page 46 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
46 
 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Securityholders. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the Swedish CSD Register in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.  
2 
TRANSFER OF SECURITIES 
The interests in the Securities are transferable according to the applicable rules and regulations 
of the applicable Clearing System and may be transferred within the collective securities 
settlement procedure only. 
3 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES 
3.1 
Status 
The Securities constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank pari passu among themselves, and recourse in respect of which is limited as described in 
General Condition 3.2, General Condition 5.2 (d) and General Condition 7.3 (d). 
3.2 
Assets of the Issuer for the purpose of payments on the Securities and limited payment obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds from the issue of the Securities to purchase Equity 
Securities pursuant to the Selection Criteria described under lit. (c) below the "Acquired 
Assets". The term "Acquired Assets" shall include (i) all residual cash that has not been 
invested in the purchase of Equity Securities and (ii) all proceeds of, income from and sums 
arising from the Acquired Assets. The Issuer may substitute constituents of the Acquired 
Assets with other Equity Securities provided that the new constituents meet the Selection 
Criteria.  
"Equity Securities" are shares and other transferable securities equivalent to shares in 
companies, as well as any other type of transferable securities (as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 - the "Prospectus Regulation") giving the right to acquire any of the 
aforementioned securities as a consequence of their being converted or the rights 
conferred by them being exercised, provided that securities of the latter type are issued by 
the issuer of the underlying shares or by an entity belonging to the group of the said issuer. 
(b) 
The Issuer may select Equity Securities from the list of securities attached as Annex I to 
the Base Prospectus (the "Equity Securities Universe").  
The Equity Securities Universe has been selected among other things on the basis of the 
following criteria: 
(i) 
the issuers of the Equity Securities stem from a large variety of industry sectors; 
(ii) 
the issuers of the Equity Securities are either resident or incorporated in a member 
state of the World Trade Organisation; 
(iii) 
the Equity Securities are listed on a Regulated Market; and 
(iv) 
the Equity Securities have a minimum market capitalisation of USD 100 Million (or 
equivalent in other currency). 
A "Regulated Market" is a multilateral system operated and/or managed by a market 
operator, which brings together or facilitates the bringing together of multiple third-party 
buying and selling interests in financial instruments – in the system and in accordance with 
its non-discretionary rules – in a way that results in a contract, in respect of the financial

--- Page 47 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
47 
 
instruments admitted to trading under its rules and/or systems, and which is authorised and 
functions regularly and in accordance with Title III of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – MiFID II) or under similar regulation in 
a non EU country. 
(c) 
When selecting Equity Securities from the Equity Securities Universe for the Series the 
Issuer shall take into consideration the following criteria (the "Selection Criteria"): 
(i) 
sufficient liquidity so that the Issuer can expect to be able to dispose of the Equity 
Securities to meet any payment obligations under the Securities; and 
(ii) 
the maximum exposure to a single issuer of Equity Securities shall not exceed 5% 
of the Acquired Assets.  
(d) 
In addition, the Issuer will enter into a swap agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc as "Swap Counterparty" (the "Swap Agreement"). 
(e) 
The entirety of all Acquired Assets (which term shall, for the purpose of this definition, 
include all assets acquired with the proceeds from all securities issued under the 
Programme), the Swap Agreement and all residual cash as well as all proceeds of, income 
from and sums arising from all Acquired Assets and the Swap Agreement are referred to 
as the "Programme Assets". 
(f) 
The Programme Assets have characteristics whereby, taken together, they demonstrate a 
capacity to produce funds to service the Issuer’s obligations to make payments due and 
payable under all securities issued under the Programme. However, the Securities will not 
be secured and will rely for their payment on the Programme Assets.  
(g) 
Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 5.1) all 
present and future claims of the Securityholders will have their recourse limited to the PAP 
Liquidation Amount distributed in accordance with the Order of Priority (as defined in 
General Condition 7.3 (c)). 
Where 
"PAP Liquidation Amount" means an amount equal to the net proceeds that result from 
the liquidation of the Programme Asset Portion. 
"Programme Asset Portion" means a portion of the Programme Assets with a market 
value to be calculated as follows:  
The Market Value of the outstanding Securities divided by the aggregate Market Value of 
all outstanding securities issued under the Programme (whereby Custodian Securities shall 
be disregarded) multiplied by the Market Value of the Programme Assets. 
"Custodian Securities" are all outstanding securities issued under the Programme 
repurchased by the Issuer from time to time and held by the Securities Custodian on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
"Market Value"  means 
(i) 
with respect to Programme Assets

--- Page 48 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
48 
 
(A) 
in relation to an Equity Security the lesser of (1) the price quoted on the 
relevant Regulated Market and (2) the bid price which the Dealer is able to 
realise in the relevant market;  
(B) 
in relation to any residual cash, the nominal value of the cash adjusted by the 
relevant interest rate; 
(C) 
in relation to the swap, the replacement value of the Swap Agreement (i.e. the 
amount which the Issuer would pay and receive if the Issuer replaced the 
Swap Counterparty); and  
(ii) 
with respect to any securities issued under the Programme, the replacement value 
of such securities (i.e. the amount the Issuer would pay to a counterparty which 
assumes all obligations under the relevant series of securities issued under the 
Programme). For the avoidance of doubt, any changes to the credit profile of the 
Issuer after the issue date of the relevant series of securities issued under the 
Programme will not be considered. 
If the PAP Liquidation Amount distributed in accordance with the Order of Priority (as 
defined in General Condition 7.3 (c)) is not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments 
due in respect of all Securities, no other assets of the Issuer will be available for payment 
of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne pro rata by the 
Securityholders. 
(h) 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default all present and future claims of any holder of 
securities issued under the Programme will have their recourse limited to the entirety of the 
Programme Assets. If the net proceeds of the liquidation of the Programme Assets 
distributed in accordance with the Event of Default Order of Priority (as defined in General 
Condition 5.2 (c)) are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of all 
securities issued under the Programme, no other assets of the Issuer will be available for 
payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne pro rata by the 
holders of the securities issued under the Programme.  
4 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
All payments on the Securities shall be made by the Swedish Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf 
for further payment to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. All payments so made shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under the 
relevant Securities to the extent of sums so paid. 
4.2 
All taxes, charges and/or expenses incurred in connection with the payment of any amount 
payable under the Terms and Conditions shall be borne and paid by the relevant Securityholder. 
The Issuer and the Swedish Paying Agent, as the case may be, are entitled, but not obliged, to 
withhold or deduct from any amount payable to the Securityholder such amount required for the 
purpose of settlement of taxes, charges, expenses, deductions or other payments. Each 
Securityholder shall reimburse the Issuer or the Swedish Paying Agent, as the case may be, any 
losses, costs or other debts incurred in connection with these taxes, charges, expenses, 
deductions or other payments related to the Securities of the relevant Securityholder. 
4.3 
Payments by the Issuer and the Swedish Paying Agent will be subject in all cases to all applicable 
fiscal and other laws, regulations and practices in force at the relevant time (including, without 
limitation, any relevant exchange control laws or regulations) and none of the Issuer or any 
Swedish Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations and 
practices.

--- Page 49 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
49 
 
4.4 
Those who, according to (a) by assignment, (b) by pledge, (c) pursuant to the provisions of the 
Swedish Children and Parents Code (Föräldrabalken (1949:381)), (d) by way of will or deed of 
gift, or (e) otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Security, shall 
register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
4.5 
Under "FATCA" (as defined below) the Issuer may require each Securityholder to provide 
certifications and identifying information about itself and certain of its owners. The Issuer may 
force the sale in any reasonable manner of a Security held by a Securityholder that fails to provide 
the requested information. The amount received for a Security could be less than its then fair 
market value and the Issuer shall have no liability for any shortfall. Further, the Issuer will not pay 
any additional amounts with respect to withholding made on account of FATCA. "FATCA" means 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any final current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant thereto, or any 
U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections 
of the Code.  
4.6 
Where a Security (a "Section 871(m) Security") is subject to withholding under Section 871(m) 
of the U.S Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("Section 871(m)"), the Issuer may in its reasonable 
judgment determine that it is subject to a 30% withholding tax on the dividend equivalent 
payments it earns on the Swap Agreement (as defined in General Condition 3.2(d)). This 30% 
withholding tax on the Issuer is referred to herein as "Double Withholding" and will be in addition 
to the 30% withholding tax imposed under Section 871(m) on payments made on the Section 
871(m) Security (although the Section 871(m) Security may not be subject to Double Withholding 
for a portion of the time the Section 871(m) Security is outstanding. The amount of income that 
will be withheld on the Section 871(m) Securities will be computed on the gross amount of any 
dividend equivalent payment, that is, before taking into account the Section 871(m) related 
withholding on payments to the Issuer. Thus, the total amount that is effectively withheld will be 
60% of any dividend equivalent payments. If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion 
that it is not subject to withholding tax on dividend equivalent payments it receives on the Swap 
Agreement, the Issuer will not apply Double Withholding on Section 871(m) Securities. As long 
as Double Withholding is not currently being applied, no Double Withholding will apply if at any 
time the Issuer is a QDD, the Issuer, without the consent of the Securityholders, substitutes 
another company as issuer, regardless of whether the Substitute is a QDD. If the Issuer loses its 
status as a QDD and or otherwise determines after issuance of a Security that Double Withholding 
applies, the Issuer reserves the right to start applying Double Withholding, regardless of any 
earlier determination to the contrary.  
4.7 
Without limiting the generality of any other portion of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, 
the Issuer shall not pay any additional amounts to any Securityholder in respect of withholding 
taxes arising with respect to FATCA, Section 871(m), or Double Withholding. 
5 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT IN RELATION TO THE ISSUER AND/OR ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
5.1 
Mandatory Termination 
All securities issued under the Programme shall be terminated automatically ("Mandatory 
Termination") and be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) following 
the occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"):

--- Page 50 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
50 
 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer fails to pay any amount due in respect of any securities issued under the 
Programme within 30 Business Days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of Obligations 
The Issuer, except for reason of insolvency, defaults in the performance or observance of 
any of its other obligations under or in respect of any securities issued under the 
Programme and such default remains unremedied for 60 Business Days after written notice 
thereof, addressed to the Issuer by holders of the securities issued under the Programme 
has been delivered to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Insolvency 
(i) 
The Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due,  
(ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer for the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst 
solvent),  
(iii) 
the Issuer takes any action for a composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or  
(iv) 
 an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(d) 
Extraordinary Termination Event 
An Extraordinary Termination Event (as defined in General Condition 7.1) in respect of any 
securities issued under the Programme occurs and the Issuer declares such Extraordinary 
Termination Event to be an Event of Default.  
5.2 
Realisation Process if an Event of Default occurs 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount 
Following a Mandatory Termination the amount payable per security issued under the 
Programme to the holders of such securities after application of the Event of Default Order 
of Priority (as defined below) will be the proceeds derived from the Event of Default 
Realisation Process (as defined below), divided by the number of outstanding securities 
issued under the Programme, but excluding the securities issued under the Programme 
held by the Securities Custodian (the "Early Redemption Amount"). The Early 
Redemption Amount will be payable not later than the tenth Business Day immediately 
following the determination of the Early Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Event of Default Realisation Process 
Following the occurrence of a Mandatory Termination the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
without undue delay give notice to the Note Trustee and the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 of such occurrence; and

--- Page 51 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
51 
 
(ii) 
within three months of publication of such notice liquidate the Programme Assets  
(the "Event of Default Realisation Process").  
(c) 
Event of Default Order of Priority 
Any proceeds derived from the Event of Default Realisation Process shall be applied in the 
following order of priority (the "Event of Default Order of Priority"): 
(i) 
first, to pay the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note 
Trustee in carrying out its functions in relation to the securities issued under the 
Programme; 
(ii) 
second, to pay the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the 
Agents in carrying out their functions in relation to the securities issued under the 
Programme; 
(iii) 
third, to pay all claims of the Swap Counterparty in relation to the securities issued 
under the Programme; and 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata the Early Redemption Amount to the holders of outstanding 
securities issued under the Programme. 
(d) 
Limited recourse 
(i) 
Following the Event of Default Realisation Process the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any security issued under the Programme will be limited to such net 
proceeds as applied in the Event of Default Order of Priority. No other assets of the 
Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the securities issued 
under the Programme. The right to receive any further payments in respect of any 
securities issued under the Programme shall be extinguished. 
(ii) 
Following the extinguishment of the claims of the Securityholders against the Issuer, 
none of the Note Trustee or any Securityholder or any other party to any applicable 
Supplemental Trust Agreement or any person acting on behalf of any of them may 
at any time take any further action(s) to recover any sum or may not institute or join 
with any other person in instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, 
winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court 
proceedings or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets. 
(iii) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of the Swap 
Counterparty or the Note Trustee or its affiliates shall incur any personal liability as 
a result of the performance or non-performance by the Issuer of its obligations under 
the Securities and Securityholders shall not have recourse against such persons. 
(e) 
Payment after a default 
At any time after an Event of Default has occurred the Note Trustee may: 
(i) 
by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Swedish Paying Agent, require the Swedish 
Paying Agent, until notified by the Note Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted 
by applicable law: 
(A) 
to act as agent of the Note Trustee under the Principal Trust Agreement on 
the terms of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement (with consequential

--- Page 52 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
52 
 
amendments as necessary), and except that the Note Trustee’s liability for the 
indemnification, remuneration and expenses of the Swedish Paying Agent 
shall be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Note Trustee in 
respect of the Securities on the terms of the Principal Trust Agreement or any 
applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement and which are available to 
discharge such liability and 
(B) 
thereafter to hold all moneys, documents and records held by them in respect 
of Securities to the order of the Note Trustee; or 
(ii) 
by notice in writing to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in 
respect of the Securities to or to the order of the Note Trustee and not to the Swedish 
Paying Agent and with effect from the issue of any such notice to the Issuer. 
No payment may be made to the Securityholders on the Maturity Date until any amount 
due and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Agents has been paid in full. 
The Principal Trust Agreement and any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement, if 
applicable, contain provisions for the indemnification of the Note Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
6 
EXTRAORDINARY TERMINATION FOLLOWING THE TERMINATION OF THE 
COOPERATION AGREEMENT 
All securities issued under the Programme will be terminated by the Issuer by giving one (1) 
month's notice and redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined above in General 
Condition 5.2) in the event that the Business Partner submits a termination notice in relation to a 
cooperation agreement between the Business Partner, the Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc (the "Cooperation Agreement"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Early Redemption Amount shall be determined in the same way 
the Early Redemption Amount is determined following an Event of Default and the term 
"Mandatory Termination" shall be deemed to be the termination of the Securities by the Issuer 
upon receipt of the notice of termination of the Cooperation Agreement by the Business Partner. 
Where: 
"Business Partner" means Avanza Bank AB, Regeringsgatan 103, 111 39 Stockholm, 
Sweden. 
7 
EXTRAORDINARY TERMINATION IN RELATION TO THE SERIES OF 
SECURITIES 
7.1 
Extraordinary Termination Events 
If any of the following events (each an "Extraordinary Termination Event") occurs the Issuer 
may terminate the Securities in whole (but not in part) and redeem the Securities at the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined below): 
(a) 
The Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, the Dealer, the Swedish Paying Agent, the 
Note Trustee, the Acquired Assets Custodian or the Securities Custodian defaults, 
provided that the Issuer is not responsible for the occurrence of such event; or

--- Page 53 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
53 
 
(b) 
The Swap Counterparty terminates the Swap Agreement (as defined in General Condition 
3.2(d)), the Dealer terminates the Dealer Agreement, the Securities Custodian terminates 
the Securities Custody Agreement, the Note Trustee terminates the Principal Trust 
Agreement or any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement, the Acquired Assets 
Custodian terminates the Acquired Assets Custody Agreement and/or the Swedish Paying 
Agent terminates the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Issuer is not in a 
position to appoint an alternative provider prior to the effective date of the relevant 
termination, provided that the Issuer is not responsible for the occurrence of such event; or 
(c) 
The Swap Agreement becomes subject to withholding taxes (regardless of whether Double 
Withholding applies); or 
(d) 
An event described in Product Condition 5, or an EMU Event (as defined in Product 
Condition 6) occurs which in the reasonable discretion of the Calculation Agent cannot be 
addressed through an adjustment; or 
(e) 
The Issuer determines, in its reasonable discretion, that: 
(i) 
an Illegality Event has occurred. An Illegality Event means that, at any time on or 
after the First Trading Date the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Terms and Conditions will be unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power ("Applicable Law"); or 
(ii) 
a Regulatory Event has occurred. A "Regulatory Event" means that, at any time on 
or after the First Trading Date, as a result of: 
(A) 
an implementation or adoption of, or change in, Applicable Law, regulation, 
interpretation, action or response of a regulatory authority; 
(B) 
the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, government 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (a "Relevant Authority") of, 
any relevant law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority); or 
(C) 
the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any Relevant 
Authority or any official or representative of any Relevant Authority acting in 
an official capacity,  
there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming: 
(1) 
unlawful, impossible or impracticable, for the Issuer to maintain the 
Securities and/or to perform its obligations under the Securities; and/or 
(2) 
necessary for the Issuer to obtain a licence, authorisation or other 
approval for the continuation or maintenance of the business relating to 
or supporting the Securities or their hedging activities in relation to such 
Securities; or 
(f) 
There are circumstances that make it impossible or unreasonable for the Issuer:  
(i) 
to convert the Underlying Currency into the Settlement Currency by means of regular 
and legal transactions on the foreign exchange market; or

--- Page 54 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
54 
 
(ii) 
to transfer deposits held in the Underlying Currency from a specific jurisdiction into 
another; or  
(iii) 
there are other circumstances that have a comparable negative effect on the 
convertibility of the Underlying Currency into the Settlement Currency; or  
(g) 
A QDD Event has occurred. A "QDD Event" means that the Issuer, because it is a QDD (a 
"qualified derivatives dealer" for U.S. tax purposes) or otherwise, and having determined 
in its reasonable discretion that it is not subject to withholding tax on dividend equivalent 
payments it receives on the Swap Agreement, and having not applied Double Withholding 
(as defined in General Condition 4.6) on Section 871(m) Securities, loses its status as a 
QDD or in its reasonable discretion determines that its earlier determinations and/or actions 
are no longer (or were not when made) justified. The Issuer shall without undue delay notify 
the occurrence of a QDD Event pursuant to General Condition 11 and indicate in such 
notification if it intends to terminate the Securities due to an Extraordinary Termination 
Event.  
7.2 
Declaration of an Event of Default 
Prior to the commencement of the Realisation Process (as defined below) the Issuer may declare 
any Extraordinary Termination Event to be an Event of Default. 
7.3 
Realisation Process if an Extraordinary Termination Event occurs 
(a) 
Early Termination Amount 
Following a termination by the Issuer due to an Extraordinary Termination Event, the 
amount payable per Security to the Securityholders after application of the Order of Priority 
(as defined below) will be the proceeds derived from the Realisation Process divided by 
the number of outstanding Securities, but excluding the Securities held by the Securities 
Custodian (the "Early Termination Amount"). The Early Termination Amount will be 
payable not later than the tenth Business Day immediately following the determination of 
the Early Termination Amount. 
(b) 
Realisation Process 
If, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Termination Event that has not been 
declared an Event of Default by the Issuer, the Issuer in its reasonable discretion decides 
to terminate the Securities the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
give without undue delay notice to the Note Trustee and the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 of such occurrence and its decision to 
terminate the Securities (except as in the case of a QDD Event where such notice 
has already been made in accordance with General Condition 7.1 (g)); and 
(ii) 
within 30 Business Days of publication of such notice realise the Programme Asset 
Portion (as defined in General Condition 3 (g)) by way of:  
(A) 
closing out a portion of the Swap Agreement (as defined in General Condition 
3.2(d)); and 
(B) 
selling Acquired Assets (as defined in General Condition 3 (a)) to the Dealer 
or, if the Dealer is not able to facilitate such sale, the Issuer will determine 
another financial institution

--- Page 55 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
55 
 
(the "Realisation Process").  
(c) 
Order of Priority 
Any proceeds derived from the Realisation Process shall be applied in the following order 
of priority (the "Order of Priority"): 
(i) 
first, to pay the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note 
Trustee in carrying out its functions in relation to the Securities; 
(ii) 
second, to pay the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the 
Agents and the Corporate Administrator in carrying out their functions in relation to 
the Securities; 
(iii) 
third, to pay all claims of the Swap Counterparty in relation to the Securities; and 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata the Early Termination Amount to the Securityholders.  
(d) 
Limited recourse 
(i) 
Following the Realisation Process the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities will be limited to such net proceeds as applied in the Order of Priority. No 
other assets of the Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the 
Securities. The right to receive any further payments in respect of any Securities 
shall be extinguished. Failure to make any such payment in respect of any shortfall 
shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default. 
(ii) 
Following the extinguishment of the claims mentioned in (d) (i) above of the 
Securityholders against the Issuer, none of the Note Trustee or any Securityholder 
or any other party to any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement or any person 
acting on behalf of any of them may at any time take any further action(s) to recover 
any sum or may not institute or join with any other person in instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other 
similar proceedings in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets. 
(iii) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of the Swap 
Counterparty or its affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the 
performance or non-performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Securities 
and none of the Note Trustee or any Securityholder or any other party to any 
applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement or any person acting on behalf of any of 
them shall have recourse against such persons. 
8 
PRESCRIPTION 
The period of presentation as established in § 801 section 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(BGB) is reduced to ten years. 
9 
AGENTS 
9.1 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer has appointed the following agents (the "Agents"):  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Calculation Agent") under a calculation agency 
agreement (the "Calculation Agency Agreement);

--- Page 56 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
56 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Securities Custodian") under a custody 
agreement between the Issuer and the Securities Custodian (the "Securities Custody 
Agreement"); 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Acquired Assets Custodian") which will 
hold the Acquired Assets on behalf of the Issuer under a custody agreement between the Issuer 
and the Acquired Assets Custodian (the "Acquired Assets Custody Agreement") 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the "Swedish Paying Agent") under an issuing and 
paying agency agreement between the Issuer, the Swedish Paying Agent and the Note Trustee 
(the "Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement"); 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (the "Corporate Administrator") under a corporate 
administration agreement with the Corporate Administrator (the "Corporate Administration 
Agreement"). 
9.2 
Appointment of new agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and 
to appoint substitute or additional agents, provided that so long as the Securities are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, 
there will be a paying agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
of such listing agent, stock exchange and/or quotation system. If a substitute or an additional 
agent is appointed the terms defined in General Condition 9.1 in relation to a function shall be 
deemed to also apply to the respective newly appointed substitute or additional agent. 
9.3 
Role of Agents 
(a) 
Each Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer or after an Event of Default as an agent of 
the Note Trustee and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculation and determination functions 
required of any Agent under the Terms and Conditions may be delegated to any such 
person as the Agent in its reasonable discretion, may decide. 
(b) 
None of the Issuer or any Agent shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in 
the calculation and dissemination of any variables used in any calculation made pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions or in the determination of any cash amounts arising from such 
errors or omissions. 
9.4 
No liability 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the Securities by an Agent or the Issuer 
shall (in the absence of manifest error or wilful misconduct) be binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders and no liability to the Securityholders and/or the Note Trustee shall attach to the 
Agent or the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by any of them of their powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
10 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders create and issue 
further securities so as to form a single series with the Securities of this Series, but upon such 
terms as to issue price and otherwise as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable discretion.

--- Page 57 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
57 
 
11 
NOTICES 
All notices to the Securityholders  
(a) 
shall 
be 
published 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers (or any successor website) and 
shall become effective upon such publication; and/or  
(b) 
 shall be published on the website of the exchange where the Securities are listed if the 
rules of such exchange so require; and/or  
(c) 
may be delivered to the applicable Clearing System(s) for communication by the Clearing 
System(s) to the Securityholders; and 
shall become effective upon such publication/communication.  
Additional publication requirements under mandatory provisions of law or under the rules or 
regulations of any relevant stock exchange shall remain unaffected. 
12 
SUBSTITUTION  
12.1 
The Issuer is entitled at any time, without the consent of the Securityholders, to substitute another 
company as issuer (the "Substitute") with respect to all obligations under or in connection with 
the Securities, if 
(a) 
the Substitute assumes all obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the 
Securities, 
(b) 
the Substitute has obtained all necessary authorisations, if any, by the competent 
authorities, under which the Substitute may perform all obligations arising under or in 
connection with the Securities and transfer payments to the Swedish Paying Agent without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes, charges or expenses, and 
(c) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations of the Substitute. 
12.2 
In case of such a substitution of the Issuer any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall forthwith be deemed to refer to the Substitute. 
12.3 
The substitution of the Issuer shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Securityholders and 
will be published to the Securityholders without undue delay in accordance with General Condition 
11. 
13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
SECURITYHOLDERS 
13.1 
The Securityholders may, with the consent of the Issuer, agree by majority vote pursuant to the 
German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") to 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions and appoint a joint representative for all 
Securityholders for the preservation of their rights (§ 5 subparagraph (1) sentence 1 SchVG). 
13.2 
Resolutions of the Securityholders shall be passed by means of a voting not requiring a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in accordance with § 18 SchVG.

--- Page 58 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
 
58 
 
14 
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND SEVERABILITY 
14.1 
The Securities as well as all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the holders of the Securities 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany, except that the form and registration of the Securities shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
14.2 
The exclusive place of jurisdiction under or in connection with the Securities shall be Frankfurt 
am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, unless otherwise provided for by mandatory provisions 
of law.  
14.3 
If any of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions is or becomes invalid in whole or in part, the 
remaining provisions shall remain valid. 
14.4 
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any proceedings in the Federal Republic of Germany 
are begun may be served on it by being delivered to Morgan Stanley Bank AG, Grosse 
Gallusstrasse 18, 60312 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. If such person ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall appoint another 
person in the Federal Republic of Germany to accept service of process on its behalf.

--- Page 59 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
59 
 
PART 2: PRODUCT CONDITIONS 
OPTION A: INDEX CERTIFICATES 
Terms in capitals which are not defined in these Product Conditions shall have the meanings ascribed 
to them in the General Conditions.  
1 
SECURITYHOLDER’S RIGHTS 
1.1 
Subject to an early termination, each Security entitles the Securityholder to receive the Cash 
Amount from the Issuer on the Maturity Date following the Early Valuation Date, the Initial 
Valuation Date or the relevant Subsequent Valuation Date, respectively, as set out in the 
provisions below. 
1.2 
The Initial Valuation Date and any Subsequent Valuation Date(s) will automatically be extended 
by five years unless there is a termination of the Securities (in whole but not in part) by the Issuer 
in accordance with Product Condition 1.4 below ("Call"). If the Securities are not terminated by 
the Issuer, any Subsequent Valuation Date shall then, for all purposes, be the Valuation Date. 
1.3 
The Securityholders are entitled to exercise the Securities on  
(a) 
the Early Valuation Date, if a QDD Event (as defined in General Condition 7.1 (g)) has 
occurred and the Issuer has declared its intention not to terminate the Securities due to 
an Extraordinary Termination Event;  
(b) 
the Initial Valuation Date; or  
(c) 
any Subsequent Valuation Date(s)  
in accordance with Product Condition 1.4 below ("Securityholder's Exercise"). 
1.4 
A Securityholder's Exercise can only be declared up to (but excluding) the tenth Business Day 
before the Early Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date or any relevant Subsequent Valuation 
Date(s), respectively, and a Call can only be declared up to (but excluding) the tenth Business 
Day before the Initial Valuation Date or any relevant Subsequent Valuation Date(s), respectively 
(each such period a "Notice Period"). In the event of a Securityholder's Exercise, the 
Securityholder will have to inform the Issuer before expiry of the Notice Period of its intention to 
exercise its Securities. In the event of a Call, the Issuer will before expiry of the Notice Period 
notify the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 11 of its intention to terminate 
the Securities. A Securityholder's Exercise or a Call shall become effective on the Early Valuation 
Date, the Initial Valuation Date or the relevant Subsequent Valuation Date, respectively. 
2 
CASH AMOUNT 
The amount payable by the Issuer in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date (the "Cash 
Amount") shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula, less Expenses (if any): 
Final Reference Price / Final Ratio. 
The Cash Amount shall not be less than zero. The Cash Amount shall be, where applicable, 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in the Settlement Currency, 0.005 being rounded downwards, if necessary.

--- Page 60 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
60 
 
Where: 
"Final Ratio" means the Ratio on the Valuation Date; 
"Final Reference Price" means the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent without regard to any subsequently published 
correction and specified in the Final Terms; 
"Ratio" or "R" means initially on the First Trading Date the Ratio specified as "Initial Ratio" 
in the Table of Terms. 
The Initial Ratio is equal to the Initial Reference Price divided by the Initial Cash Amount. The 
"Initial Cash Amount" is the amount specified in the Table of Terms and the "Initial Reference 
Price" is the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, as specified in the Table 
of Terms. Where applicable, the Initial Reference Price will be converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate. 
Thereafter, the Ratio will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
 
Where: 
"Rt-1" means the Ratio on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
"RPt-1" means the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the immediately preceding 
Trading Day; 
"SF" means a fee which is a percentage of the performance of the Index and which will 
accrue on a daily basis. Initially on the Strike Date this fee is the percentage specified as 
"Initial Security Fee" in the Table of Terms. Thereafter this fee may be increased or 
decreased, subject to a maximum percentage and minimum percentage specified in the 
Table of Terms as "Maximum Security Fee" and "Minimum Security Fee"; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"DCFt,t-1" means the day count fraction, being the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the immediately preceding Calculation Date to (and including) the current 
Calculation Date, divided by 360; and 
"Dt" means, where applicable, the dividend(s) as further specified in the definition of 
Dividend Amount. 
3 
DEFINITIONS 
"Acquired Assets Custodian" is the custodian specified in General Condition 9; 
"Adjustment Payment" means, in respect of any Security, the payment (if any) determined by 
the Calculation Agent as is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement of 












−
−
−
−

−

−
=
)
DCF
SF
(1
R
RP
D
RP
R
t
1,
t
1
t
1
t
t
1
t
t

--- Page 61 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
61 
 
the Index by the Pre-nominated Alternative Index. The Calculation Agent may determine that the 
Adjustment Payment is zero; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities, a determination made 
by the Calculation Agent that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Benchmark or 
the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, 
or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that any of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Securities; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of any Securities and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(a) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that 
the Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Securities following rejection, refusal, 
suspension or withdrawal,  
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue Date; 
"Agents" are the agents specified in General Condition 9; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Benchmark, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified in the Table of Terms as an "Alternative Pre-
nominated Index" that is not subject to an Administrator/Benchmark Event or an Index 
Cancellation or an Index Modification; 
"Benchmark"" means the Index; 
"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday 
nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or required by law or regulation to close in 
London, Stockholm and Jersey; 
"Calculation Agent" is the agent specified in General Condition 9; 
"Calculation Date" means each day (other than Saturday and Sunday); 
"Cash Amount" means an amount determined in accordance with Product Condition 2; 
"Clearing Systems" means Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear, and Clearstream Luxembourg; 
Where: 
"Clearstream Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme of 42 av. J.-
F Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. of 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium; 
"Euroclear Sweden" means Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE 
101 23, Stockholm, Sweden;

--- Page 62 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
62 
 
"Dealer" means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; 
"Dealer Agreement" means a dealer agreement between the Issuer and the Dealer; 
"Dividend Amount" means: 
(a) 
if the Table of Terms specifies "Dividend Amount" to be applicable, an amount equal to 
the aggregate of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions (other than 
extraordinary dividends) in respect of each Index Component, which has an ex-dividend 
date occurring during the Dividend Period, and:  
(i) 
if "Gross Dividend" is specified as "Applicable" in the Table of Terms, calculated 
without regard to any withholding tax or other tax deductions; or  
(ii) 
if "Net Dividend" is specified as "Applicable" in the Table of Terms, the subtraction 
of a withholding rate which will be calculated using a withholding rate not less than 
the maximum withholding tax rate imposed by the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
relevant component security included in the Index on foreign institutional investors 
who do not benefit from any double taxation treaties; or 
(iii) 
if "Gross Dividend for Index Components incorporated in the U.S. and otherwise Net 
Dividend" is specified as "Applicable" in the Table of Terms, (1) for Index 
Components incorporated in the U.S., without regard to any withholding tax or other 
tax deductions, but subject to a deduction by the Issuer of a margin amount up to a 
maximum of 30 %, and otherwise (2) as described in (a)(ii) above. 
The above mentioned amounts will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion and less any Expenses determined by the Issuer.  
Where Double Withholding (as defined in General Condition 4.6) applies with respect to a 
Section 871(m) Security (also defined in General Condition 4.6), "Net Dividend" and "Gross 
Dividend for Index Components incorporated in the U.S. and otherwise Net Dividend" will 
be determined taking account of Double Withholding.  
If the currency of the Dividend Amount is different to the Underlying Currency, the Dividend 
Amount shall be converted into the Underlying Currency at the Exchange Rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
if the Table of Terms specifies that "Dividend Amount" is not applicable, it shall be zero. A 
Dividend Amount which has been specified as "Not Applicable" can during the term of the 
Security and in the reasonable discretion of the Issuer pursuant to § 315 of the German 
Civil Code (BGB) be amended to "Applicable" with effect from such date as the Issuer shall 
determine and, as from the date so determined, any Dividend Amount shall be determined 
and/or calculated as described under (a) above. Any such determination by the Issuer shall 
be notified without undue delay to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
Where: 
"Dividend Period" means (a) the period from (but excluding) the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date to (and including) the current Calculation Date; 
For further information please write to Strukturierte-Produkte@MorganStanley.com.

--- Page 63 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
63 
 
"Early Valuation Date" means the day which is the twentieth Trading Day after notification 
pursuant to General Condition 11 that a QDD Event (as defined in General Condition 7.1(g)) has 
occurred; 
"Exchange Rate" means where (a) the Underlying Currency is different to the Settlement 
Currency, or (b) the currency of the Dividend Amount is different to the Underlying Currency, the 
rate of exchange the relevant currencies at the relevant time on such day and quoted on the 
Exchange Rate Price Source, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Where: 
"Exchange Rate Price Source" means, such screen page, price source or other source 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion to be appropriate at 
such time. 
"Expenses" means all costs, charges, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including all applicable 
depository, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duties, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, arising in connection with any 
payment due in respect of the Security; 
"First Trading Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Index" means the index specified in the Table of Terms, subject to adjustments in accordance 
with Product Condition 5; 
"Index Component" means in relation to (a) a share index, any securities or other financial 
instruments that comprise the Index and (b) a commodity index, any commodity and/or commodity 
futures that comprise the Index; 
"Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and adjustments (if any) relating 
to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index for each 
Trading Day; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified in the Table of Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Trading Day, the next following Trading Day); 
"Issue Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Issuer" means alphabeta access products ltd; 
"Maturity Date" means the day falling not later than the tenth Business Day immediately following 
a Valuation Date; 
"Note Trustee" means Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited; 
"Principal Trust Agreement" means a principal trust agreement between the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee and "Supplemental Trust Agreement" means any applicable supplemental trust 
agreement relating thereto;  
"Programme" means the issuance programme as defined in General Condition 1.1; 
"QDD Event" means an event as described in General Condition 7.1(g);

--- Page 64 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
64 
 
"Reference Price" means the level of the Index published by the Index Sponsor, subject to 
adjustments in accordance with Product Condition 5; 
"Related Exchange" has the meaning given in Product Condition 4.2; 
"Securities" or "Certificates" means the securities as defined in General Condition 1.1 and 
"Security" or "Certificate" means any of them; 
"Securities Custodian" is the custodian specified in General Condition 9; 
"Securityholder" means the holder of any Security as defined in General Condition 1.3 and 
"Securityholders" means all of them; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Valuation Date(s)" means the day falling five years after the Initial Valuation Date 
or the prior Subsequent Valuation Date (or, if such date is not a Trading Day, the next following 
Trading Day); 
"Swap Agreement" and "Swap Counterparty" have the meaning as specified in General 
Condition 3.2 (d); 
"Swedish Paying Agent" is the agent specified in General Condition 9; 
"Table of Terms" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Trading Day" means any day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level 
of the Index and (b) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session; 
"Underlying Currency" means the currency specified in the Table of Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means the Early Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date and any Subsequent 
Valuation Date(s), subject to adjustments in accordance with Product Condition 5; and  
"Valuation Time" means the time on which the official closing level of the Index is published by 
the Index Sponsor, or such other time as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable discretion. 
4 
MARKET DISRUPTION 
4.1 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
that eighth Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion the level of the Index on 
that eighth Trading Day. The Calculation Agent will determine this level in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day. The Calculation Agent will use the Exchange traded or quoted 
price(s) as of the valuation time on that eighth Trading Day of each Index Component. If 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of a relevant Index 
Component on that eighth Trading Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value for 
the relevant security on that eighth Trading Day in its reasonable discretion.

--- Page 65 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
65 
 
4.2 
For the purposes of Product Condition 4.1 above: 
"Disrupted Day" means any Trading Day on which (a) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level 
of the Index; (b) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or (c) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Trading Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange prior to the regular scheduled closing time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange; 
and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution; 
"Exchange" means the principal stock exchange quotation system on which an Index Component 
is principally traded or any substitute exchange or quotation system; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, any Index Component on any relevant Exchange relating to Index Components; or (b) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Index 
and/or Index Components on any relevant Related Exchange;  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption; 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(c) 
an Early Closure. 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of an Index Component, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison 
of (i) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Index Component and (ii) the overall 
level of the Index, in each case immediately before the Market Disruption Event occurred; 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Index and/or Index 
Components; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means the original date that, but for a Disrupted Day, would have 
been a Valuation Date; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange 
or Related Exchange and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the Exchange or Related Exchange (a) relating to the Index and/or any Index Components; or (b) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Index and/or any Index Component. 
5 
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE UNDERLYING AND TERMINATION OF THE 
SECURITIES FOR CERTAIN EVENTS 
5.1 
Successor Index: 
If the Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor, but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation

--- Page 66 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
66 
 
Agent in it's reasonable discretion, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
5.2 
Index Adjustment Events: 
(a) 
Index Cancellation 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date, either (1) the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the 
Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation") or (2) the Table of Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Provisions 
are 
applicable 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in respect of such Index, then: 
(i) 
If the Table of Terms specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable 
and if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such 
Index in the Final Terms, then: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to determine an Adjustment Payment; 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines an Adjustment Payment, 
(aa) it shall notify the Issuer of the Adjustment Payment and if the 
Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Securityholder would (but 
for Product Condition 5.2(a)(i)(B)(cc)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer 
in respect of each Security, request the Issuer to notify the Calculation 
Agent whether it intends to terminate the Securities pursuant to Product 
Condition 5.3. If the Issuer does not intend to terminate the Securities 
pursuant to Product Condition 5.3 then the following provisions of this 
Product Condition 5.2 (a)(i) shall apply; 
(bb) the terms of the Securities shall be amended so that references to the 
Index are replaced by references to the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index; 
(cc) 
the Terms and Conditions shall be adjusted to implement the 
Adjustment Payment as follows: 
(1) if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Issuer is required 
to pay in respect of each Security, the Calculation Agent shall 
adjust the Terms and Conditions to provide for the payment of the 
Adjustment Payment on the date when the Securities are settled 
in full; or 
(2) if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Securityholder 
would (but for this Product Condition 5.2(a)(i)(B)(cc)(2)) be 
required to pay to the Issuer in respect of each Security, the 
Calculation Agent shall adjust the Terms and Conditions to provide 
for the reduction of the amounts due by the Issuer until the 
aggregate amount of such reductions is equal to the Adjustment 
Payment, (subject, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
to any minimum settlement amount of the Securities which the 
Calculation Agent determines is required pursuant to any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law) and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or

--- Page 67 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
67 
 
quotation system by which the Securities have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation); 
(dd) the Calculation Agent shall make such other adjustments to the Terms 
and Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate in order to 
account for the effect of the replacement of the Index with the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index and/or to preserve as nearly as 
practicable the economic equivalence of the Securities before and after 
the replacement of the Index with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index; 
and 
(ee) the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Securityholders of 
any replacement of the Index by the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, 
the Adjustment Payment and any other adjustments to the Terms and 
Conditions, giving summary details of the adjustment(s), provided that 
any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
foregoing. 
(C) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine an Adjustment Payment, then 
Product Condition 5.3 shall apply. 
(ii) 
If the Table of Terms do not specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable then Product Condition 5.3 shall apply; 
(b) 
Index Modification and Index Disruption 
If on or prior to any Valuation Date the Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other way 
materially modifies the Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method 
to maintain the Index for certain events) (an "Index Modification"); or on any Valuation 
Date, the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a level for the Index (an "Index 
Disruption"" and together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an 
"Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, subject to Product 
Condition 5.3, shall calculate in its reasonable discretion the level of the Index using, in lieu 
of a published level for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to that Index Modification 
or Index Disruption, but using only those securities that comprised the Index immediately 
prior to that Index Adjustment Event. 
5.3 
Termination for an Index Adjustment Event 
(a) 
If: 
(i) 
an Index Cancellation occurs and the Table of Terms does not specify that the 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable; 
(ii) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, and the 
Table of Terms specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable but 
does not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index; 
(iii) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, and the 
Table of Terms specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and

--- Page 68 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
68 
 
specifies an Alternative Pre-nominated Index but the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine the Adjustment Payment; 
(iv) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, and the 
Table of Terms specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and 
specifies an Alternative Pre-nominated Index and the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Adjustment Payment would be an amount that the Securityholder would (but 
for Product Condition 5.2(a)(i)(B)(cc)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer in respect 
of each Security; or 
(v) 
an Index Modification or an Index Disruption occurs and it (i) would be unlawful at 
any time under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) would contravene any 
applicable licensing requirements, in each case for the Calculation Agent to calculate 
the relevant Cash Amount in accordance with Product Condition 5.2 (b), 
then the Issuer may, at any time thereafter and in its reasonable discretion, determine that 
the Securities shall be terminated in accordance with General Condition 7.  
(b) 
If the Issuer so determines that the Securities shall be terminated, then the Securities shall 
cease to be exercisable (or, in the case of any Securities which have been exercised, the 
entitlements of the respective exercising Securityholders to receive the interests or 
payment of the Cash Amount pursuant to such exercise shall cease) as of such later date 
and the Issuer will pay an amount in respect of each Security which the Calculation Agent, 
in its reasonable discretion, determines is an amount equal to the Early Cash Amount. 
The Issuer's obligations under the relevant Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment 
of such amount. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion, 
considers appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement or 
payment terms of the relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment, which change or 
adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine. The 
Calculation Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of any such change or 
adjustment, giving summary details of the relevant change or adjustment, as soon as 
reasonably practicable provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of any such change or adjustment. 
5.4 
Each and any of the Calculation Agent's determinations in accordance with this Product Condition 
5 shall be notified without undue delay to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
6 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AND MONETARY UNION EVENT 
6.1 
Consequences of an EMU Event: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders and on giving notice in accordance with General Condition 11, make such 
adjustment to the Terms and Conditions (and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment) as the Issuer, in its reasonable discretion, determines appropriate to account 
for such EMU Event in relation to the Securities. 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event the Issuer shall be entitled to:

--- Page 69 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option A: Index Certificates 
 
69 
 
(i) 
make such conversions between amounts denominated in the national currency 
units (the "National Currency Units") of the member states of the European Union 
(the "Member States") that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
EC Treaty and the euro, and the euro and the National Currency Units, in each case, 
in accordance with the conversion rates and rounding rules established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to the EC Treaty as the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion, considers appropriate; 
(ii) 
make all payments in respect of the Securities solely in euro as though references 
in the Securities to the relevant National Currency Units were to euro; and 
(iii) 
make such adjustments as the Issuer, in its reasonable discretion considers 
necessary to the formula for any Cash Amount and any other amount as it 
determines, in its reasonable discretion, to be appropriate. 
6.2 
EMU Event: 
"EMU Event" (European Economic and Monetary Union Event) means the occurrence of any of 
the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
the withdrawal from legal tender of any currency that, before the introduction of the euro, 
was lawful currency in one of the Member States; 
(b) 
any change in the currency of denomination of the Index into euro; 
(c) 
any change in the currency in which some or all Index Components denominated into euro; 
(d) 
the disappearance or replacement of a relevant rate option or other price source for the 
national currency of any Member State, or the failure of the agreed sponsor (or successor 
sponsor) to publish or display a relevant rate, index, price, page or screen; or 
(e) 
the change by any organised market, exchange or clearance, payment or settlement 
system in the unit of account of its operating procedures to the euro. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 
March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 
1992) and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 October 1997), 
as further amended from time to time; and 
"European Economic and Monetary Union" means economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the EC Treaty.

--- Page 70 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
70 
 
PART 2: PRODUCT CONDITIONS 
OPTION B: SHARE CERTIFICATES 
Terms in capitals which are not defined in these Product Conditions shall have the meanings ascribed 
to them in the General Conditions.  
1 
SECURITYHOLDER’S RIGHTS 
1.1 
Subject to an early termination, each Security entitles the Securityholder to receive the Cash 
Amount from the Issuer on the Maturity Date following the Early Valuation Date, the Initial 
Valuation Date or, the relevant Subsequent Valuation Date, respectively, as set out in the 
provisions below. 
1.2 
The Initial Valuation Date and any Subsequent Valuation Date(s) will automatically be extended 
by five years unless there is a termination of the Securities (in whole but not in part) by the Issuer 
in accordance with Product Condition 1.4 below ("Call"). If the Securities are not terminated by 
the Issuer, any Subsequent Valuation Date shall then, for all purposes, be the Valuation Date. 
1.3 
The Securityholders are entitled to exercise the Securities on  
(a) 
the Early Valuation Date, if a QDD Event (as defined in General Condition 7.1 (g)) has 
occurred and the Issuer has declared its intention not to terminate the Securities due to an 
Extraordinary Termination Event;  
(b) 
the Initial Valuation Date; or  
(c) 
 any Subsequent Valuation Date(s)  
in accordance with Product Condition 1.4 below ("Securityholder's Exercise"). 
1.4 
A Securityholder's Exercise can only be declared up to (but excluding) the tenth Business Day 
before the Early Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date or any relevant Subsequent Valuation 
Date(s), respectively, and a Call can only be declared up to (but excluding) the tenth Business 
Day before the Initial Valuation Date or any relevant Subsequent Valuation Date(s), respectively 
(each such period a "Notice Period"). In the event of a Securityholder's Exercise, the 
Securityholder will have to inform the Issuer before expiry of the Notice Period of its intention to 
exercise its Securities. In the event of a Call, the Issuer will before expiry of the Notice Period 
notify the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 11 of its intention to terminate 
the Securities. A Securityholder's Exercise or a Call shall become effective on the Early Valuation 
Date, the Initial Valuation Date or the relevant Subsequent Valuation Date, respectively. 
2 
CASH AMOUNT 
The amount payable by the Issuer in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date (the "Cash 
Amount") shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula, less Expenses (if any): 
Final Reference Price / Final Ratio. 
The Cash Amount shall not be less than zero. The Cash Amount shall be, where applicable, 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in the Settlement Currency, 0.005 being rounded downwards, if necessary.

--- Page 71 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
71 
 
Where: 
"Final Ratio" means the Ratio on the Valuation Date; 
"Final Reference Price" means the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent without regard to any subsequently published 
correction and specified in the Final Terms; 
"Ratio" or "R" means initially on the First Trading Date the Ratio specified as "Initial Ratio" 
in the Table of Terms; 
The Initial Ratio is equal to the Initial Reference Price divided by the Initial Cash Amount. The 
"Initial Cash Amount" is the amount specified in the Table of Terms and the "Initial Reference 
Price" is the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, as specified in the Table 
of Terms. Where applicable, the Initial Reference Price will be converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate. 
Thereafter, the Ratio will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
 
Where: 
"Rt-1" means the Ratio on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
"RPt-1" means the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the immediately preceding 
Trading Day; 
"SF" means a fee which is a percentage of the performance of the Share and which will 
accrue on a daily basis. Initially on the Strike Date this fee is the percentage specified as 
"Initial Security Fee" in the Table of Terms. Thereafter this fee may be increased or 
decreased, subject to a maximum percentage and minimum percentage specified in the 
Table of Terms as "Maximum Security Fee" and "Minimum Security Fee"; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"DCFt,t-1" means the day count fraction, being the number of calendar days from (but 
excluding) the immediately preceding Calculation Date to (and including) the current 
Calculation Date, divided by 360; and 
"Dt" means, where applicable, the dividend(s) as further specified in the definition of 
Dividend Amount. 
3 
DEFINITIONS 
"Acquired Assets Custodian" is the custodian specified in General Condition 9; 
"Agents" are the agents specified in General Condition 9; 












−
−
−
−

−

−
=
)
DCF
SF
(1
R
RP
D
RP
R
t
1,
t
1
t
1
t
t
1
t
t

--- Page 72 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
72 
 
"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday 
nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or required by law or regulation to close in 
London, Stockholm and Jersey; 
"Calculation Agent" is the agent specified in General Condition 9; 
"Calculation Date" means each day (other than Saturday and Sunday); 
"Cash Amount" means an amount determined in accordance with Product Condition 2; 
"Clearing Systems" means Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear, and Clearstream Luxembourg; 
Where: 
"Clearstream Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme of 42 av. J.-
F Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg;  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. of 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium; 
"Euroclear Sweden" means Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE 
101 23, Stockholm, Sweden; 
"Dealer" means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; 
"Dealer Agreement " means a dealer agreement between the Issuer and the Dealer; 
"Dividend Amount" means: 
(a) 
if the Table of Terms specifies "Dividend Amount" to be applicable, an amount equal to the 
cash dividends and/or other cash distributions in respect of the Share, which has an ex-
dividend date occurring during the Dividend Period and:  
(i) 
if "Gross Dividend" is specified as "Applicable" in the Table of Terms, calculated 
without regard to any withholding tax or other tax deductions; or  
(ii) 
if "Net Dividend" is specified as "Applicable" in the Table of Terms, the subtraction 
of a withholding rate which will be calculated using a withholding rate not less than 
the maximum the withholding tax rate imposed by the jurisdiction of incorporation of 
the Share on foreign institutional investors who do not benefit from any double 
taxation treaties. 
The above mentioned amounts will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion and less any Expenses determined by the Issuer. 
Where Double Withholding (as defined in General Condition 4.6) applies with respect to a 
Section 871(m) Security (also defined in General Condition 4.6), "Net Dividend" will be 
determined taking account of Double Withholding. 
If the currency of the Dividend Amount is different to the Underlying Currency, the Dividend 
Amount shall be converted into the Underlying Currency at the Exchange Rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if the Table of Terms specifies that "Dividend Amount" is not applicable, it shall be zero. A 
Dividend Amount which has been specified as "Not Applicable" can during the term of the

--- Page 73 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
73 
 
Security and in the reasonable discretion of the Issuer pursuant to § 315 of the German 
Civil Code (BGB) be amended to "Applicable" with effect from such date as the Issuer shall 
determine and, as from the date so determined, any Dividend Amount shall be determined 
and/or calculated as described under (a) above. Any such determination by the Issuer shall 
be notified without undue delay to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
Where: 
"Dividend Period" means (a) the period from (but excluding) the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date to (and including) the current Calculation Date. 
"Early Valuation Date" means the day which is the twentieth Trading Day after notification 
pursuant to General Condition 11 that a QDD Event (as defined in General Condition 7.1(g)) has 
occurred; 
"Exchange" means the exchange or quotation system specified as such in the Table of Terms or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system, and any successor to such Exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has 
temporarily relocated, provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange;  
"Exchange Rate" means where (a) the Underlying Currency is different to the Settlement 
Currency, or (b) the currency of the Dividend Amount is different to the Underlying Currency, the 
rate of exchange the relevant currencies at the relevant time on such day and quoted on the 
Exchange Rate Price Source, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Rate Price Source" means, such screen page, price source or other source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion to be appropriate at such time; 
"Expenses" means all costs, charges, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including all applicable 
depository, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duties, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, arising in connection with any 
payment due in respect of the Security; 
"First Trading Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified in the Table of Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Trading Day, the next following Trading Day); 
"Issue Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" means the day falling not later than the tenth Business Day immediately following 
a Valuation Date; 
"Note Trustee" means Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited; 
"Principal Trust Agreement" means a principal trust agreement between the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee and "Supplemental Trust Agreement" means any applicable supplemental trust 
agreement relating thereto;  
"Programme" means the issuance programme as defined in General Condition 1.1; 
"QDD Event" means an event as described in General Condition 7.1(g);

--- Page 74 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
74 
 
"Reference Price" means the price of the Share on the Exchange, subject to adjustments in 
accordance with Product Condition 5; 
"Related Exchange" has the meaning given in Product Condition 4.2; 
"Securities" or "Certificates" means the securities as defined in General Condition 1.1 and 
"Security" means any of them; 
"Securities Custodian" is the custodian specified in General Condition 9; 
"Securityholder" means the holder of any Security as defined in General Condition 1.3 and 
"Securityholders" means all of them; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Share" means the share specified as such in the Table of Terms, subject to adjustments in 
accordance with Product Condition 5; 
"Share Issuer" means the entity that is the issuer of the Share specified as such in the Table of 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Valuation Date(s)" means the day falling five years after the Initial Valuation Date 
or the prior Subsequent Valuation Date (or, if such date is not a Trading Day, the next following 
Trading Day); 
"Swap Agreement" and "Swap Counterparty" have the meaning as specified in General 
Condition 3.2 (d); 
"Swedish Paying Agent" is the agent specified in General Condition 9; 
"Table of Terms" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Trading Day" means any day on which the Exchange or Related Exchange is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session; 
"Underlying Currency" means the currency specified in the Table of Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means the Early Valuation Date, the Initial Valuation Date and any Subsequent 
Valuation Date(s), as the context requires subject to adjustments in accordance with Product 
Condition 5; and 
"Valuation Time" means the scheduled weekday closing time of the Exchange or Related 
Exchange or such other time as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable discretion. 
4 
MARKET DISRUPTION 
4.1 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
that eighth Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion the value for the Share 
on that eighth Trading Day.

--- Page 75 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
75 
 
4.2 
For the purposes of Product Condition 4.1 above: 
"Disrupted Day" means any Trading Day on which (a) the Exchange or Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (b) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Trading Day of the Exchange or any Related 
Exchange prior to the regular scheduled closing time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange; 
and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, the Share on the Exchange; or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the Share on any Related Exchange;  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption; 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(c) 
an Early Closure; 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Share; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means the original date that, but for a Disrupted Day, would have 
been a Valuation Date; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange 
or Related Exchange and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the Exchange or Related Exchange (a) relating to the Share on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Share. 
5 
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE UNDERLYING AND TERMINATION OF THE 
SECURITIES FOR CERTAIN EVENTS 
5.1 
Adjustments for Potential Share Adjustment Events: 
Following the declaration by the Share Issuer of the terms of a Potential Share Adjustment Event, 
the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Share Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will: 
(a) 
make such adjustment as the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion considers 
appropriate to the formula or other provisions for determining the Cash Amount and/or the 
Reference Price, the number of Shares to which each Security relates, and to the Terms 
and Conditions to account for that diluting or concentrative effect; and 
(b) 
determine in its reasonable discretion, the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
5.2 
Correction of Share Prices:

--- Page 76 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
76 
 
If any price published on the Exchange and which is used by the Calculation Agent for any 
calculation or determination (the "Original Determination") under the Securities is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Value") is published by the Exchange, then the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable 
and shall determine the relevant value (the "Replacement Determination") using the Corrected 
Value. If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original 
Determination, to the extent that it determines to be necessary and practicable, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms accordingly. 
5.3 
For the purposes of Product Condition 5.1 above: 
"Potential Share Adjustment Event" means: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Share (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), or a free distribution or dividend of Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the Share of: 
(i) 
such Shares; 
(ii) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such a Share; 
(iii) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin off or other similar transaction; or 
(iv) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
a dividend per Share, or portion thereof, to be characterised as an extraordinary dividend 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of the Share that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by a Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Shares, whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed 
or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides, upon the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a 
result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Share. 
5.4 
Termination following a Share Adjustment Event:

--- Page 77 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
77 
 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of a Share Adjustment Event, the Issuer may in its reasonable 
discretion determine that the Securities shall be terminated early in accordance with 
General Condition 7. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the Securities shall not be terminated early, the Calculation 
Agent may in its reasonable discretion make adjustments to the formula and other 
provisions for determining the Cash Amount and/or the Reference Price and/or the number 
of Shares to which each Security relates and/or any other variable relevant to the 
settlement or payment terms of the Securities. Any such adjustment(s) shall be effective 
on the date determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5.5 
For the purposes of Product Condition 5.4 above: 
"Share Adjustment Event" means any of: Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, 
Insolvency and Delisting; 
"Delisting" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant its rules, the Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately listed, traded or quoted on another exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within 
the European Union, in any Member State (as defined in Product Condition 6.1 (b) (i))); 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, a Share Issuer, 
(a) all the Shares of that Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of that Share Issuer become legally prohibited 
from transferring them; 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or (substantially) all the assets of a Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable discretion; 
"Merger Event" means, any:  
(a) 
reclassification or change of the Share that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of the Shares outstanding to another entity or person,  
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding),  
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 90 % of the outstanding Shares of the 
Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its 
subsidiaries or its sub-funds with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled

--- Page 78 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
78 
 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 9 % and less 
than 90 % of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; and 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the 
amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
5.6 
Each and any of the Calculation Agent's determinations in accordance with this Product Condition 
5 shall be notified without undue delay to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
6 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AND MONETARY UNION EVENT 
6.1 
Consequences of an EMU Event: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders and on giving notice in accordance with General Condition 11, make such 
adjustment to the Terms and Conditions (and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment) as the Issuer, in its reasonable discretion, determines appropriate to account 
for such EMU Event in relation to the Securities. 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of an EMU Event, the Issuer shall be entitled to: 
(i) 
make such conversions between amounts denominated in the national currency 
units (the "National Currency Units") of the member states of the European Union 
(the "Member States") that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
EC Treaty and the euro, and the euro and the National Currency Units, in each case, 
in accordance with the conversion rates and rounding rules established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to the EC Treaty as the Issuer, in its 
reasonable discretion, considers appropriate; 
(ii) 
make all payments in respect of the Securities solely in euro as though references 
in the Securities to the relevant National Currency Units were to euro; and 
(iii) 
make such adjustments as the Issuer, in its reasonable discretion considers 
necessary to the formula for any Cash Amount and any other amount as it 
determines, in its reasonable discretion, to be appropriate. 
6.2 
EMU Event: 
"EMU Event" (European Economic and Monetary Union Event) means the occurrence of any of 
the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
the withdrawal from legal tender of any currency that, before the introduction of the euro, 
was lawful currency in one of the Member States; 
(b) 
any change in the currency of denomination of the Share into euro;

--- Page 79 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Option B: Share Certificates 
 
79 
 
(c) 
the disappearance or replacement of a relevant rate option or other price source for the 
national currency of any Member State, or the failure of the agreed sponsor (or successor 
sponsor) to publish or display a relevant rate, price, page or screen; or 
(d) 
the change by any organised market, exchange or clearance, payment or settlement 
system in the unit of account of its operating procedures to the euro. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 
March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 
1992) and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 October 1997), 
as further amended from time to time; and 
"European Economic and Monetary Union" means economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the EC Treaty.

--- Page 80 ---
Form of Final Terms 
80 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO U.K RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("U.K."). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "U.K. PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has been 
or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the U.K. may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / professional investors and eligible Counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Securities are appropriate, (iii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iv) the following channels for distribution of the 
Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering,

--- Page 81 ---
Form of Final Terms 
81 
 
selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[U.K. MiFIR product governance / professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market - Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the securities is eligible counterparties as defined in the FCA Handbook conduct of 
business sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("U.K. MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the securities (a "U.K. Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a U.K. 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook product intervention and product governance 
sourcebook (the "U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the securities (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
OR 
 
[UK MiFIR Product governance / retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Securities is i) retail clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate, (iii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iv) the following channels 
for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities. (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels]

--- Page 82 ---
Form of Final Terms 
82 
 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
 
alphabeta access products ltd 
as issuer (the "Issuer") 
(incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
Issue of [⚫][Securities] 
under the Exchange Traded Product Programme for the Issuance of Securities 
 
Total Amount of 
Securities and Title 
([ISIN] / [Short Name] 
/ [Common Code] / 
[●]) 
[Index] [Share] 
([ISIN] [Bloomberg 
page][●]) 
Issue Price [(indicative)] 
Initial Valuation Date 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the issue of securities 
described herein (the "Securities" or "Certificates"). The Final Terms have been prepared for the 
purpose of Art. 8 para 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Securities (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus for index and share 
linked securities dated 23 June 2023 and any supplements to this base prospectus, which together 
constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). 
The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.15] 
[If the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with an 
earlier date or if an offer of securities to the public continues after the expiration of the base prospectus 
under which it was commenced: This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating 
to the issue of securities described herein (the "Securities" or the "Certificates") for the purposes of 
Article 8 para 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Securities (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in [the base prospectus dated [16 August 2018] [16 
July 2019] [15 July 2020] [14 July 2021][13 July 2022] [and the supplement(s) dated [XX]]. This 
document must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 23 June 2023 and any 
supplement thereto, which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Complete information on the Issuer and the Securities can only 
be derived from these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [16 August 2018] [16 July 2019] [15 
 
15 All language relating to the Prospectus Regulation will be deleted in case of Securities which will neither be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market nor publicly offered.

--- Page 83 ---
Form of Final Terms 
83 
 
July 2020] [14 July 2021][13 July 2022] and any supplement thereto which are incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus.]  
[In case of public offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus under 
which the Securities specified in these Final Terms are issued expires on 22 June 2024 (the "Expiry 
Date of the Base Prospectus"). Notwithstanding the above, an offer of the Securities specified in these 
Final Terms (the "Continuously Offered Securities") to the public may continue after the Expiry Date 
of the Base Prospectus provided that a succeeding base prospectus (the "New Base Prospectus") is 
approved and published no later than the last day of validity of the Base Prospectus. The New Base 
Prospectus will be available from the offices of the Issuer at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD 
[[and][,] on the following website [https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers][⚫] (or any 
successor website) and] [on the website] of Euronext Dublin at [ https://live.euronext.com]. From the 
Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms are incorporated by reference in the New Base 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the New Base Prospectus.]  
[Insert if the Securities are for denominations lower than EUR 100,000: A summary of the issue of the 
Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Copies of the Final Terms [and] [,] the Base Prospectus [ and any supplement thereto] are available 
from the offices of the Issuer at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD [[and][,] on the following 
website [https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers][⚫] (or any successor website) and] 
[on the website] of Euronext Dublin at [https://live.euronext.com]. 
 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 84 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
84 
 
PART A 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Strike Date: 
[⚫] 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
First Trading Date: 
[⚫] 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫] 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Insert if not admitted to trading: Not 
Applicable. The Securities will not 
be admitted to trading on any 
exchange.] / [Insert if Securities are 
to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
Application [has been]/[will be] 
made for trading of the Securities 
on 
[the 
regulated 
market 
of 
Euronext Dublin] / [the regulated 
market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB] / 
[the regulated market of the Nordic 
Growth Market NGM AB] / [Nordic 
MTF of Nordic Growth Market NGM 
AB] 
/ 
[Nasdaq 
First 
North 
Stockholm of Nasdaq Stockholm 
AB (which is not a Regulated 
Market)] 
/] 
[(the 
"Securities 
Exchange")] as of [the Issue Date] 
[⚫]. 
Public offer jurisdiction(s) and public offer date: 
[The Securities are being offered 
[simultaneously] in [Sweden] [and] 
[Ireland] as of [the Issue Date]] [Not 
Applicable]. 
Offer period: 
[●][From, and including, [●] [to, and 
including, [●]] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[●] 
Reasons for the offer and admission to trading: 
[●] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Estimated total expenses:  
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
[If 
Annex 
14 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980, as amended applies to 
the 
Securities 
insert 
only 
a 
disclosure of net proceeds and total 
expenses at (ii) and (iii) above

--- Page 85 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
85 
 
where disclosure is included at (i) 
above.] 
Indication of yield:  
[●] [Not applicable] 
Consent to use the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
by 
the 
following 
intermediar[y][ies]: 
[⚫] 
(each an "Authorised Offeror")]. 
Offeror/Person asking for admission to trading: 
[Name and address of the offeror 
[LEI]] 
[Name and address of the person 
asking for admission to trading 
[LEI]] 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer: 
[⚫] (insert description of any 
interest, including conflicting ones, 
that is material to the issue/offer, if 
different from that set out in the 
General 
Description 
of 
the 
Programme and Securities section 
of the Base Prospectus entitled 
"Conflicts of Interest" and the risk 
factors relating to conflicts of 
interests in the Section "Risk 
factors" of the Base Prospectus) 
Categories of potential investors: 
[Retail investors] [and] [Institutional 
investors] 
Indication where information about the past and future 
performance of the Underlying and its volatility can be obtained: 
[Information about the past and the 
further 
performance 
of 
the 
Underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained from: [•]/[the web pages of 
the Issuer [or Sponsor of the 
Underlying as applicable] [and 
Bloomberg and Reuters pages 
under their relevant ticker, as 
specified in the Table of Terms.] [As 
indicated in the Table of Terms 
under ["Index"] ["Share"] in respect 
of the Securities with the relevant 
ISIN.] 
Status as Section 871(m) Securities:  
[Not 
applicable] 
[The 
Issuer 
believes the Securities are not 
Section 
871(m) 
Securities, 
[because the Index is a "qualified 
index" under the applicable U.S: 
Treasury 
Regulations].]. 
[The 
Issuer believes the Securities are 
Section 871(m) Securities] [and the 
Issuer [will] [will not, as of the date 
of 
issuance] 
apply 
Double 
Withholding to the Securities. There

--- Page 86 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
86 
 
can be no assurance Double 
Withholding will not apply over the 
life of the Security] For further 
information please [call [⚫]] [[visit] 
our website at [⚫]] [write to [⚫].] 
Credit rating of the Securities:  
Not Applicable  
 
Details of benchmark administrator:  
[Not Applicable] 
[[Insert each benchmark] [●] is 
administered by [insert each legal 
name of administrator], who as at 
the Issue Date, [appears][does not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation").] 
[[Insert benchmark] is administered 
by 
[insert 
legal 
name 
of 
administrator], who as at the Issue 
Date, does not appear on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained 
by 
the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [insert legal name 
of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]  
Details on Equity Securities:  
(description of the securities and the markets on which they are 
traded as well as indication of the frequency with which prices 
of the relevant securities are published ) 
Please see the Annex "EQUITY 
SECURITIES 
SELECTED 
AS 
ACQUIRED ASSETS FOR THE 
SECURITIES " after Part B of these 
Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
87 
 
 
PART B 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
Table of Terms - Index Certificates 
Total 
Amount of 
Securities 
and Title 
 ([ISIN] / 
[Short 
Name] / 
[Common 
Code] / [●]) 
Underlying 
Index 
([Bloomberg 
page] 
[●]) 
Issue 
Price 
[(indi-
cative)] 
Initial  
Valuation 
Date 
Initial 
Ratio 
Initial 
Cash 
Amount 
 [(indi-
cative)] 
Initial 
Reference 
Price 
Final 
Reference 
Price 
date for the 
determination 
of the Final 
Reference 
Price 
Initial 
Security 
Fee 
Minimum 
Security 
Fee 
Maximum 
Security 
Fee 
Dividend 
Amount 
Under-
lying 
Currency 
Bench-
mark 
Trigger 
Provisions 
Alter- 
native Pre-
nominated 
Index 
[⚫] 
[Share Index] 
[Commodity 
Index] 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[as defined 
in Product 
Condition 2 
(Cash 
amount)] 
[Valuation Date, 
as defined in 
Product 
Condition 3 
(Defini-tions)] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable –
Gross 
Dividend] 
[Applicable – 
Net Dividend] 
[Applicable- 
Gross 
Dividend for 
Index 
Components 
incorporated 
in the U.S. 
and otherwise 
Net Dividend] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 88 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
88 
 
 
Table of Terms - Share Certificates 
 
Total 
Amount of 
Securities 
and Title 
([ISIN] / 
[Short 
Name] / 
[Common 
Code] / [●]) 
Share 
([ISIN] 
[Bloomberg 
page][●]) 
Share 
Issuer 
Issue Price 
[(indicative)] 
Initial 
Valuation 
Date 
Initial 
Ratio 
Initial Cash 
Amount 
[(indicative)] 
Initial 
Refe-
rence 
Price 
Final 
Reference 
Price 
date for the 
determination 
of the Final 
Reference 
Price 
Initial 
Security 
Fee 
Minimum 
Security 
Fee 
Maximum 
Security 
Fee 
Dividend 
Amount 
Exchange 
Under-
lying 
Currency 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[as defined 
in Product 
Condition 
2 (Cash 
amount)] 
[Valuation 
Date, as 
defined in 
Product 
Condition 3 
(Definitions)] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable – 
Gross 
Dividend] 
[Applicable – 
Net 
Dividend] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 89 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
89 
 
 
 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 90 ---
Form of Final Terms 
90 
 
EQUITY SECURITIES SELECTED AS ACQUIRED ASSETS FOR THE 
SECURITIES 
[Insert]

--- Page 91 ---
Form of Final Terms 
91 
 
 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
[Insert]

--- Page 92 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
92 
 
 
[INDEX DISCLAIMER]

--- Page 93 ---
Taxation 
93 
 
TAXATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST BE AWARE OF THE FACT THAT 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE INVESTOR'S MEMBER STATE AND OF THE ISSUER'S 
COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY IMPACT THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE SECURITIES. 
With regard to certain types of Securities, neither official statements of the tax authorities nor 
court decisions exist, and it is not clear how these Securities will be treated. Furthermore, there 
is often no consistent view in legal literature about the tax treatment of instruments like the 
Securities, and it is neither intended nor possible to mention all different views in the following 
information. Where reference is made to statements of the tax authorities, it should be noted that 
the tax authorities may change their view even with retroactive effect and that the tax courts are 
not bound by circulars of the tax authorities and, therefore, may take a different view. Even if 
court decisions exist with regard to certain types of Securities, it is not certain that the same 
reasoning will apply to the Securities due to certain peculiarities of such Securities. Furthermore, 
the tax authorities may restrict the application of judgements of tax courts to the individual case 
with regard to which the judgement was rendered. As each issue of Securities may be subject 
to a different tax treatment, due to the specific terms of such issue of Securities, the following 
information only provides some very generic information on the possible tax treatment. The 
following information only describes the tax treatment of Securities in general and certain 
particularities with respect to individual types of Securities. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of 
Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of each country of 
which they are residents or may otherwise be liable to tax. 
Only these advisers will be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the 
taxation of the respective holders of the Securities. 
Jersey Taxation 
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Issuer and Securityholders (other than 
residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are understood to apply at the 
date of the Base Prospectus and is subject to changes in such taxation law and practice. It does not 
constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including 
such tax law and practice as they apply to any land or building situate in Jersey). Prospective investors 
in the Securities should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, 
selling or otherwise disposing of the Securities under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may be 
liable to taxation. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is regarded as resident for tax purposes in Jersey and on the basis that the Issuer is neither 
a financial services company nor a utility company for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 
1961, as amended, the Issuer is subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of zero %. Payments in respect 
of the Securities may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey 
income tax and Securityholders (other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax in Jersey 
in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of such Securities. 
Stamp duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue or transfer of the Securities except that stamp duty is 
payable on Jersey grants of probate and letters of administration, which will generally be required to 
transfer the Securities on the death of a Securityholder of such Securities. In the case of a grant of 
probate or letters of administration, stamp duty is levied according to the size of the estate (wherever 
situate in respect of a Securityholder domiciled in Jersey, or situate in Jersey in respect of a 
Securityholder domiciled outside Jersey) and is payable on a sliding scale at a rate of up to 0.75% of 
such estate and such duty is capped at £100,000.

--- Page 94 ---
Taxation 
94 
 
Jersey does not otherwise levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains or gifts nor are there other 
estate duties. 
U.S. Taxation 
FATCA 
U.S. legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 % on 
payments to certain non-U.S. person (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been 
satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement (an "IGA") between the United States and the non-U.S. 
person’s jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to certain 
financial institutions that are treated as paying U.S.- source interest or dividends or other U.S.-source 
"fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income. Withholding (if applicable) applies to any payment 
of amounts treated as U.S.-source interest or dividend equivalent payments (as discussed below under 
"Possible Application of 871(m) of the U.S Tax Code") on the Securities. Further, although under current 
law withholding under FATCA does not apply any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition 
(including upon retirement) of the Securities, FATCA may apply withholding on gross proceeds in the 
future to Securities treated as providing for U.S.-source interest or dividends (including dividend 
equivalent payments). Similarly, although, under current law, withholding under FATCA does not apply 
to payments of non-U.S.-source income, such withholding could apply under future U.S. Treasury 
regulations with respect to certain "foreign passthru payments." However, proposed Regulations delay 
the effective date on withholding on any such foreign passthru payments to no earlier than two years 
after issuance of final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment". If the terms of a Security 
are subject to a "significant modification", the Security generally will be treated as reissued at the time 
of the significant modification. In such a case, the Security’s issue date for purposes of any rules that 
apply to securities issued on or after a specific date will be based on the date of the modification and 
not the original issue date. The substitution of an alternative index for the index used in determining 
payments made on a Security may be treated as a significant modification. If withholding applies to the 
Securities, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts including with respect to 
amounts withheld under FATCA. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
potential application of FATCA to the Securities.  
In addition, in order to comply with its own obligations under FATCA (including an IGA), the Issuer may 
require each Securityholder to provide certifications and identifying information about itself and certain 
of its owners. The Issuer may force the sale in any reasonable manner of a Security held by a 
Securityholder that fails to provide the requested information. The amount received for a Security could 
be less than its then fair market value and the Issuer shall have no liability for any shortfall. 
Possible Application of 871(m) of the U.S Tax Code 
(a) 
Section 871(m): 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations promulgated 
thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a withholding tax of 30% (or lower treaty rate 
applicable to dividends) on certain "dividend equivalent payments" paid or deemed paid to 
non-U.S. investors in certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that 
include U.S. equities. Subject to the discussion below concerning Securities issued before 
1 January 2025, a Security linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (a 
"U.S. equity linked Security") will generally be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding 
regime if at issuance it (i) has a "delta" of 0.80 or higher with respect to the underlying U.S. 
equity or (ii) substantially replicates the economic performance of the underlying U.S. 
equity, as determined by a "substantial equivalence" test that, among other factors, takes 
into account the initial number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity needed to hedge the 
transaction fully. The tests described above are set forth in the regulations, and the 
applicable test will depend on the terms of the relevant U.S. equity linked Security. Under 
these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked Security 
does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend. The regulations 
provide for certain exceptions to the withholding requirements, in particular for instruments

--- Page 95 ---
Taxation 
95 
 
linked to certain broad-based indices (a "qualified index") that meet standards set forth in 
the regulations. 
Under a notice issued by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"), Section 871(m) will not 
apply to Securities issued before 1 January 2025, that do not have a "delta" of one with 
respect to any U.S. equity. However, if the terms of a U.S. equity linked Security are subject 
to a "significant modification", the U.S. equity linked Security will generally be treated as 
reissued at the time of the significant modification. The substitution of an alternative index 
for the index used in determining payments made on a Security may be treated as a 
significant modification. 
The calculations of "delta" are generally made at the "calculation date", which is the earlier 
of (i) the time of pricing of the Securities, i.e. when all material terms have been agreed on, 
and (ii) the issuance of the Securities. However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 
calendar days before the issuance of the Securities, the calculation date is the date of the 
issuance of the Securities. In those circumstances, information regarding the final 
determination of whether Section 871(m) withholding will be applicable may be available 
only after the issuance of the Securities. As a result, a Non-U.S. Securityholder should 
acquire such a Security only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is treated as 
subject to withholding. 
The amount of a "dividend equivalent payment" is equal to, for a "simple" contract, the 
product of (a) the per-share dividend amount, (b) the number of shares of the underlying 
U.S. equity referenced in each U.S. equity linked Security and (c) the delta, and for a 
"complex" contract, the product of (x) the per-share dividend amount and (y) the initial 
hedge. 
The dividend equivalent payment amount will be determined on the earlier of (a) the record 
date of the dividend and (b) the day prior to the ex-dividend date. Withholding will be 
imposed on the dividend equivalent payment amount generally on the later of (a) the 
determination date of the dividend equivalent payment amount and (b) the next date on 
which a payment on the U.S. equity linked Security is made to the non-U.S. investor 
(including any disposition or redemption of the Security). 
The Issuer will determine whether a U.S. equity linked Security is subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m) by performing the calculations described above. If withholding is 
required, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to the 
amounts so withheld. 
The Issuer’s determination is not binding on the "IRS", and the "IRS" may disagree with 
this determination. Section 871(m) is complex, and its application may depend on the non-
U.S. Securityholder’s particular circumstances. For example, the application of Section 
871(m) may be affected if a non-U.S. Securityholder enters into another transaction in 
connection with the acquisition of a U.S. equity linked Security. Accordingly, non-U.S. 
Securityholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Securities in their particular circumstances. 
(b) 
Double Withholding: 
Subject to the discussion below regarding the Issuer’s status as a "qualified derivatives 
dealer" (a "QDD"), where a Security (a "Section 871(m) Security") is subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m), the Issuer generally will be subject to a 30% withholding tax on the 
dividend equivalent payments it earns on the Swap Agreement (although it may not be 
subject to Double Withholding for a portion of the time the Section 871(m) Security is 
outstanding). This 30% withholding tax on the Issuer, if applicable, is referred to herein as 
"Double Withholding" and will be in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed on 
payments made to the holders of the Section 871(m) Security and will, if applicable, be 
taken into account in determining amounts to be paid on the Security. The amount of 
income that will be withheld on the Section 871(m) Securities will be computed on the gross 
amount of any dividend equivalent payment, that is, before taking into account the Section

--- Page 96 ---
Taxation 
96 
 
871(m) related withholding on payments to the Issuer. Thus, the total amount that is 
effectively withheld, if Double Withholding applies, will be 60% of any dividend equivalent 
payments. The Double Withholding likely will (and a portion of the withholding under 
Section 871(m) may) be treated as an adjustment to the amount payable on the Security 
and not as a withholding tax for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes, such as determining the 
amount of any foreign tax credit.  
Double Withholding will not apply in the case of Securities that are not section 871(m) 
Securities, regardless of whether the Issuer is subject to withholding tax on its assets. 
The Issuer currently is a QDD. In exceedingly general terms, a QDD is not subject to 
withholding tax on dividend equivalent payments (and, prior to 2023, any dividends) it 
receives in its dealer capacity to the extent the QDD is contractually required to make 
offsetting payments that reference the same dividend or dividend equivalent payment that 
it receives as a dealer. Thus, for as long as the Issuer remains a QDD, it generally (other 
than with respect to actual dividends received after 2022, of which none are expected) will 
not be subject to withholding tax on the assets it uses to hedge its obligations under Section 
871(m) Securities. If, as is expected generally to be the case while the Issuer remains a 
QDD, the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion that it is not subject to withholding 
tax on any dividends and dividend equivalent payments it receives on assets it uses to 
hedge its obligations on Section 871(m) Securities, the Issuer will not apply Double 
Withholding on Section 871(m) Securities (although withholding under Section 871(m) itself 
will continue to apply). There can be no assurance that, the Issuer will be able to maintain 
its status as a QDD. In the event the Issuer loses its QDD status, the Issuer reserves the 
right to restart Double Withholding. No Double Withholding will apply if the Issuer, at a time 
it is a QDD, without the consent of the Securityholders, substitutes another company as 
issuer, even if the Substitute is not a QDD. 
The Final Terms for each Security will indicate whether the Issuer expects the Security to 
be a Section 871(m) Security as of its issuance and, if so, whether Double Withholding 
applies. There can be no assurance, however, that the IRS will agree with the Issuer or, 
because of the 14-calendar-day rule described above, that the Issuer’s expectations will 
not change after issuance. 
Central securities depositories in Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark do not (and other Clearing 
Systems may not) provide the identifying information regarding the beneficial owners of any U.S. equity 
linked Security that is necessary for an investor to qualify under a treaty for a reduced rate of withholding 
on dividend equivalent payments, which may result in over-withholding and with respect to which the 
beneficial owner will not be able to obtain a refund. In addition, an investor likely will not be able to claim 
a foreign tax credit in the country of its residence (i) for taxes that it incurs on account of its inability to 
qualify for a reduced rate under a treaty and (ii) in respect of Double Withholding. 
Swedish Taxation 
There is no Swedish withholding tax at source (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the Securities. Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure 
payment of taxes. In the context of the Securities a preliminary tax of 30 %. will be deducted from all 
payments of interest (including any compensation deemed to constitute interest for tax purposes) in 
respect of the Securities made to any individuals or estates that are resident in Sweden for tax purposes, 
provided the paying entity is subject to reporting obligations. A preliminary tax of 30 % will also be 
deducted from any other payments in respect of the Securities not treated as capital gains, if such 
payments are paid out together with payments treated as interest. Depending on the relevant holder's 
overall tax liability for the relevant fiscal year, the preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or 
exceed the holder's overall tax liability with any balance subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant 
holder, as applicable. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. It is based on the 
laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland currently in force in Ireland as at the date

--- Page 97 ---
Taxation 
97 
 
of the Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and 
the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation 
that may be relevant to any particular Securityholder. Prospective investors in the Securities should 
consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale 
of the Securities and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 %.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source income. 
Proposed Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a directive for a common financial transactions tax (the "FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "Participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Securities should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
If an investor is in any doubt as to its tax position the investor should consult its professional 
tax adviser.

--- Page 98 ---
Subscription and Sale 
98 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and are not being, and may not be, offered, sold, 
pledged, assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons. As a condition 
for acquiring the Securities, each purchaser will be deemed to have represented that (1) it acknowledges 
that Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and are not being offered, sold, pledged, assigned 
or delivered, and may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned or delivered at any time, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons; (2) neither it nor 
any persons on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit the Securities are being acquired is a U.S. 
Person and that it is not located in the United States and was not solicited to purchase Securities while 
present in the United States; and (3) it will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Securities, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person. 
The Issuer has not offered or sold the Securities and will not offer or sell the Securities at any time 
except in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the 
Issuer, its affiliates (if any) nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
An offer or sale of Securities within the United States by any person (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Securities) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
As used herein, (i) "United States" means the United States of America (including the states and the 
District of Columbia), its territories and possessions and (ii) "U.S. Persons" includes any person or entity 
that is either a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act or a 
United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area in which the Prospectus Regulation 
applies (each, a "Relevant Member State") and each Tranche of Securities, with effect from and 
including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is applicable in that Relevant Member State (the 
"Relevant Implementation Date") an offer of Securities which are the subject of the Base Prospectus 
may not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and 
including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of such Securities to the public in that 
Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that 
the Final Terms for this Tranche of Securities contemplate such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the 
dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer having 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 99 ---
Subscription and Sale 
99 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Sweden 
No offer will be made to the public in Sweden unless it is in compliance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument), as amended or 
replaced.

--- Page 100 ---
No Ownership by U.S. Persons 
100 
 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS 
The Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. Persons at any time. Each holder 
and each beneficial owner of a Security hereby represents, as a condition to purchasing or 
owning the Security or any beneficial interest therein, that neither it nor any person for whose 
account or benefit the Securities are being purchased is located in the United States, is a U.S. 
Person or was solicited to purchase the Securities while present in the United States. Each 
holder and each beneficial owner of a Security hereby agrees not to offer, sell or deliver any of 
the Securities, at any time, directly or indirectly in the U.S. or to any U.S. Person. The term "U.S. 
Person" will have the meaning ascribed to it in the Base Prospectus. 
In the Base Prospectus references to "U.S. Persons" include any person or entity that is either 
a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act or a United 
States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

--- Page 101 ---
Important Legal Information 
101 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
1 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Securities will be offered simultaneously in Ireland and Sweden. 
In the context of any offer of Securities that is not made within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-
Exempt Offer"), the Issuer may consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in connection with a 
subsequent resale or final placement of the Securities by financial intermediaries subject to the following 
conditions, and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to 
subsequent resale or final placement of Securities by any financial intermediary which was given 
consent to use the Base Prospectus, if any. 
The use of the Base Prospectus shall be for a certain period of time (corresponding to the applicable 
offer period), or as long the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with to the Prospectus Regulation. 
The consent may be given to one or more specified financial intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms (each an "Authorised Offeror"), for subsequent reselling or final placement 
in the Member States as stated in the applicable Final Terms, which shall include Ireland and Sweden. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Authorised Offeror complying with the terms and 
conditions described in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable 
selling restrictions. The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law.  
Each Authorised Offeror, if any, and/or each person into whose possession the Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms come are required to inform 
themselves and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to 
the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to certain financial intermediaries. A withdrawal, if any, may 
require a supplement to the Base Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements 
published before such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in 
electronic form on the following website https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers and 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) or any successor thereto. 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Authorised Offeror must make certain that it complies with all 
applicable selling restrictions, laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions.  
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to one or more specified 
Authorised Offeror, any new information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the 
approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website of 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers or any successor thereto or such internet 
page as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
An Investor intending to purchase or purchasing any Securities in a Non-Exempt Offer will do 
so, and offers and sales of such Securities to an Investor by such Authorised Offeror will be 
made, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the offer in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and such Investor including arrangements in relation to price, allocations, expenses, and 
settlement. The relevant information will be provided by the Authorised Offeror at the time of 
such offer. 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-
Exempt Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant offer period, to publish 
on its website that it is using the Base Prospectus for such Non-Exempt Offer in accordance 
with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions attached thereto.

--- Page 102 ---
Important Legal Information 
102 
 
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for information contained in the Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
3 
SUPPLEMENT 
The Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Securities which is subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with 
the Final Terms.  
4 
NO INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS OUTSIDE OFFER 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in the Base Prospectus, and, if given or made, that information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus nor 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities will, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which the Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date 
upon which the Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or the balance sheet date of 
the most recent financial statements which have been incorporated into the Base Prospectus by way of 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus, or that any other information supplied from time to time is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements 
of the Issuer when evaluating any Securities or an investment therein (such financial statements shall 
not form a part of the Base Prospectus unless they have been expressly incorporated herein, including 
by way of a supplement to the Base Prospectus). 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information in respect of the Securities except if 
required by any applicable laws or regulations. 
5 
MiFID II and U.K. MiFIR Product Governance requirements 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), if any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Securities, but otherwise neither the arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled "U.K. MiFIR Product Governance", which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the securities (a "U.K. Distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a U.K. Distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "U.K. 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment

--- Page 103 ---
Important Legal Information 
103 
 
in respect of the securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
6 
PRIIPS REGULATION PROHIBITION OF SALE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ( the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
7 
U.K. PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALE TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i)a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "U.K. PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has been or will be prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the U.K. may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPS Regulation. 
8 
OFFERING AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS AND DISCLAIMERS 
Subject to the restrictions set out in the Base Prospectus, the categories of potential investors to which 
the Securities are offered are retail and institutional investors. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe those restrictions. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Securities and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any 
recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Securities. 
Each recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms will be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and of the particular 
terms of any offered Securities. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which that offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. For a description of certain restrictions on offer, sales

--- Page 104 ---
Important Legal Information 
104 
 
and deliveries of Securities and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Securities, see "Subscription and Sale" above. 
The Issuer will have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any offer in 
whole or in part. The Issuer may, in its discretion, early terminate, cancel or extend the offer. If the offer 
is cancelled by the Issuer, any subscription order received within the offer period will be deemed to be 
rejected. Offers of the Securities are also conditional upon their issue. 
9 
WEBSITES 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part 
of the Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
10 
NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
The Securities issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus and listed in the table set out in the 
Annex III to this Base Prospectus are the subject of continuous offers and will remain subject to the 
applicable Terms and Conditions as provided in the Base Prospectus dated 16 August 2018, in the Base 
Prospectus dated 16 July 2019, in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2020 and in the Base Prospectus 
dated 14 July 2021 and in the Base Prospectus dated 13 July 2022. The Base Prospectus dated 16 
August 2018, the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019, the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2020, the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 July 2021 and the Base Prospectus dated 13 July 2022 have been filed with 
Central Bank, are incorporated by reference herein and form part of this Base Prospectus. A copy of the 
documents 
may 
be 
found 
at: 
https://live.euronext.com 
as 
well 
as 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers. The final terms in relation to such Securities 
are available on the Issuer's website at https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Sweden. The appropriate code for 
each issue allocated by Euroclear Sweden will be contained in the Final Terms. Transactions will 
normally be effected for settlement not earlier than two business days after the date of the transaction. 
Method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
at the time of the issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Minimum and/or maximum amount of applicationNot applicable given the manner in which the Securities 
will be offered. 
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering of the Securities 
As individually agreed between a purchaser and the relevant Authorised Offeror. 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer are to be made public 
Not required, as the number of Securities issued per Series will be specified in the respective Final 
Terms and will not vary based on the results of any offer. 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised 
Not applicable given the manner in which the Securities will be offered. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on the following website 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers 
and 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com). The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the approval of the Base Prospectus. The approval of the Base 
Prospectus was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 26 April 
2023. 
The following documents and/or information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to 
form part of, the Base Prospectus: 
No. 
Relevant document and information incorporated by reference 
Pages 
incorporated 
by reference 
1. 
Base Prospectus for Index and Share linked Securities dated 13 July 
2022 
 
 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/en-
GB/UnitedDocumentSection/GeneralDocument/e71294f1-b1ba-4107-acda-
4913a3d36295/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Index%20and%20Share%2
0Linked%20Securities%2013-07-2022.pdf 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
45 - 80 
 
 
Part 1: General Conditions 
46 - 59 
 
 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
60 - 80 
 
 
 
Option A: Index Certificates 
60 - 70

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
Option B: Share Certificates 
71 - 80 
2. 
Base Prospectus for Index and Share linked Securities dated 14 July 
2021 
 
 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/en-
GB/UnitedDocumentSection/GeneralDocument/fdd8467d-109e-4245-a8cb-
8dbc572ec8f4/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Index%20and%20Share%2
0Linked%20Securities%2014-07-2021.PDF  
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
44 - 79 
 
 
Part 1: General Conditions 
45 - 58 
 
 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
59 - 79 
 
 
 
Option A: Index Certificates 
59 - 69 
 
 
 
Option B: Share Certificates 
70 - 79 
3. 
Base Prospectus for Index and Share linked Securities dated 15 July 
2020 
 
 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/en-
GB/UnitedDocumentSection/GeneralDocument/b0086727-7cd6-476f-a52c-
05ea7276da88/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Index%20and%20Share%2
0Linked%20Securities%2015-07-2020.PDF  
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
45 - 80 
 
 
Part 1: General Conditions 
46 - 59 
 
 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
60 - 80 
 
 
 
Option A: Index Tracker Securities 
60 - 70 
 
 
 
Option B: Share Tracker Securities 
71 - 80 
4. 
Base Prospectus for Index and Share linked Securities dated 16 July 
2019 
 
 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/en-
GB/UnitedDocumentSection/GeneralDocument/ed1e524d-bf35-4529-9f47-
6214bcec279d/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Index%20and%20Share%2
0Linked%20Securities%2016-07-2019.pdf  
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
69 - 104 
 
 
Part 1: General Conditions 
70 - 83 
 
 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
84 - 104 
 
 
 
Option A: Index Tracker Securities 
84 - 94 
 
 
 
Option B: Share Tracker Securities 
95 - 104

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
5. 
Base Prospectus for Index and Share linked Securities dated 16 August 
2018 
 
 
https://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/en-
GB/UnitedDocumentSection/GeneralDocument/32842ddc-c242-4d9f-9811-
9c3a9063a1dc/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Index%20and%20Share%2
0Linked%20Securities%2016-08-2018.pdf  
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
63 - 93 
 
 
Part 1: General Conditions 
64 - 76 
 
 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
77 - 93 
 
 
 
Option A: Index Tracker Securities 
77 - 84 
 
 
 
Option B: Share Tracker Securities 
85 - 93 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the documents from which information has been incorporated 
by reference herein which are not explicitly listed in the cross-reference list above (including any 
documents incorporated by reference in such document), are not incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus. For the purposes of Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, information contained 
in such parts is either of no relevance for an investor or covered in other parts of the Base Prospectus 
and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
For so long as the Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Securities remain outstanding, the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
from 
the 
date 
hereof 
on 
the 
following 
websitehttps://etp.morganstanley.com/SE/EN/alphabeta-trackers: 
(a) 
all of the Issuer's future published financial statements; 
(b) 
the Certificate of Incorporation and the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(c) 
Annual Reports of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022; 
(d) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus; 
(e) 
any supplement to the Base Prospectus;  
(f) 
any Final Terms (save that any Final Terms relating to a Security which is not listed will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Security and such holder must provide 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to the identity of such holder)  
(g) 
the Principal Trust Agreement and any applicable Supplemental Trust Agreement, if 
applicable;  
(h) 
all other legal agreements which the Issuer entered into with regard to the Securities that 
need to be disclosed and historical financial statements; and 
(i) 
the documents incorporated by reference into the Base Prospecuts. 
Following the publication of the Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in the Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
The Issuer 
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
approval of the Base Prospectus. The approval of the Base Prospectus was authorised by a resolution 
of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 26 April 2023. 
 
General Information 
Grant Thornton LLP, have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. Any unqualified opinions have been reported thereon. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12-month period before the date of the 
Base Prospectus, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's 
financial position or profitability. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and no significant change in 
the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 31 December 2022, the date of the latest published 
annual audited accounts of the Issuer. 
The following tables sets out the selected financial information of the Issuer. Such information is derived 
from the audited reports and accounts of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 and 2022. 
The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with such reports and accounts 
and the notes thereto.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
THE FOLLOWING TABLES SETS OUT THE SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE 
ISSUER. SUCH INFORMATION IS DERIVED FROM THE AUDITED REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS OF 
THE ISSUER AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND 31 DECEMBER 2022. 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
 
31-Dec-2022 
US$ 
31-Dec-21 
US$ 
 
Total Assets 
 
1,152,947,124 
838,516,895 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
1,152,947,124 
838,516,895 
 
 
These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of Directors on 
28 March 2023. 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
1-Jan-22 
to 
31-Dec-22 
US$ 
1-Jan-21 
to 
31-Dec-21 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income 
 
118,090,528 
24,417,263 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Expenses 
 
118,097,934 
24,465,374 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss of the year 
 
(7,406) 
(48,111) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss attributable to Equity 
Holders of the Company 
 
(7,406) 
(48,111) 
 
 
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations.

--- Page 110 ---
Annex I: Equity Securities Universe  
110 
 
ANNEX I: EQUITY SECURITIES UNIVERSE

--- Page 111 ---
Annex I - page 1 of 162 
 
Regulated Markets and Equivalent Markets 
 
EEA Markets 
 
Country 
Abbrevation used in 
the Stock Table 
MIC 
Code 
Full Name* 
Date of 
Establishment 
Standing of the market in the country 
Markets Regulatory Authority 
Exchange website 
Average Daily Trading 
volume (USD)** 
Bloomberg 
Exchange 
Ticker 
Austria 
Vienna 
WBAH 
Wiener Börse AG Amtlicher Handel (Official 
Market) 
1711 
Main securities market in Austria 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (FMA) 
https://www.wienerborse.at/ 
140,297,010 
AV 
WBGF 
Wiener Börse AG Geregelter Freiverkehr 
(Second Regulated market) 
1711 
Secondary securities market in Austria 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (FMA) 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
XBRU 
Euronext Brussels 
1801 
Main securities market in Belgium 
Financial Services and Markets Auhtority (FSMA) 
https://www.euronext.com/en 
386,713,220 
BB 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
XBUL 
Bulgarian Stock Exchange - Sofia JSC 
1914 
Main securities market in Bulgaria 
Комисията за финансов надзор / Financial Supervision 
Commission (FSC) 
https://www.bse-sofia.bg/en/ 
2,688,258 
BU 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
XZAG 
Zagreb Stock Exchange 
1991 
Main securities market in Croatia 
Croatian Financial Services Supervisory Agency (Hanfa) 
https://zse.hr/en 
1,519,333 
CZ 
Cyprus 
Nicosia 
XCYS 
Cyprus Stock Exchange 
1996 
Main securities market in Cyprus 
Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC) 
http://www.cse.com.cy/en-GB/home/ 
228,920 
CY 
Czech Republic Prague SE 
XPRA 
Prague Stock Exchange 
1871 
Main securities market in Czech Republic Česká národní banka / Czech National Bank (CNB) 
https://www.pse.cz/en 
26,751,304 
CP 
XRMZ 
RM-System 
1993 
Market for large Czech and foreign large 
caps 
Česká národní banka / Czech National Bank (CNB) 
https://www.rmsystem.cz/ 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
XCSE 
Nasdaq OMX Copenhagen A/S 
1620 
Main securities market in Denmark 
Finanstilsynet (Danish FSA) 
http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/ 
934,023,800 
DC 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
XTAL 
NASDAQ OMX Tallinn 
1920 
Main securities market in Estonia 
Finantsinsektsioon (FSA) 
https://nasdaqbaltic.com/et/?lang=et 
1,540,561 
ET 
Finland 
Helsinki 
XHEL 
Nasdaq OMX Helsinki 
1912 
Main securities market in Finland 
Finanssivalvonta / Financial Supervisory Authority (FIN- 
FSA) 
http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/ 
478,301,592 
FH 
France 
EN Paris 
XPAR 
Euronext Paris 
1724 
Main securities market in France 
Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) 
https://www.euronext.com/en 
4,898,112,441 
FP 
Germany 
Xetra 
XETA 
Frankurtuer Wertpapierbörse Xetra 
(Regulierter Markt) 
1997 
Trading venue of the Frankfurt Exchange 
with high volume 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFIN) 
https://deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-de/ 
4,387,160,324 
GR 
Greece 
Athens 
XATH 
Athens Exchange Securities Market 
1876 
Main securities market in Greece 
Ελληνική Επιτροπή Κεφαλαιαγοράς / Hellenic Capital 
Market Commission (HCMC) 
https://www.athexgroup.gr/ 
117,989,909 
GA 
Hungary 
Budapest 
XBUD 
Budapest Stock Exchange 
1864 
Main securities market in Hungary 
Magyar Nemzeti Bank (MNB) 
https://www.bse.hu/ 
23,783,216 
HB 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
XICE 
Nasdaq Iceland Main Market 
1985 
Main securities market in Iceland 
Central Bank of Iceland 
http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/ 
26,649,558 
IR 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
XDUB 
The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin 
1793 
Main securities market in Ireland 
Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin 
228,648,276 
ID 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MTAA 
Electronic Share Market 
1808 
Main equity securities market in Italy 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (Consob) 
https://www.borsaitaliana.it/homepage/homepage.en.htm 
2,227,344,208 
IM 
Latvia 
Riga 
XRIS 
Riga Stock Exchange 
1993 
Main securities market in Latvia 
Finansu un Kapitala Tirgus Komisija / Financial and Capital 
Market Commission (FKTK) 
https://nasdaqbaltic.com/lv/?lang=lv 
77,140 
LR 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
XLIT 
AB Nasdaq OMX Vilinius 
1993 
Main securities market in Lithunia 
Lietuvos Bankas( Bank of Lithuania 
https://nasdaqbaltic.com/lt/?lang=lt 
823,054 
LH 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
XLUX 
Bourse de Luxembourg 
1927 
Main securities market in Luxembourg 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) 
https://www.bourse.lu/home 
146,271 
LX 
Malta 
Valletta 
XMAL 
Malta Automated Trading System 
1992 
Main securities market in Malta 
Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA) 
https://www.borzamalta.com.mt/default.aspx 
383,353 
MV 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
XAMS 
NYSE Euronext - Euronext Amsterdam 
1602 
Main securities market in the 
Netherlands 
Autoriteit Financiele Markten (AFM) 
https://www.euronext.com/en 
2,297,150,890 
NA 
Norway 
Oslo 
XOSL 
OSLO Børs 
1819 
Main securities market in Norway 
Finanstilsynet 
https://www.euronext.com/nb/markets/oslo 
619,314,496 
NO 
Poland 
Warsaw 
XWAR 
Warsaw Stock Exchange 
1817 
Main securities market in Poland 
Komisji Nadzoru Finansowego / Polish Financial 
Supervision Authority (KNF) 
https://www.gpw.pl/ 
238,916,622 
PW 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
XLIS 
Eurolist by Eurnext 
1769 
Main securities market in Portugal 
Comissao do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (CMVN) 
https://www.euronext.com/en 
153,324,427 
PL 
Romania 
Bucharest 
XBSE 
Spot Regulated Market BVB 
1882 
Main securities market in Romania 
Autoritatea de Supraveghere Financiaria (ASF) 
http://www.bvb.ro/ 
6,977,731 
RO 
Slovakia 
Bratislava 
XBRA 
Bratislava Stock Exchange 
1991 
Main securities market in Slovakia 
Národná Banka Solvenska / National Bank of Slovakia 
(NBS) 
http://www.bsse.sk/default.aspx 
148,564 
SK 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
XLJU 
Ljubljana Stock Exchange Official Market 
1989 
Main securities market in Slovenia 
Agencija za trg Vrednostnih Papirjev / Securities Market 
Agency 
http://www.ljse.si/ 
1,305,924 
SV 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
XMAD 
Bolsa de Madrid 
1831 
Largest securities market in Spain by 
volume and capitalisation 
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CMNV) 
https://www.bolsasymercados.es/esp/Home 
1,463,084,154 
SM 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
XNGM 
Nordic Growth Market NGM AB 
2003 
Small cap market in Sweden 
Finansinspektionen (FI) 
https://www.ngm.se/ 
1,852,174,307 
SS 
XSTO 
Nasdaq OMX Stockholm AB 
1863 
Main securities market in Sweden 
Finansinspektionen (FI) 
http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/ 
 
 
Equivalent 
Markets 
Country 
Abbrevation used in 
the Stock Table 
MIC 
Code 
Full Name* 
Date of 
Establishment 
Standing of the market in the country 
Markets Regulatory Authority 
Average Daily Trading 
volume** 
Bloomberg 
Exchange 
Ticker 
United States 
New York 
NYSE 
New York Stock Exchange 
1817 
Main securities market in the USA 
Securities Exchange Commission 
https://www.nyse.com/index 
497,707,220,400 
US 
Nasdaq 
XNAS 
Nasdaq Stock Exchange 
1971 
Main securities market in the USA 
Securities Exchange Commission 
https://www.nasdaq.com/ 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SEHK 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
1891 
Main securities market in Hong Kong 
Hong Kong Securites and Futures Commission 
https://www.hkex.com.hk/ 
11,423,795,991 
HK 
Australia 
ASE 
ASX 
Australian Stock Exchange 
1987 
Main securities market in Australia 
Australian Securities and Investment Commission 
https://www.asx.com.au/ 
5,362,316,321 
AU 
 
* Publication of Price Information made 
available on Website, Bloomberg and 
Reuters. 
** Indicative Daily average trading volumes in USD based on 
last 3 months total trading volumes as of April 2023.

--- Page 112 ---
Annex I - page 2 of 162 
 
Prices for all securities in the below table are published daily during the market hours of the listing exchange as indicated in the table. 
 
Ticker 
Name 
Type of Instrument 
Market Cap in USD 
ISIN 
Sector 
Incorporation 
Governing law 
of Country 
Listing 
AAPL US Equity 
APPLE INC 
Equity Securities 
2,613,943,698,660 
US0378331005 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MSFT US Equity 
MICROSOFT CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,129,969,942,933 
US5949181045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GOOGL US Equity 
ALPHABET INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,398,079,695,000 
US02079K3059 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GOOG US Equity 
ALPHABET INC-C 
Equity Securities 
1,398,079,695,000 
US02079K1079 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMZN US Equity 
AMAZON.COM INC 
Equity Securities 
1,050,446,597,690 
US0231351067 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BRK/A US Equity 
BERKSHIRE HATH-A 
Equity Securities 
707,841,370,078 
US0846701086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRK/B US Equity 
BERKSHIRE HATH-B 
Equity Securities 
707,841,370,078 
US0846707026 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NVDA US Equity 
NVIDIA CORP 
Equity Securities 
660,922,600,000 
US67066G1040 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TSLA US Equity 
TESLA INC 
Equity Securities 
585,358,999,685 
US88160R1014 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
META US Equity 
META PLATFORMS-A 
Equity Securities 
568,202,133,702 
US30303M1027 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
V US Equity 
VISA INC-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
493,353,016,202 
US92826C8394 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MC FP Equity 
LVMH MOET HENNE 
Equity Securities 
489,570,746,970 
FR0000121014 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
UNH US Equity 
UNITEDHEALTH GRP 
Equity Securities 
477,421,562,438 
US91324P1021 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XOM US Equity 
EXXON MOBIL CORP 
Equity Securities 
471,081,108,157 
US30231G1022 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
700 HK Equity 
TENCENT 
Equity Securities 
452,806,691,730 
KYG875721634 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JNJ US Equity 
JOHNSON&JOHNSON 
Equity Securities 
431,894,840,490 
US4781601046 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JPM US Equity 
JPMORGAN CHASE 
Equity Securities 
406,681,585,224 
US46625H1005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WMT US Equity 
WALMART INC 
Equity Securities 
400,250,992,932 
US9311421039 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NOVOB DC Equity 
NOVO NORDISK-B 
Equity Securities 
387,217,416,885 
DK0060534915 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
PG US Equity 
PROCTER & GAMBLE 
Equity Securities 
356,230,758,496 
US7427181091 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LLY US Equity 
ELI LILLY & CO 
Equity Securities 
356,104,477,414 
US5324571083 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MA US Equity 
MASTERCARD INC-A 
Equity Securities 
355,016,116,938 
US57636Q1040 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVX US Equity 
CHEVRON CORP 
Equity Securities 
326,712,322,898 
US1667641005 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HD US Equity 
HOME DEPOT INC 
Equity Securities 
295,891,753,357 
US4370761029 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRK US Equity 
MERCK & CO 
Equity Securities 
292,621,469,311 
US58933Y1055 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABBV US Equity 
ABBVIE INC 
Equity Securities 
285,917,341,314 
US00287Y1091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KO US Equity 
COCA-COLA CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
272,773,564,360 
US1912161007 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ASML NA Equity 
ASML HOLDING NV 
Equity Securities 
262,625,900,623 
NL0010273215 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
ORCL US Equity 
ORACLE CORP 
Equity Securities 
258,398,049,420 
US68389X1054 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVGO US Equity 
BROADCOM INC 
Equity Securities 
258,300,886,795 
US11135F1012 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9988 HK Equity 
ALIBABA GROUP HO 
Equity Securities 
252,754,182,656 
KYG017191142 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PEP US Equity 
PEPSICO INC 
Equity Securities 
252,751,012,339 
US7134481081 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OR FP Equity 
LOREAL 
Equity Securities 
248,585,465,394 
FR0000120321 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BAC US Equity 
BANK OF AMERICA 
Equity Securities 
236,273,333,833 
US0605051046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1398 HK Equity 
ICBC-H 
Equity Securities 
233,433,894,489 
CNE1000003G1 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PFE US Equity 
PFIZER INC 
Equity Securities 
232,492,933,497 
US7170811035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RMS FP Equity 
HERMES INTL 
Equity Securities 
229,314,933,381 
FR0000052292 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TMO US Equity 
THERMO FISHER 
Equity Securities 
227,114,559,885 
US8835561023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COST US Equity 
COSTCO WHOLESALE 
Equity Securities 
217,883,298,617 
US22160K1051 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MCD US Equity 
MCDONALDS CORP 
Equity Securities 
210,964,572,803 
US5801351017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CSCO US Equity 
CISCO SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
207,002,910,441 
US17275R1023 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
941 HK Equity 
CHINA MOBILE 
Equity Securities 
194,704,664,361 
HK0941009539 
Communication Services 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CRM US Equity 
SALESFORCE INC 
Equity Securities 
194,650,000,000 
US79466L3024 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NKE US Equity 
NIKE INC -CL B 
Equity Securities 
193,583,741,375 
US6541061031 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
857 HK Equity 
PETROCHINA-H 
Equity Securities 
187,363,593,493 
CNE1000003W8 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong

--- Page 113 ---
Annex I - page 3 of 162 
 
ACN US Equity 
ACCENTURE PLC-A 
Equity Securities 
185,225,317,802 
IE00B4BNMY34 
Information Technology 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
DHR US Equity 
DANAHER CORP 
Equity Securities 
183,360,944,900 
US2358511028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DIS US Equity 
WALT DISNEY CO/T 
Equity Securities 
182,499,823,894 
US2546871060 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TMUS US Equity 
T-MOBILE US INC 
Equity Securities 
182,407,519,425 
US8725901040 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABT US Equity 
ABBOTT LABS 
Equity Securities 
180,676,890,383 
US0028241000 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LIN US Equity 
LINDE PLC 
Equity Securities 
176,514,156,819 
IE000S9YS762 
Materials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
ADBE US Equity 
ADOBE INC 
Equity Securities 
174,021,606,000 
US00724F1012 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
939 HK Equity 
CCB-H 
Equity Securities 
172,959,261,472 
CNE1000002H1 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CDI FP Equity 
CHRISTIAN DIOR 
Equity Securities 
170,880,953,557 
FR0000130403 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1288 HK Equity 
ABC-H 
Equity Securities 
165,364,802,107 
CNE100000Q43 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
UPS US Equity 
UNITED PARCEL-B 
Equity Securities 
165,229,586,021 
US9113121068 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VZ US Equity 
VERIZON COMMUNIC 
Equity Securities 
164,724,000,000 
US92343V1044 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TXN US Equity 
TEXAS INSTRUMENT 
Equity Securities 
162,396,070,265 
US8825081040 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTE FP Equity 
TOTALENERGIES SE 
Equity Securities 
162,024,742,181 
FR0000120271 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CMCSA US Equity 
COMCAST CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
160,041,498,212 
US20030N1019 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BHP AU Equity 
BHP GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
158,529,557,451 
AU000000BHP4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NEE US Equity 
NEXTERA ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
157,864,424,907 
US65339F1012 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SAP GR Equity 
SAP SE 
Equity Securities 
157,010,058,610 
DE0007164600 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PM US Equity 
PHILIP MORRIS IN 
Equity Securities 
154,407,669,809 
US7181721090 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRX NA Equity 
PROSUS NV 
Equity Securities 
153,873,634,480 
NL0013654783 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
NFLX US Equity 
NETFLIX INC 
Equity Securities 
150,807,778,757 
US64110L1061 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WFC US Equity 
WELLS FARGO & CO 
Equity Securities 
149,173,248,000 
US9497461015 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RTX US Equity 
RAYTHEON TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
148,778,996,049 
US75513E1010 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BMY US Equity 
BRISTOL-MYER SQB 
Equity Securities 
147,858,767,650 
US1101221083 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMD US Equity 
ADV MICRO DEVICE 
Equity Securities 
147,663,038,026 
US0079031078 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MS US Equity 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Equity Securities 
145,010,967,369 
US6174464486 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3988 HK Equity 
BANK OF CHINA-H 
Equity Securities 
143,517,709,206 
CNE1000001Z5 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
T US Equity 
AT&T INC 
Equity Securities 
142,569,582,450 
US00206R1023 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SAN FP Equity 
SANOFI 
Equity Securities 
141,382,226,510 
FR0000120578 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
QCOM US Equity 
QUALCOMM INC 
Equity Securities 
133,978,400,000 
US7475251036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMGN US Equity 
AMGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
133,553,852,000 
US0311621009 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INTC US Equity 
INTEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
133,014,880,170 
US4581401001 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COP US Equity 
CONOCOPHILLIPS 
Equity Securities 
132,086,061,685 
US20825C1045 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABI BB Equity 
ANHEUSER-BUSCH I 
Equity Securities 
132,033,050,775 
BE0974293251 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
HON US Equity 
HONEYWELL INTL 
Equity Securities 
130,843,746,576 
US4385161066 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3968 HK Equity 
CM BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
130,224,862,185 
CNE1000002M1 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SIE GR Equity 
SIEMENS AG-REG 
Equity Securities 
129,635,443,175 
DE0007236101 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1299 HK Equity 
AIA 
Equity Securities 
127,357,044,939 
HK0000069689 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
2318 HK Equity 
PING AN-H 
Equity Securities 
126,210,488,057 
CNE1000003X6 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LMT US Equity 
LOCKHEED MARTIN 
Equity Securities 
124,202,699,483 
US5398301094 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INTU US Equity 
INTUIT INC 
Equity Securities 
123,894,898,518 
US4612021034 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SBUX US Equity 
STARBUCKS CORP 
Equity Securities 
123,515,271,000 
US8552441094 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DTE GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM 
Equity Securities 
122,262,225,796 
DE0005557508 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AXP US Equity 
AMERICAN EXPRESS 
Equity Securities 
121,446,431,791 
US0258161092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UNP US Equity 
UNION PAC CORP 
Equity Securities 
121,153,599,362 
US9078181081 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BA US Equity 
BOEING CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
120,860,006,991 
US0970231058 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LOW US Equity 
LOWES COS INC 
Equity Securities 
120,571,308,849 
US5486611073 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2628 HK Equity 
CHINA LIFE-H 
Equity Securities 
119,779,980,323 
CNE1000002L3 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GS US Equity 
GOLDMAN SACHS GP 
Equity Securities 
117,381,659,496 
US38141G1040 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 114 ---
Annex I - page 4 of 162 
 
RIO AU Equity 
RIO TINTO LTD 
Equity Securities 
116,784,900,064 
AU000000RIO1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
IBM US Equity 
IBM 
Equity Securities 
116,236,512,994 
US4592001014 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAT US Equity 
CATERPILLAR INC 
Equity Securities 
115,496,159,203 
US1491231015 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ELV US Equity 
ELEVANCE HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
114,946,380,994 
US0367521038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DE US Equity 
DEERE & CO 
Equity Securities 
114,904,887,801 
US2441991054 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SPGI US Equity 
S&P GLOBAL INC 
Equity Securities 
114,079,802,044 
US78409V1044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CBA AU Equity 
COMMONW BK AUSTR 
Equity Securities 
113,065,392,402 
AU000000CBA7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AIR FP Equity 
AIRBUS SE 
Equity Securities 
111,497,824,552 
NL0000235190 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Paris 
SYK US Equity 
STRYKER CORP 
Equity Securities 
110,527,805,208 
US8636671013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3690 HK Equity 
MEITUAN-B 
Equity Securities 
108,212,871,359 
KYG596691041 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MDT US Equity 
MEDTRONIC PLC 
Equity Securities 
107,378,497,473 
IE00BTN1Y115 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
ITX SM Equity 
INDITEX 
Equity Securities 
107,051,943,239 
ES0148396007 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
BLK US Equity 
BLACKROCK INC 
Equity Securities 
104,301,781,165 
US09247X1019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
386 HK Equity 
SINOPEC CORP-H 
Equity Securities 
104,098,388,806 
CNE1000002Q2 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GE US Equity 
GENERAL ELECTRIC 
Equity Securities 
104,056,602,839 
US3696043013 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GILD US Equity 
GILEAD SCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
103,651,732,399 
US3755581036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BX US Equity 
BLACKSTONE INC 
Equity Securities 
102,598,466,068 
US09260D1072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BKNG US Equity 
BOOKING HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
99,762,917,678 
US09857L1089 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1211 HK Equity 
BYD CO LTD-H 
Equity Securities 
98,269,981,530 
CNE100000296 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CSL AU Equity 
CSL LTD 
Equity Securities 
97,761,202,446 
AU000000CSL8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALV GR Equity 
ALLIANZ SE-REG 
Equity Securities 
97,136,347,325 
DE0008404005 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
C US Equity 
CITIGROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
96,483,408,000 
US1729674242 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVS US Equity 
CVS HEALTH CORP 
Equity Securities 
95,603,225,404 
US1266501006 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMAT US Equity 
APPLIED MATERIAL 
Equity Securities 
95,413,870,408 
US0382221051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADI US Equity 
ANALOG DEVICES 
Equity Securities 
95,358,254,586 
US0326541051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SU FP Equity 
SCHNEIDER ELECTR 
Equity Securities 
95,267,513,116 
FR0000121972 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MDLZ US Equity 
MONDELEZ INTER-A 
Equity Securities 
95,161,783,183 
US6092071058 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NOW US Equity 
SERVICENOW INC 
Equity Securities 
94,337,779,892 
US81762P1021 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SCHW US Equity 
SCHWAB (CHARLES) 
Equity Securities 
93,535,706,995 
US8085131055 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ISRG US Equity 
INTUITIVE SURGIC 
Equity Securities 
93,525,626,009 
US46120E6023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AI FP Equity 
AIR LIQUIDE SA 
Equity Securities 
91,927,986,050 
FR0000120073 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EL US Equity 
ESTEE LAUDER 
Equity Securities 
90,737,502,494 
US5184391044 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REGN US Equity 
REGENERON PHARM 
Equity Securities 
90,666,943,454 
US75886F1075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EQNR NO Equity 
EQUINOR ASA 
Equity Securities 
89,836,601,344 
NO0010096985 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ADP US Equity 
AUTOMATIC DATA 
Equity Securities 
89,375,627,609 
US0530151036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TJX US Equity 
TJX COS INC 
Equity Securities 
88,966,796,324 
US8725401090 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
728 HK Equity 
CHINA TELECOM-H 
Equity Securities 
87,481,140,871 
CNE1000002V2 
Communication Services 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PYPL US Equity 
PAYPAL HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
85,928,343,792 
US70450Y1038 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRTX US Equity 
VERTEX PHARM 
Equity Securities 
85,911,207,683 
US92532F1003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MMC US Equity 
MARSH & MCLENNAN 
Equity Securities 
85,734,726,671 
US5717481023 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EL FP Equity 
ESSILORLUXOTTICA 
Equity Securities 
85,471,945,679 
FR0000121667 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MBG GR Equity 
MERCEDES-BENZ GR 
Equity Securities 
82,881,127,709 
DE0007100000 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
883 HK Equity 
CNOOC 
Equity Securities 
82,577,031,380 
HK0883013259 
Energy 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CB US Equity 
CHUBB LTD 
Equity Securities 
81,081,794,222 
CH0044328745 
Financials 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
ZTS US Equity 
ZOETIS INC 
Equity Securities 
80,830,268,761 
US98978V1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IBE SM Equity 
IBERDROLA SA 
Equity Securities 
80,800,657,278 
ES0144580Y14 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
1088 HK Equity 
CHINA SHENHUA-H 
Equity Securities 
80,717,222,346 
CNE1000002R0 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BNP FP Equity 
BNP PARIBAS 
Equity Securities 
80,533,138,243 
FR0000131104 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
VOW GR Equity 
VOLKSWAGEN AG 
Equity Securities 
80,485,452,689 
DE0007664005 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra

--- Page 115 ---
Annex I - page 5 of 162 
 
MO US Equity 
ALTRIA GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
80,430,139,070 
US02209S1033 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PGR US Equity 
PROGRESSIVE CORP 
Equity Securities 
79,522,031,961 
US7433151039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRK GR Equity 
MERCK KGAA 
Equity Securities 
79,426,056,744 
DE0006599905 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SO US Equity 
SOUTHERN CO 
Equity Securities 
78,523,559,029 
US8425871071 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KER FP Equity 
KERING 
Equity Securities 
78,439,093,817 
FR0000121485 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CI US Equity 
THE CIGNA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
76,961,122,305 
US1255231003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HCA US Equity 
HCA HEALTHCARE I 
Equity Securities 
75,787,542,450 
US40412C1018 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DUK US Equity 
DUKE ENERGY CORP 
Equity Securities 
75,246,091,420 
US26441C2044 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BMW GR Equity 
BMW AG 
Equity Securities 
75,162,135,879 
DE0005190003 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SLB US Equity 
SCHLUMBERGER LTD 
Equity Securities 
74,920,535,274 
AN8068571086 
Energy 
Curaçao 
Curaçao 
New York 
BSX US Equity 
BOSTON SCIENTIFC 
Equity Securities 
74,410,471,802 
US1011371077 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TGT US Equity 
TARGET CORP 
Equity Securities 
74,118,602,551 
US87612E1064 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABNB US Equity 
AIRBNB INC-A 
Equity Securities 
73,436,591,837 
US0090661010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BDX US Equity 
BECTON DICKINSON 
Equity Securities 
72,536,869,531 
US0758871091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CS FP Equity 
AXA 
Equity Securities 
72,314,644,155 
FR0000120628 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1658 HK Equity 
POSTAL SAVINGS-H 
Equity Securities 
72,236,737,497 
CNE1000029W3 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FISV US Equity 
FISERV INC 
Equity Securities 
72,029,818,455 
US3377381088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NOC US Equity 
NORTHROP GRUMMAN 
Equity Securities 
71,852,904,190 
US6668071029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EOG US Equity 
EOG RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
71,473,069,671 
US26875P1012 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DG FP Equity 
VINCI SA 
Equity Securities 
70,589,486,235 
FR0000125486 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ITW US Equity 
ILLINOIS TOOL WO 
Equity Securities 
70,511,220,784 
US4523081093 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MU US Equity 
MICRON TECH 
Equity Securities 
68,541,918,391 
US5951121038 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CME US Equity 
CME GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
68,523,823,020 
US12572Q1058 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LRCX US Equity 
LAM RESEARCH 
Equity Securities 
67,581,450,916 
US5128071082 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WM US Equity 
WASTE MANAGEMENT 
Equity Securities 
67,238,618,821 
US94106L1098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATVI US Equity 
ACTIVISION BLIZZ 
Equity Securities 
66,875,054,724 
US00507V1098 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SHL GR Equity 
SIEMENS HEALTHIN 
Equity Securities 
66,873,522,631 
DE000SHL1006 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AON US Equity 
AON PLC-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
66,564,599,138 
IE00BLP1HW54 
Financials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
BAYN GR Equity 
BAYER AG-REG 
Equity Securities 
66,149,931,572 
DE000BAY0017 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SAF FP Equity 
SAFRAN SA 
Equity Securities 
65,674,258,039 
FR0000073272 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HUM US Equity 
HUMANA INC 
Equity Securities 
65,465,581,961 
US4448591028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SAN SM Equity 
BANCO SANTANDER 
Equity Securities 
65,453,841,635 
ES0113900J37 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
MELI US Equity 
MERCADOLIBRE INC 
Equity Securities 
65,429,560,872 
US58733R1023 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENEL IM Equity 
ENEL SPA 
Equity Securities 
65,126,694,912 
IT0003128367 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ETN US Equity 
EATON CORP PLC 
Equity Securities 
64,404,360,000 
IE00B8KQN827 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
HEIA NA Equity 
HEINEKEN NV 
Equity Securities 
64,313,122,959 
NL0000009165 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
INVEB SS Equity 
INVESTOR AB-B 
Equity Securities 
63,564,380,069 
SE0015811963 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
APD US Equity 
AIR PRODS & CHEM 
Equity Securities 
63,562,332,785 
US0091581068 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INVEA SS Equity 
INVESTOR AB-A 
Equity Securities 
63,555,552,001 
SE0015811955 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
UBER US Equity 
UBER TECHNOLOGIE 
Equity Securities 
63,271,877,869 
US90353T1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CL US Equity 
COLGATE-PALMOLIV 
Equity Securities 
62,901,283,603 
US1941621039 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLAG GR Equity 
HAPAG-LLOYD AG 
Equity Securities 
62,767,091,675 
DE000HLAG475 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GD US Equity 
GENERAL DYNAMICS 
Equity Securities 
62,549,568,956 
US3695501086 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9633 HK Equity 
NONGFU SPRING -H 
Equity Securities 
62,465,247,899 
CNE100004272 
Consumer Staples 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CSX US Equity 
CSX CORP 
Equity Securities 
62,395,232,049 
US1264081035 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCCO US Equity 
SOUTHERN COPPER 
Equity Securities 
62,265,608,421 
US84265V1052 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FCX US Equity 
FREEPORT-MCMORAN 
Equity Securities 
61,748,739,617 
US35671D8570 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9999 HK Equity 
NETEASE INC 
Equity Securities 
61,664,512,147 
KYG6427A1022 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MRNA US Equity 
MODERNA INC 
Equity Securities 
60,590,006,731 
US60770K1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 116 ---
Annex I - page 6 of 162 
 
CHTR US Equity 
CHARTER COMMUN-A 
Equity Securities 
60,538,964,794 
US16119P1084 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NAB AU Equity 
NATL AUST BANK 
Equity Securities 
60,416,273,646 
AU000000NAB4 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
9618 HK Equity 
JD.COM INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
60,369,729,373 
KYG8208B1014 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PANW US Equity 
PALO ALTO NETWOR 
Equity Securities 
60,352,127,952 
US6974351057 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ICE US Equity 
INTERCONTINENTAL 
Equity Securities 
60,174,945,459 
US45866F1049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATCOA SS Equity 
ATLAS COPCO-A 
Equity Securities 
59,894,571,400 
SE0017486889 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ATCOB SS Equity 
ATLAS COPCO-B 
Equity Securities 
59,891,665,309 
SE0017486897 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RI FP Equity 
PERNOD RICARD SA 
Equity Securities 
59,672,197,558 
FR0000120693 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
STLA US Equity 
STELLANTIS NV 
Equity Securities 
59,300,492,479 
NL00150001Q9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
DPW GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE POST-RG 
Equity Securities 
58,683,044,021 
DE0005552004 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CDNS US Equity 
CADENCE DESIGN 
Equity Securities 
58,559,277,000 
US1273871087 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MMM US Equity 
3M CO 
Equity Securities 
58,328,863,226 
US88579Y1010 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SHW US Equity 
SHERWIN-WILLIAMS 
Equity Securities 
58,317,500,708 
US8243481061 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SNPS US Equity 
SYNOPSYS INC 
Equity Securities 
58,130,504,077 
US8716071076 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FDX US Equity 
FEDEX CORP 
Equity Securities 
57,984,378,347 
US31428X1063 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OXY US Equity 
OCCIDENTAL PETE 
Equity Securities 
57,910,464,098 
US6745991058 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MPC US Equity 
MARATHON PETROLE 
Equity Securities 
57,755,801,461 
US56585A1025 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
388 HK Equity 
HKEX 
Equity Securities 
56,399,273,465 
HK0388045442 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
DSY FP Equity 
DASSAULT SYSTEME 
Equity Securities 
55,593,769,797 
FR0014003TT8 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MCO US Equity 
MOODYS CORP 
Equity Securities 
55,385,024,000 
US6153691059 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MNST US Equity 
MONSTER BEVERAGE 
Equity Securities 
55,011,373,592 
US61174X1090 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ORLY US Equity 
OREILLY AUTOMOT 
Equity Securities 
54,934,583,389 
US67103H1077 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3328 HK Equity 
BANKCOMM-H 
Equity Securities 
54,318,750,289 
CNE100000205 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PXD US Equity 
PIONEER NATURAL 
Equity Securities 
54,050,955,190 
US7237871071 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VMW US Equity 
VMWARE INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
53,946,057,290 
US9285634021 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1880 HK Equity 
CHINA TOURISM -H 
Equity Securities 
53,933,700,953 
CNE100004YZ4 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
USB US Equity 
US BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
53,543,261,224 
US9029733048 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FTNT US Equity 
FORTINET INC 
Equity Securities 
53,371,392,292 
US34959E1091 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENI IM Equity 
ENI SPA 
Equity Securities 
53,216,206,848 
IT0003132476 
Energy 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
WBC AU Equity 
WESTPAC BANKING 
Equity Securities 
52,444,433,133 
AU000000WBC1 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EDF FP Equity 
EDF 
Equity Securities 
52,375,173,729 
FR0010242511 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HSY US Equity 
HERSHEY CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
52,360,489,916 
US4278661081 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2899 HK Equity 
ZIJIN MINING-H 
Equity Securities 
52,221,849,989 
CNE100000502 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
RACE US Equity 
FERRARI NV 
Equity Securities 
51,953,182,284 
NL0011585146 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
KLAC US Equity 
KLA CORP 
Equity Securities 
51,935,450,691 
US4824801009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAR US Equity 
MARRIOTT INTL-A 
Equity Securities 
51,923,333,664 
US5719032022 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IFX GR Equity 
INFINEON TECH 
Equity Securities 
51,920,706,159 
DE0006231004 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ISP IM Equity 
INTESA SANPAOLO 
Equity Securities 
51,853,340,672 
IT0000072618 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MUV2 GR Equity 
MUENCHENER RUE-R 
Equity Securities 
51,279,506,167 
DE0008430026 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
EW US Equity 
EDWARDS LIFE 
Equity Securities 
51,130,617,427 
US28176E1082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GIS US Equity 
GENERAL MILLS IN 
Equity Securities 
50,841,404,481 
US3703341046 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADYEN NA Equity 
ADYEN NV 
Equity Securities 
50,383,149,190 
NL0012969182 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
WDAY US Equity 
WORKDAY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
50,256,360,000 
US98138H1014 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANET US Equity 
ARISTA NETWORKS 
Equity Securities 
50,126,284,822 
US0404131064 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
F US Equity 
FORD MOTOR CO 
Equity Securities 
50,079,500,702 
US3453708600 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MCK US Equity 
MCKESSON CORP 
Equity Securities 
49,572,000,174 
US58155Q1031 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KDP US Equity 
KEURIG DR PEPPER 
Equity Securities 
49,366,295,000 
US49271V1008 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EMR US Equity 
EMERSON ELEC CO 
Equity Securities 
49,346,104,000 
US2910111044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BAS GR Equity 
BASF SE 
Equity Securities 
49,031,565,612 
DE000BASF111 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra

--- Page 117 ---
Annex I - page 7 of 162 
 
PSX US Equity 
PHILLIPS 66 
Equity Securities 
48,976,592,640 
US7185461040 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ANZ AU Equity 
ANZ GROUP HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
48,818,508,290 
AU000000ANZ3 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MSI US Equity 
MOTOROLA SOLUTIO 
Equity Securities 
48,809,939,689 
US6200763075 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PNC US Equity 
PNC FINANCIAL SE 
Equity Securities 
48,618,150,000 
US6934751057 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AZO US Equity 
AUTOZONE INC 
Equity Securities 
48,539,033,056 
US0533321024 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VLO US Equity 
VALERO ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
48,503,401,652 
US91913Y1001 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
D US Equity 
DOMINION ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
48,386,073,920 
US25746U1097 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SRE US Equity 
SEMPRA ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
48,150,943,520 
US8168511090 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GM US Equity 
GENERAL MOTORS C 
Equity Securities 
48,101,037,925 
US37045V1008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INGA NA Equity 
ING GROEP NV 
Equity Securities 
48,058,292,803 
NL0011821202 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
CMG US Equity 
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN 
Equity Securities 
48,015,056,640 
US1696561059 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KHC US Equity 
KRAFT HEINZ CO/T 
Equity Securities 
47,975,658,007 
US5007541064 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AEP US Equity 
AMERICAN ELECTRI 
Equity Securities 
47,582,641,858 
US0255371017 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NSC US Equity 
NORFOLK SOUTHERN 
Equity Securities 
47,253,323,507 
US6558441084 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MET US Equity 
METLIFE INC 
Equity Securities 
46,941,830,017 
US59156R1086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MQG AU Equity 
MACQUARIE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
46,887,021,961 
AU000000MQG1 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LULU US Equity 
LULULEMON ATH 
Equity Securities 
46,860,435,579 
US5500211090 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ECL US Equity 
ECOLAB INC 
Equity Securities 
46,791,125,386 
US2788651006 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9888 HK Equity 
BAIDU INC-A 
Equity Securities 
46,779,823,030 
KYG070341048 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ROP US Equity 
ROPER TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
46,737,479,105 
US7766961061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DG US Equity 
DOLLAR GENERAL C 
Equity Securities 
46,720,500,551 
US2566771059 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CTAS US Equity 
CINTAS CORP 
Equity Securities 
46,641,464,332 
US1729081059 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FMG AU Equity 
FORTESCUE METALS 
Equity Securities 
46,533,056,291 
AU000000FMG4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
APH US Equity 
AMPHENOL CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
46,462,396,724 
US0320951017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KMB US Equity 
KIMBERLY-CLARK 
Equity Securities 
46,342,524,037 
US4943681035 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
STMPA FP Equity 
STMICROELECTRONI 
Equity Securities 
46,213,567,218 
NL0000226223 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Paris 
SNOW US Equity 
SNOWFLAKE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
46,192,250,000 
US8334451098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HES US Equity 
HESS CORP 
Equity Securities 
45,729,045,113 
US42809H1077 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BBVA SM Equity 
BBVA 
Equity Securities 
45,234,744,997 
ES0113211835 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
NXPI US Equity 
NXP SEMICONDUCTO 
Equity Securities 
44,765,379,300 
NL0009538784 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
DXCM US Equity 
DEXCOM 
Equity Securities 
44,708,063,933 
US2521311074 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KKR US Equity 
KKR & CO INC 
Equity Securities 
44,700,115,501 
US48251W1045 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADM US Equity 
ARCHER-DANIELS 
Equity Securities 
44,693,750,045 
US0394831020 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6030 HK Equity 
CITIC SEC-H 
Equity Securities 
44,555,414,800 
CNE1000016V2 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LVS US Equity 
LAS VEGAS SANDS 
Equity Securities 
44,518,923,861 
US5178341070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WDS AU Equity 
WOODSIDE ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
44,274,519,866 
AU0000224040 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CTVA US Equity 
CORTEVA INC 
Equity Securities 
44,274,174,807 
US22052L1044 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TFC US Equity 
TRUIST FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
44,160,657,693 
US89832Q1094 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BN FP Equity 
DANONE 
Equity Securities 
44,035,144,718 
FR0000120644 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MCHP US Equity 
MICROCHIP TECH 
Equity Securities 
43,566,207,688 
US5950171042 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RSG US Equity 
REPUBLIC SVCS 
Equity Securities 
43,442,379,898 
US7607591002 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MSCI US Equity 
MSCI INC 
Equity Securities 
43,236,432,691 
US55354G1004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AJG US Equity 
ARTHUR J GALLAGH 
Equity Securities 
42,911,360,009 
US3635761097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TEAM US Equity 
ATLASSIAN CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
42,423,247,032 
US0494681010 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VOLVA SS Equity 
VOLVO AB-A 
Equity Securities 
42,272,381,299 
SE0000115420 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
VOLVB SS Equity 
VOLVO AB-B 
Equity Securities 
42,260,175,961 
SE0000115446 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
STZ US Equity 
CONSTELLATION-A 
Equity Securities 
42,120,052,820 
US21036P1084 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UMG NA Equity 
UNIVERSAL MUSIC 
Equity Securities 
41,899,461,433 
NL0015000IY2 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
EXC US Equity 
EXELON CORP 
Equity Securities 
41,889,816,786 
US30161N1019 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 118 ---
Annex I - page 8 of 162 
 
ADSK US Equity 
AUTODESK INC 
Equity Securities 
41,809,600,771 
US0527691069 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BIIB US Equity 
BIOGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
41,630,649,182 
US09062X1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DSV DC Equity 
DSV A/S 
Equity Securities 
41,433,567,011 
DK0060079531 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
UCG IM Equity 
UNICREDIT SPA 
Equity Securities 
41,371,860,992 
IT0005239360 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1876 HK Equity 
BUDWEISER BREWIN 
Equity Securities 
41,165,237,621 
KYG1674K1013 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
A US Equity 
AGILENT TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
41,161,697,938 
US00846U1016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TDG US Equity 
TRANSDIGM GROUP 
Equity Securities 
41,048,462,457 
US8936411003 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PH US Equity 
PARKER HANNIFIN 
Equity Securities 
40,930,972,833 
US7010941042 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NDA SS Equity 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Equity Securities 
40,906,912,309 
FI4000297767 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Stockholm 
ENGI FP Equity 
ENGIE 
Equity Securities 
40,683,390,128 
FR0010208488 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AFL US Equity 
AFLAC INC 
Equity Securities 
40,501,212,568 
US0010551028 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1810 HK Equity 
XIAOMI CORP-B 
Equity Securities 
40,420,262,575 
KYG9830T1067 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
16 HK Equity 
SHK PPT 
Equity Securities 
40,384,867,490 
HK0016000132 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
TT US Equity 
TRANE TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
40,083,495,381 
IE00BK9ZQ967 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
KMI US Equity 
KINDER MORGAN IN 
Equity Securities 
40,037,291,108 
US49456B1017 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IDXX US Equity 
IDEXX LABS 
Equity Securities 
40,033,558,817 
US45168D1046 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DOW US Equity 
DOW INC 
Equity Securities 
40,001,362,059 
US2605571031 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TEL US Equity 
TE CONNECTIVITY 
Equity Securities 
39,848,217,087 
CH0102993182 
Information Technology 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
WES AU Equity 
WESFARMERS LTD 
Equity Securities 
39,677,625,864 
AU000000WES1 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
JCI US Equity 
JOHNSON CONTROLS 
Equity Securities 
39,507,949,475 
IE00BY7QL619 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
NEM US Equity 
NEWMONT CORP 
Equity Securities 
39,344,060,920 
US6516391066 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PAYX US Equity 
PAYCHEX INC 
Equity Securities 
38,906,118,330 
US7043261079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRV US Equity 
TRAVELERS COS IN 
Equity Securities 
38,888,995,904 
US89417E1091 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XEL US Equity 
XCEL ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
38,592,584,547 
US98389B1008 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SQ US Equity 
BLOCK INC 
Equity Securities 
38,553,750,483 
US8522341036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NESTE FH Equity 
NESTE OYJ 
Equity Securities 
38,456,140,043 
FI0009013296 
Energy 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
SGEN US Equity 
SEAGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
38,451,840,074 
US81181C1045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HLT US Equity 
HILTON WORLDWIDE 
Equity Securities 
38,357,018,307 
US43300A2033 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORSTED DC Equity 
ORSTED A/S 
Equity Securities 
38,105,913,788 
DK0060094928 
Utilities 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
LHX US Equity 
L3HARRIS TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
38,088,183,830 
US5024311095 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PCAR US Equity 
PACCAR INC 
Equity Securities 
38,000,197,927 
US6937181088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DB1 GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE BOERSE 
Equity Securities 
37,843,139,341 
DE0005810055 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
YUM US Equity 
YUM! BRANDS INC 
Equity Securities 
37,780,948,561 
US9884981013 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AIG US Equity 
AMERICAN INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
37,739,878,576 
US0268747849 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2020 HK Equity 
ANTA SPORTS PROD 
Equity Securities 
37,714,662,934 
KYG040111059 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
998 HK Equity 
CITIC BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
37,659,806,002 
CNE1000001Q4 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CNC US Equity 
CENTENE CORP 
Equity Securities 
37,486,179,155 
US15135B1017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BK US Equity 
BANK NY MELLON 
Equity Securities 
37,479,510,200 
US0640581007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GEHC US Equity 
GE HEALTHCARE TE 
Equity Securities 
37,446,096,709 
US36266G1076 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SYY US Equity 
SYSCO CORP 
Equity Securities 
37,298,743,316 
US8718291078 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IQV US Equity 
IQVIA HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
37,293,391,023 
US46266C1053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ODFL US Equity 
OLD DOMINION FRT 
Equity Securities 
37,262,651,048 
US6795801009 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LNG US Equity 
CHENIERE ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
37,237,968,602 
US16411R2085 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MAERSKA DC Equity 
AP MOLLER-A 
Equity Securities 
37,190,103,246 
DK0010244425 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
MAERSKB DC Equity 
AP MOLLER-B 
Equity Securities 
37,190,103,246 
DK0010244508 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
APO US Equity 
APOLLO GLOBAL MA 
Equity Securities 
37,098,111,809 
US03769M1062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WMB US Equity 
WILLIAMS COS INC 
Equity Securities 
37,039,690,450 
US9694571004 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CARR US Equity 
CARRIER GLOB 
Equity Securities 
36,988,351,406 
US14448C1045 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
981 HK Equity 
SMIC 
Equity Securities 
36,832,141,491 
KYG8020E1199 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 119 ---
Annex I - page 9 of 162 
 
NUE US Equity 
NUCOR CORP 
Equity Securities 
36,829,539,835 
US6703461052 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COF US Equity 
CAPITAL ONE FINA 
Equity Securities 
36,804,681,579 
US14040H1059 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2601 HK Equity 
CHINA PACIFIC-H 
Equity Securities 
36,784,339,065 
CNE1000009Q7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CRH ID Equity 
CRH PLC 
Equity Securities 
36,763,612,353 
IE0001827041 
Materials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
CPRT US Equity 
COPART INC 
Equity Securities 
36,754,814,834 
US2172041061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UN01 GR Equity 
UNIPER SE 
Equity Securities 
36,633,168,887 
DE000UNSE018 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ACA FP Equity 
CREDIT AGRICOLE 
Equity Securities 
36,523,581,061 
FR0000045072 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2359 HK Equity 
WUAPPTEC CO LT-H 
Equity Securities 
36,485,237,476 
CNE100003F19 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DVN US Equity 
DEVON ENERGY CO 
Equity Securities 
36,427,800,000 
US25179M1036 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GFS US Equity 
GLOBALFOUNDRIES 
Equity Securities 
36,069,665,828 
KYG393871085 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ILMN US Equity 
ILLUMINA INC 
Equity Securities 
36,025,580,000 
US4523271090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
267 HK Equity 
CITIC 
Equity Securities 
36,020,504,859 
HK0267001375 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1109 HK Equity 
CHINA RES LAND 
Equity Securities 
35,882,256,037 
KYG2108Y1052 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ROST US Equity 
ROSS STORES INC 
Equity Securities 
35,778,614,619 
US7782961038 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IBKR US Equity 
INTERACTIVE BROK 
Equity Securities 
35,183,598,861 
US45841N1072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EA US Equity 
ELECTRONIC ARTS 
Equity Securities 
35,065,482,701 
US2855121099 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTD US Equity 
METTLER-TOLEDO 
Equity Securities 
34,803,393,733 
US5926881054 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRVL US Equity 
MARVELL TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
34,524,501,000 
US5738741041 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HEN GR Equity 
HENKEL AG & CO K 
Equity Securities 
34,504,131,153 
DE0006048408 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
2388 HK Equity 
BOC HONG KONG HO 
Equity Securities 
34,210,451,938 
HK2388011192 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
EOAN GR Equity 
E.ON SE 
Equity Securities 
34,065,443,874 
DE000ENAG999 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FIS US Equity 
FIDELITY NATIONA 
Equity Securities 
34,011,525,024 
US31620M1062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABC US Equity 
AMERISOURCEBERGE 
Equity Securities 
33,803,410,960 
US03073E1055 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DHI US Equity 
DR HORTON INC 
Equity Securities 
33,738,396,539 
US23331A1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PCG US Equity 
PG&E CORP 
Equity Securities 
33,708,397,362 
US69331C1080 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WKL NA Equity 
WOLTERS KLUWER 
Equity Securities 
33,651,070,112 
NL0000395903 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
ON US Equity 
ON SEMICONDUCTOR 
Equity Securities 
33,628,202,912 
US6821891057 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OTIS US Equity 
OTIS WORLDWI 
Equity Securities 
33,580,106,434 
US68902V1070 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WBD US Equity 
WARNER BROS DISC 
Equity Securities 
33,562,567,917 
US9344231041 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BEI GR Equity 
BEIERSDORF AG 
Equity Securities 
33,498,245,353 
DE0005200000 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ED US Equity 
CONS EDISON INC 
Equity Securities 
33,493,611,628 
US2091151041 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KR US Equity 
KROGER CO 
Equity Securities 
33,469,860,368 
US5010441013 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MBLY US Equity 
MOBILEYE GLOBA-A 
Equity Securities 
33,423,688,200 
US60741F1049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RWE GR Equity 
RWE AG 
Equity Securities 
33,281,481,727 
DE0007037129 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TLS AU Equity 
TELSTRA GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
33,125,133,999 
AU000000TLS2 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ORA FP Equity 
ORANGE 
Equity Securities 
33,067,021,368 
FR0000133308 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CMI US Equity 
CUMMINS INC 
Equity Securities 
33,065,096,559 
US2310211063 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RMD US Equity 
RESMED INC 
Equity Securities 
32,989,977,783 
US7611521078 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AD NA Equity 
KONINKLIJKE AHOL 
Equity Securities 
32,939,216,736 
NL0011794037 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
HO FP Equity 
THALES SA 
Equity Securities 
32,773,672,518 
FR0000121329 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GWW US Equity 
WW GRAINGER INC 
Equity Securities 
32,726,549,853 
US3848021040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DLTR US Equity 
DOLLAR TREE INC 
Equity Securities 
32,719,556,716 
US2567461080 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADS GR Equity 
ADIDAS AG 
Equity Securities 
32,667,023,384 
DE000A1EWWW0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
G IM Equity 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI 
Equity Securities 
32,651,073,536 
IT0000062072 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PPG US Equity 
PPG INDS INC 
Equity Securities 
32,578,252,007 
US6935061076 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMP US Equity 
AMERIPRISE FINAN 
Equity Securities 
32,535,886,539 
US03076C1062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DD US Equity 
DUPONT DE NEMOUR 
Equity Securities 
32,342,274,829 
US26614N1028 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WOW AU Equity 
WOOLWORTHS GROUP 
Equity Securities 
32,148,503,600 
AU000000WOW2 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CRWD US Equity 
CROWDSTRIKE HO-A 
Equity Securities 
32,023,253,243 
US22788C1053 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 120 ---
Annex I - page 10 of 162 
 
CAP FP Equity 
CAPGEMINI SE 
Equity Securities 
32,015,679,010 
FR0000125338 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AME US Equity 
AMETEK INC 
Equity Securities 
31,833,478,614 
US0311001004 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ROK US Equity 
ROCKWELL AUTOMAT 
Equity Securities 
31,829,172,553 
US7739031091 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PEG US Equity 
PUB SERV ENTERP 
Equity Securities 
31,671,889,285 
US7445731067 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DELL US Equity 
DELL TECHN-C 
Equity Securities 
31,646,546,038 
US24703L2025 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LYB US Equity 
LYONDELLBASELL-A 
Equity Securities 
31,521,634,007 
NL0009434992 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
PRU US Equity 
PRUDENTL FINL 
Equity Securities 
31,405,647,158 
US7443201022 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1339 HK Equity 
PICC GROUP-H 
Equity Securities 
31,234,812,987 
CNE100001MK7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HEXAB SS Equity 
HEXAGON AB-B 
Equity Securities 
31,173,993,110 
SE0015961909 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
27 HK Equity 
GALAXY ENTERTAIN 
Equity Securities 
31,112,457,133 
HK0027032686 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
6690 HK Equity 
HAIER SMART H-H 
Equity Securities 
31,023,605,748 
CNE1000048K8 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
690D GR Equity 
HAIER SMART-D 
Equity Securities 
31,022,390,525 
CNE1000031C1 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Xetra 
66 HK Equity 
MTR CORP 
Equity Securities 
30,892,187,645 
HK0066009694 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CTSH US Equity 
COGNIZANT TECH-A 
Equity Securities 
30,578,048,865 
US1924461023 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WEC US Equity 
WEC ENERGY GROUP 
Equity Securities 
30,546,679,982 
US92939U1060 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMS SM Equity 
AMADEUS IT GROUP 
Equity Securities 
30,502,043,142 
ES0109067019 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
WBA US Equity 
WALGREENS BOOTS 
Equity Securities 
30,473,944,830 
US9314271084 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FAST US Equity 
FASTENAL CO 
Equity Securities 
30,418,470,960 
US3119001044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1024 HK Equity 
KUAISHOU TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
30,390,928,819 
KYG532631028 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HAL US Equity 
HALLIBURTON CO 
Equity Securities 
30,363,829,917 
US4062161017 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
688 HK Equity 
CHINA OVERSEAS 
Equity Securities 
30,325,382,985 
HK0688002218 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BF/A US Equity 
BROWN-FORMAN -A 
Equity Securities 
30,264,432,706 
US1156371007 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BF/B US Equity 
BROWN-FORMAN -B 
Equity Securities 
30,264,432,706 
US1156372096 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KBC BB Equity 
KBC GROUP 
Equity Securities 
30,183,741,792 
BE0003565737 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
CEZ CP Equity 
CEZ AS 
Equity Securities 
30,069,269,638 
CZ0005112300 
Utilities 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
VER AV Equity 
VERBUND AG 
Equity Securities 
30,043,004,834 
AT0000746409 
Utilities 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
NTGY SM Equity 
NATURGY ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
29,999,782,013 
ES0116870314 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
OKE US Equity 
ONEOK INC 
Equity Securities 
29,991,886,577 
US6826801036 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CLNX SM Equity 
CELLNEX TELECOM 
Equity Securities 
29,928,934,456 
ES0105066007 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
COLOB DC Equity 
COLOPLAST-B 
Equity Securities 
29,928,537,431 
DK0060448595 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
LEN US Equity 
LENNAR CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
29,879,383,185 
US5260571048 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LEN/B US Equity 
LENNAR CORP-B 
Equity Securities 
29,879,383,185 
US5260573028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SRT GR Equity 
SARTORIUS AG 
Equity Securities 
29,877,759,112 
DE0007165607 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DIM FP Equity 
SARTORIUS STEDIM 
Equity Securities 
29,675,899,311 
FR0013154002 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TTD US Equity 
TRADE DESK INC-A 
Equity Securities 
29,621,346,763 
US88339J1051 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SGO FP Equity 
SAINT GOBAIN 
Equity Securities 
29,520,396,204 
FR0000125007 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ALL US Equity 
ALLSTATE CORP 
Equity Securities 
29,508,874,783 
US0200021014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BKR US Equity 
BAKER HUGHES CO 
Equity Securities 
29,496,009,975 
US05722G1004 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CABK SM Equity 
CAIXABANK SA 
Equity Securities 
29,480,472,840 
ES0140609019 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
GLW US Equity 
CORNING INC 
Equity Securities 
29,466,721,448 
US2193501051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HPQ US Equity 
HP INC 
Equity Securities 
29,382,483,405 
US40434L1052 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DNB NO Equity 
DNB BANK ASA 
Equity Securities 
29,376,718,848 
NO0010161896 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1928 HK Equity 
SANDS CHINA LTD 
Equity Securities 
29,332,132,315 
KYG7800X1079 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VWS DC Equity 
VESTAS WIND SYST 
Equity Securities 
29,320,889,609 
DK0061539921 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2269 HK Equity 
WUXI BIOLOGICS C 
Equity Securities 
29,280,434,279 
KYG970081173 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2333 HK Equity 
GREAT WALL MOT-H 
Equity Securities 
29,220,307,488 
CNE100000338 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
AWK US Equity 
AMERICAN WATER W 
Equity Securities 
29,138,034,346 
US0304201033 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
390 HK Equity 
CHINA RAIL GR-H 
Equity Securities 
29,072,873,062 
CNE1000007Z2 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
KNEBV FH Equity 
KONE OYJ-B 
Equity Securities 
29,016,225,711 
FI0009013403 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki

--- Page 121 ---
Annex I - page 11 of 162 
 
APTV US Equity 
APTIV PLC 
Equity Securities 
29,010,571,424 
JE00B783TY65 
Consumer Discretionary 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
ENPH US Equity 
ENPHASE ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
28,611,263,617 
US29355A1079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VEEV US Equity 
VEEVA SYSTEMS-A 
Equity Securities 
28,595,765,984 
US9224751084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CPNG US Equity 
COUPANG INC 
Equity Securities 
28,441,124,010 
US22266T1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KEYS US Equity 
KEYSIGHT TEC 
Equity Securities 
28,423,815,280 
US49338L1035 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GPN US Equity 
GLOBAL PAYMENTS 
Equity Securities 
28,372,650,817 
US37940X1028 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6160 HK Equity 
BEIGENE LTD 
Equity Securities 
28,283,995,803 
KYG1146Y1017 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CSGP US Equity 
COSTAR GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
28,156,787,674 
US22160N1090 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EVO SS Equity 
EVOLUTION AB 
Equity Securities 
28,124,361,663 
SE0012673267 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
11 HK Equity 
HANG SENG BANK 
Equity Securities 
28,032,599,829 
HK0011000095 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
RBLX US Equity 
ROBLOX CORP - A 
Equity Securities 
27,897,208,037 
US7710491033 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NOKIA FH Equity 
NOKIA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
27,826,381,489 
FI0009000681 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ZBH US Equity 
ZIMMER BIOMET HO 
Equity Securities 
27,806,202,919 
US98956P1021 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VRSK US Equity 
VERISK ANALYTI 
Equity Securities 
27,715,448,456 
US92345Y1064 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GMAB DC Equity 
GENMAB A/S 
Equity Securities 
27,695,394,034 
DK0010272202 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
ANSS US Equity 
ANSYS INC 
Equity Securities 
27,647,157,498 
US03662Q1058 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DTG GR Equity 
DAIMLER TRUCK HO 
Equity Securities 
27,633,678,020 
DE000DTR0CK8 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HEIO NA Equity 
HEINEKEN HLDG 
Equity Securities 
27,472,784,450 
NL0000008977 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
EIX US Equity 
EDISON INTL 
Equity Securities 
27,399,953,485 
US2810201077 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CCEP US Equity 
COCA-COLA EUROPA 
Equity Securities 
27,376,407,260 
GB00BDCPN049 
Consumer Staples 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
ES US Equity 
EVERSOURCE ENERG 
Equity Securities 
27,356,897,154 
US30040W1080 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FBAVP BB Equity 
BNP PARIBAS FORT 
Equity Securities 
27,342,964,377 
BE0172505399 
N/A 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
SAND SS Equity 
SANDVIK AB 
Equity Securities 
27,156,682,679 
SE0000667891 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2015 HK Equity 
LI AUTO INC-A 
Equity Securities 
27,139,692,890 
KYG5479M1050 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WST US Equity 
WEST PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
26,980,152,167 
US9553061055 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NDAQ US Equity 
NASDAQ INC 
Equity Securities 
26,973,403,053 
US6311031081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FANG US Equity 
DIAMONDBACK ENER 
Equity Securities 
26,940,045,024 
US25278X1090 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STT US Equity 
STATE ST CORP 
Equity Securities 
26,926,768,873 
US8574771031 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ULTA US Equity 
ULTA BEAUTY INC 
Equity Securities 
26,837,306,285 
US90384S3031 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1766 HK Equity 
CRRC CORP LTD -H 
Equity Securities 
26,826,815,183 
CNE100000BG0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FERG US Equity 
FERGUSON PLC 
Equity Securities 
26,714,690,166 
JE00BJVNSS43 
Industrials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
6066 HK Equity 
CSC FINANCIAL-H 
Equity Securities 
26,708,781,542 
CNE100002B89 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MT NA Equity 
ARCELORMITTAL 
Equity Securities 
26,396,901,959 
LU1598757687 
Materials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
YUMC US Equity 
YUM CHINA HO 
Equity Securities 
26,330,192,320 
US98850P1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALGN US Equity 
ALIGN TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
26,265,461,637 
US0162551016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DFS US Equity 
DISCOVER FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
26,239,509,474 
US2547091080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
URI US Equity 
UNITED RENTALS 
Equity Securities 
26,221,393,378 
US9113631090 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2202 HK Equity 
CHINA VANKE-H 
Equity Securities 
26,207,336,169 
CNE100001SR9 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TSCO US Equity 
TRACTOR SUPPLY 
Equity Securities 
26,191,788,971 
US8923561067 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACGL US Equity 
ARCH CAPITAL GRP 
Equity Securities 
26,076,554,687 
BMG0450A1053 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
SPOT US Equity 
SPOTIFY TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
26,061,174,917 
LU1778762911 
Communication Services 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
TEF SM Equity 
TELEFONICA 
Equity Securities 
25,907,483,693 
ES0178430E18 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
EBK GR Equity 
ENBW ENERGIE BAD 
Equity Securities 
25,850,783,162 
DE0005220008 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
291 HK Equity 
CHINA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
25,747,108,515 
HK0291001490 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ASSAB SS Equity 
ASSA ABLOY AB-B 
Equity Securities 
25,639,174,917 
SE0007100581 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HZNP US Equity 
HORIZON THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
25,488,183,272 
IE00BQPVQZ61 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
TROW US Equity 
T ROWE PRICE GRP 
Equity Securities 
25,430,667,365 
US74144T1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EQT SS Equity 
EQT AB 
Equity Securities 
25,403,856,147 
SE0012853455 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1919 HK Equity 
COSCO SHIP HOL-H 
Equity Securities 
25,323,173,431 
CNE1000002J7 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong

--- Page 122 ---
Annex I - page 12 of 162 
 
ALNY US Equity 
ALNYLAM PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
25,312,791,073 
US02043Q1076 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WTW US Equity 
WILLIS TOWERS WA 
Equity Securities 
25,281,392,139 
IE00BDB6Q211 
Financials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
CDW US Equity 
CDW CORP/DE 
Equity Securities 
25,265,082,087 
US12514G1085 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6818 HK Equity 
CEB BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
25,256,160,763 
CNE100001QW3 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
762 HK Equity 
CHINA UNICOM 
Equity Securities 
25,141,455,030 
HK0000049939 
Communication Services 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
AENA SM Equity 
AENA SME SA 
Equity Securities 
25,035,614,068 
ES0105046009 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
HMB SS Equity 
HENNES & MAURI-B 
Equity Securities 
24,996,261,892 
SE0000106270 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SAMPO FH Equity 
SAMPO OYJ-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
24,971,434,361 
FI0009003305 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CEG US Equity 
CONSTELLATION EN 
Equity Securities 
24,966,924,705 
US21037T1097 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1 HK Equity 
CKH HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
24,908,121,097 
KYG217651051 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IT US Equity 
GARTNER INC 
Equity Securities 
24,894,600,154 
US3666511072 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2328 HK Equity 
PICC P&C-H 
Equity Securities 
24,679,867,450 
CNE100000593 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ARES US Equity 
ARES MANAGEM- A 
Equity Securities 
24,588,130,532 
US03990B1017 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LR FP Equity 
LEGRAND SA 
Equity Securities 
24,390,457,621 
FR0010307819 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HNR1 GR Equity 
HANNOVER RUECK S 
Equity Securities 
24,338,095,632 
DE0008402215 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1800 HK Equity 
CHINA COM CONS-H 
Equity Securities 
24,305,551,701 
CNE1000002F5 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DASH US Equity 
DOORDASH INC-A 
Equity Securities 
24,198,911,525 
US25809K1051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IFF US Equity 
INTL FLVR & FRAG 
Equity Securities 
24,144,687,278 
US4595061015 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EFX US Equity 
EQUIFAX INC 
Equity Securities 
24,086,011,185 
US2944291051 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SEBC SS Equity 
SEB AB-C 
Equity Securities 
24,084,299,855 
SE0000120784 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SEBA SS Equity 
SEB AB-A 
Equity Securities 
24,081,497,506 
SE0000148884 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EPIA SS Equity 
EPIROC AB-A 
Equity Securities 
24,018,650,180 
SE0015658109 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EPIB SS Equity 
EPIROC AB-B 
Equity Securities 
24,016,088,522 
SE0015658117 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
6618 HK Equity 
JD HEALTH INTERN 
Equity Securities 
23,940,813,080 
KYG5074A1004 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALB US Equity 
ALBEMARLE CORP 
Equity Securities 
23,929,075,968 
US0126531013 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NIBEB SS Equity 
NIBE INDUSTRIE-B 
Equity Securities 
23,913,802,916 
SE0015988019 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PWR US Equity 
QUANTA SERVICES 
Equity Securities 
23,906,966,662 
US74762E1029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FTV US Equity 
FORTIVE CORP 
Equity Securities 
23,724,362,254 
US34959J1088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9961 HK Equity 
TRIP.COM GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
23,558,014,154 
KYG9066F1019 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2057 HK Equity 
ZTO EXPRESS CAYM 
Equity Securities 
23,510,167,096 
KYG9897K1058 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AEE US Equity 
AMEREN CORP 
Equity Securities 
23,481,053,131 
US0236081024 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
753 HK Equity 
AIR CHINA LTD-H 
Equity Securities 
23,477,185,772 
CNE1000001S0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ML FP Equity 
MICHELIN 
Equity Securities 
23,398,127,611 
FR001400AJ45 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FE US Equity 
FIRSTENERGY CORP 
Equity Securities 
23,370,493,315 
US3379321074 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EBAY US Equity 
EBAY INC 
Equity Securities 
23,320,219,337 
US2786421030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DTE US Equity 
DTE ENERGY CO 
Equity Securities 
23,286,122,400 
US2333311072 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GPC US Equity 
GENUINE PARTS CO 
Equity Securities 
23,243,333,542 
US3724601055 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EDPR PL Equity 
EDP RENOVAVEIS S 
Equity Securities 
23,177,693,938 
ES0127797019 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
EN Lisbon 
ELE SM Equity 
ENDESA 
Equity Securities 
23,107,343,500 
ES0130670112 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
K US Equity 
KELLOGG CO 
Equity Securities 
22,958,771,544 
US4878361082 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CARLB DC Equity 
CARLSBERG-B 
Equity Securities 
22,937,238,956 
DK0010181759 
Consumer Staples 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
CARLA DC Equity 
CARLSBERG-A 
Equity Securities 
22,934,869,452 
DK0010181676 
Consumer Staples 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
EDP PL Equity 
EDP 
Equity Securities 
22,882,049,400 
PTEDP0AM0009 
Utilities 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
VIE FP Equity 
VEOLIA ENVIRONNE 
Equity Securities 
22,847,414,090 
FR0000124141 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ETR US Equity 
ENTERGY CORP 
Equity Securities 
22,829,487,726 
US29364G1031 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MKC US Equity 
MCCORMICK-N/V 
Equity Securities 
22,828,149,783 
US5797802064 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MKC/V US Equity 
MCCORMICK-VTG 
Equity Securities 
22,828,149,783 
US5797801074 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VRSN US Equity 
VERISIGN INC 
Equity Securities 
22,582,829,139 
US92343E1029 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MPWR US Equity 
MONOLITHIC POWER 
Equity Securities 
22,577,257,350 
US6098391054 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 123 ---
Annex I - page 13 of 162 
 
IR US Equity 
INGERSOLL-RAND I 
Equity Securities 
22,556,087,912 
US45687V1061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VMC US Equity 
VULCAN MATERIALS 
Equity Securities 
22,497,261,497 
US9291601097 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2423 HK Equity 
BEKE-W-CL A 
Equity Securities 
22,408,656,938 
KYG5223Y1089 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DBK GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE BANK-RG 
Equity Securities 
22,392,092,052 
DE0005140008 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FSLR US Equity 
FIRST SOLAR INC 
Equity Securities 
22,261,851,305 
US3364331070 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PODD US Equity 
INSULET CORP 
Equity Securities 
22,219,833,428 
US45784P1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FER SM Equity 
FERROVIAL SA 
Equity Securities 
22,211,107,917 
ES0118900010 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
1113 HK Equity 
CK ASSET HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
22,036,857,766 
KYG2177B1014 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3908 HK Equity 
CHINA INTERNAT-H 
Equity Securities 
22,029,746,460 
CNE100002359 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
RPRX US Equity 
ROYALTY PHARMA-A 
Equity Securities 
22,017,930,673 
GB00BMVP7Y09 
Health Care 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
CBRE US Equity 
CBRE GROUP INC-A 
Equity Securities 
21,946,550,449 
US12504L1098 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NU US Equity 
NU HOLDINGS LT-A 
Equity Securities 
21,877,711,400 
KYG6683N1034 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
763 HK Equity 
ZTE-H 
Equity Securities 
21,845,732,618 
CNE1000004Y2 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DSM NA Equity 
DSM (KONIN) 
Equity Securities 
21,802,506,940 
NL0000009827 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
BAX US Equity 
BAXTER INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
21,762,771,737 
US0718131099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
788 HK Equity 
CHINA TOWER CO-H 
Equity Securities 
21,749,095,138 
CNE100003688 
Communication Services 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DAL US Equity 
DELTA AIR LI 
Equity Securities 
21,704,540,359 
US2473617023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1171 HK Equity 
YANKUANG ENRGY-H 
Equity Securities 
21,698,855,949 
CNE1000004Q8 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MLM US Equity 
MARTIN MAR MTLS 
Equity Securities 
21,649,340,876 
US5732841060 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TSN US Equity 
TYSON FOODS-A 
Equity Securities 
21,629,170,705 
US9024941034 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CHD US Equity 
CHURCH & DWIGHT 
Equity Securities 
21,607,364,021 
US1713401024 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARGX BB Equity 
ARGENX SE 
Equity Securities 
21,585,494,115 
NL0010832176 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Brussels 
DDOG US Equity 
DATADOG INC-A 
Equity Securities 
21,535,196,154 
US23804L1035 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HRL US Equity 
HORMEL FOODS CRP 
Equity Securities 
21,456,882,557 
US4404521001 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NET US Equity 
CLOUDFLARE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
21,365,398,556 
US18915M1071 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HIG US Equity 
HARTFORD FINL SV 
Equity Securities 
21,255,239,247 
US4165151048 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1988 HK Equity 
CHINA MINSHENG-H 
Equity Securities 
21,152,192,487 
CNE100000HF9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PPL US Equity 
PPL CORP 
Equity Securities 
21,057,681,406 
US69351T1060 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
914 HK Equity 
CONCH CEMENT-H 
Equity Securities 
20,980,718,213 
CNE1000001W2 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ESSITYB SS Equity 
ESSITY AKTIEBO-B 
Equity Securities 
20,916,139,951 
SE0009922164 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ESSITYA SS Equity 
ESSITY AKTIEBO-A 
Equity Securities 
20,913,706,236 
SE0009922156 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PUB FP Equity 
PUBLICIS GROUPE 
Equity Securities 
20,820,198,400 
FR0000130577 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CAH US Equity 
CARDINAL HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
20,773,437,327 
US14149Y1082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TTWO US Equity 
TAKE-TWO INTERAC 
Equity Securities 
20,758,774,284 
US8740541094 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HOLX US Equity 
HOLOGIC INC 
Equity Securities 
20,744,803,328 
US4364401012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TDY US Equity 
TELEDYNE TECH 
Equity Securities 
20,674,151,260 
US8793601050 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HPE US Equity 
HEWLETT PACKA 
Equity Securities 
20,617,275,917 
US42824C1099 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HUBS US Equity 
HUBSPOT INC 
Equity Securities 
20,557,050,704 
US4435731009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DOV US Equity 
DOVER CORP 
Equity Securities 
20,547,689,431 
US2600031080 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REP SM Equity 
REPSOL SA 
Equity Securities 
20,461,796,121 
ES0173516115 
Energy 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ZM US Equity 
ZOOM VIDEO COM-A 
Equity Securities 
20,421,628,827 
US98980L1017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1929 HK Equity 
CHOW TAI FOOK JE 
Equity Securities 
20,407,903,886 
KYG211461085 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ERICB SS Equity 
ERICSSON LM-B 
Equity Securities 
20,304,746,884 
SE0000108656 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ERICA SS Equity 
ERICSSON LM-A 
Equity Securities 
20,301,572,430 
SE0000108649 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LH US Equity 
LABORATORY CP 
Equity Securities 
20,297,690,818 
US50540R4092 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1816 HK Equity 
CGN POWER-H 
Equity Securities 
20,211,300,054 
CNE100001T80 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HEI US Equity 
HEICO CORP 
Equity Securities 
20,183,761,927 
US4228061093 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HEI/A US Equity 
HEICO CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
20,183,761,927 
US4228062083 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2331 HK Equity 
LI NING CO LTD 
Equity Securities 
20,165,044,306 
KYG5496K1242 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 124 ---
Annex I - page 14 of 162 
 
MONC IM Equity 
MONCLER SPA 
Equity Securities 
20,158,920,704 
IT0004965148 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RJF US Equity 
RAYMOND JAMES 
Equity Securities 
20,154,749,786 
US7547301090 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EXO NA Equity 
EXOR NV 
Equity Securities 
19,997,215,200 
NL0012059018 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
SWEDA SS Equity 
SWEDBANK AB-A 
Equity Securities 
19,982,637,883 
SE0000242455 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
960 HK Equity 
LONGFOR GROUP HO 
Equity Securities 
19,954,408,583 
KYG5635P1090 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GLE FP Equity 
SOC GENERALE SA 
Equity Securities 
19,891,886,830 
FR0000130809 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1913 HK Equity 
PRADA 
Equity Securities 
19,867,810,723 
IT0003874101 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
Hong Kong 
CTRA US Equity 
COTERRA ENERGY I 
Equity Securities 
19,719,372,324 
US1270971039 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CNHI US Equity 
CNH INDUSTRIAL N 
Equity Securities 
19,679,687,821 
NL0010545661 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
1186 HK Equity 
CHINA RAIL CN-H 
Equity Securities 
19,633,261,283 
CNE100000981 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MTB US Equity 
M&T BANK CORP 
Equity Securities 
19,592,259,054 
US55261F1049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PINS US Equity 
PINTEREST INC -A 
Equity Securities 
19,563,115,517 
US72352L1061 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CLX US Equity 
CLOROX CO 
Equity Securities 
19,545,349,357 
US1890541097 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1055 HK Equity 
CHINA SOUTHERN-H 
Equity Securities 
19,471,856,629 
CNE1000002T6 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
669 HK Equity 
TECHTRONIC IND 
Equity Securities 
19,423,395,634 
HK0669013440 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
OMC US Equity 
OMNICOM GROUP 
Equity Securities 
19,135,883,437 
US6819191064 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CNP US Equity 
CENTERPOINT ENER 
Equity Securities 
19,134,745,142 
US15189T1079 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ROL US Equity 
ROLLINS INC 
Equity Securities 
19,118,476,590 
US7757111049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ENR GR Equity 
SIEMENS ENERGY A 
Equity Securities 
19,097,214,835 
DE000ENER6Y0 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
168 HK Equity 
TSINGTAO BREW-H 
Equity Securities 
19,016,378,106 
CNE1000004K1 
Consumer Staples 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ASM NA Equity 
ASM INTL NV 
Equity Securities 
18,979,702,532 
NL0000334118 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
1772 HK Equity 
GANFENG LITHIU-H 
Equity Securities 
18,948,255,436 
CNE1000031W9 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GRMN US Equity 
GARMIN LTD 
Equity Securities 
18,917,798,391 
CH0114405324 
Consumer Discretionary 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
9696 HK Equity 
TIANQI LITHIUM C 
Equity Securities 
18,894,765,171 
CNE100005F09 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
3993 HK Equity 
CMOC-H 
Equity Securities 
18,887,740,830 
CNE100000114 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LUV US Equity 
SOUTHWEST AIR 
Equity Securities 
18,840,671,880 
US8447411088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XYL US Equity 
XYLEM INC 
Equity Securities 
18,828,273,589 
US98419M1009 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KYGA ID Equity 
KERRY GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
18,819,067,339 
IE0004906560 
Consumer Staples 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
DANSKE DC Equity 
DANSKE BANK A/S 
Equity Securities 
18,818,657,112 
DK0010274414 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
UCB BB Equity 
UCB SA 
Equity Securities 
18,727,194,283 
BE0003739530 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
2 HK Equity 
CLP HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
18,715,283,631 
HK0002007356 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BOL FP Equity 
BOLLORE SE 
Equity Securities 
18,690,014,093 
FR0000039299 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SRG IM Equity 
SNAM SPA 
Equity Securities 
18,653,816,832 
IT0003153415 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
2611 HK Equity 
GUOTAI JUNAN S-H 
Equity Securities 
18,588,820,904 
CNE100002FK9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BMRN US Equity 
BIOMARIN PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
18,574,317,089 
US09061G1013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STE US Equity 
STERIS PLC 
Equity Securities 
18,519,527,153 
IE00BFY8C754 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
PLTR US Equity 
PALANTIR TECHN-A 
Equity Securities 
18,513,221,206 
US69608A1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COO US Equity 
COOPER COS INC 
Equity Securities 
18,482,076,193 
US2166484020 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PFG US Equity 
PRINCIPAL FINL 
Equity Securities 
18,439,728,446 
US74251V1026 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DRI US Equity 
DARDEN RESTAURAN 
Equity Securities 
18,432,067,531 
US2371941053 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JBHT US Equity 
HUNT (JB) TRANS 
Equity Securities 
18,343,487,598 
US4456581077 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NVR US Equity 
NVR INC 
Equity Securities 
18,302,098,180 
US62944T1051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RYA ID Equity 
RYANAIR HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
18,297,579,504 
IE00BYTBXV33 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
PAYC US Equity 
PAYCOM SOFTWARE 
Equity Securities 
18,281,727,219 
US70432V1026 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NTRS US Equity 
NORTHERN TRUST 
Equity Securities 
18,265,454,820 
US6658591044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VTWR GR Equity 
VANTAGE TOWERS A 
Equity Securities 
18,262,572,916 
DE000A3H3LL2 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
WAT US Equity 
WATERS CORP 
Equity Securities 
18,129,244,971 
US9418481035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RKT US Equity 
ROCKET COS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
18,059,713,570 
US77311W1018 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FITB US Equity 
FIFTH THIRD BANC 
Equity Securities 
18,007,070,245 
US3167731005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 125 ---
Annex I - page 15 of 162 
 
SHBB SS Equity 
SVENSKA HAN-B 
Equity Securities 
17,988,539,595 
SE0007100607 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SHBA SS Equity 
SVENSKA HAN-A 
Equity Securities 
17,977,057,094 
SE0007100599 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
WAB US Equity 
WABTEC CORP 
Equity Securities 
17,949,972,764 
US9297401088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
STLD US Equity 
STEEL DYNAMICS 
Equity Securities 
17,923,007,064 
US8581191009 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1997 HK Equity 
WHARF REAL ESTAT 
Equity Securities 
17,830,811,080 
KYG9593A1040 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6886 HK Equity 
HUATAI SECURIT-H 
Equity Securities 
17,830,223,870 
CNE100001YQ9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CMS US Equity 
CMS ENERGY CORP 
Equity Securities 
17,705,950,414 
US1258961002 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MKL US Equity 
MARKEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
17,660,110,843 
US5705351048 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAG US Equity 
CONAGRA BRANDS I 
Equity Securities 
17,631,244,285 
US2058871029 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRGP US Equity 
TARGA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
17,629,154,434 
US87612G1013 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NCM AU Equity 
NEWCREST MINING 
Equity Securities 
17,579,317,336 
AU000000NCM7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FICO US Equity 
FAIR ISAAC CORP 
Equity Securities 
17,559,543,633 
US3032501047 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SWKS US Equity 
SKYWORKS SOLUTIO 
Equity Securities 
17,519,578,972 
US83088M1027 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HWM US Equity 
HOWMET AEROSPACE 
Equity Securities 
17,518,151,561 
US4432011082 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
902 HK Equity 
HUANENG POWER-H 
Equity Securities 
17,429,301,748 
CNE1000006Z4 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
UPM FH Equity 
UPM-KYMMENE OYJ 
Equity Securities 
17,407,328,390 
FI0009005987 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
PKI US Equity 
PERKINELMER INC 
Equity Securities 
17,332,347,263 
US7140461093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RF US Equity 
REGIONS FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
17,298,736,586 
US7591EP1005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EXPD US Equity 
EXPEDITORS INTL 
Equity Securities 
17,241,629,573 
US3021301094 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FOXA US Equity 
FOX CORP - A 
Equity Securities 
17,227,568,640 
US35137L1052 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FOX US Equity 
FOX CORP - B 
Equity Securities 
17,227,568,640 
US35137L2043 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1776 HK Equity 
GF SECURITIES-H 
Equity Securities 
17,226,309,786 
CNE100001TQ9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TRN IM Equity 
TERNA-RETE ELETTRICA 
NAZIONA 
Equity Securities 
17,179,491,328 
IT0003242622 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ICLR US Equity 
ICON PLC 
Equity Securities 
17,143,967,368 
IE0005711209 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
916 HK Equity 
CHINA LONGYUAN-H 
Equity Securities 
17,143,765,705 
CNE100000HD4 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PKN PW Equity 
PKN ORLEN 
Equity Securities 
17,130,051,158 
PLPKN0000018 
Energy 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
MOH US Equity 
MOLINA HEALTHCAR 
Equity Securities 
17,113,553,903 
US60855R1005 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BR US Equity 
BROADRIDGE FINL 
Equity Securities 
17,086,672,063 
US11133T1034 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EPAM US Equity 
EPAM SYSTEMS INC 
Equity Securities 
17,072,685,632 
US29414B1044 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TEL NO Equity 
TELENOR ASA 
Equity Securities 
17,033,677,824 
NO0010063308 
Communication Services 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
TEN IM Equity 
TENARIS SA 
Equity Securities 
16,970,068,992 
LU0156801721 
Energy 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
BorsaItaliana 
6099 HK Equity 
CHINA MERCHAN-H 
Equity Securities 
16,968,468,690 
CNE1000029Z6 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SEDG US Equity 
SOLAREDGE TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
16,928,866,755 
US83417M1045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SNAP US Equity 
SNAP INC - A 
Equity Securities 
16,904,472,764 
US83304A1060 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
12 HK Equity 
HENDERSON LAND D 
Equity Securities 
16,898,814,990 
HK0012000102 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
AM FP Equity 
DASSAULT AVIATIO 
Equity Securities 
16,898,679,113 
FR0014004L86 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2319 HK Equity 
MENGNIU DAIRY 
Equity Securities 
16,892,596,199 
KYG210961051 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VNA GR Equity 
VONOVIA SE 
Equity Securities 
16,809,461,522 
DE000A1ML7J1 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CINF US Equity 
CINCINNATI FIN 
Equity Securities 
16,777,016,194 
US1720621010 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BRO US Equity 
BROWN & BROWN 
Equity Securities 
16,672,942,861 
US1152361010 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AES US Equity 
AES CORP 
Equity Securities 
16,632,107,776 
US00130H1059 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INCY US Equity 
INCYTE CORP 
Equity Securities 
16,610,893,841 
US45337C1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALLCD AU Equity 
ARISTOCRAT LE-CD 
Equity Securities 
16,602,899,535 
AU0000ALLCD5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALL AU Equity 
ARISTOCRAT LEISU 
Equity Securities 
16,602,899,535 
AU000000ALL7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
IEX US Equity 
IDEX CORP 
Equity Securities 
16,578,510,446 
US45167R1041 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TW US Equity 
TRADEWEB MARKE-A 
Equity Securities 
16,541,918,386 
US8926721064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HBAN US Equity 
HUNTINGTON BANC 
Equity Securities 
16,540,354,119 
US4461501045 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3 HK Equity 
HONG KG CHINA GS 
Equity Securities 
16,496,962,037 
HK0003000038 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong

--- Page 126 ---
Annex I - page 16 of 162 
 
AMCR US Equity 
AMCOR PLC 
Equity Securities 
16,492,157,645 
JE00BJ1F3079 
Materials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
CPB US Equity 
CAMPBELL SOUP CO 
Equity Securities 
16,405,294,787 
US1344291091 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COL AU Equity 
COLES GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
16,372,420,710 
AU0000030678 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AXON US Equity 
AXON ENTERPRISE 
Equity Securities 
16,314,581,248 
US05464C1018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9866 HK Equity 
NIO INC-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
16,301,211,507 
KYG6525F1028 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FLT US Equity 
FLEETCOR TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
16,256,340,150 
US3390411052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SJM US Equity 
JM SMUCKER CO 
Equity Securities 
16,249,207,851 
US8326964058 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MGM US Equity 
MGM RESORTS INTE 
Equity Securities 
16,239,443,813 
US5529531015 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
STO AU Equity 
SANTOS LTD 
Equity Securities 
16,225,669,652 
AU000000STO6 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
WRB US Equity 
WR BERKLEY CORP 
Equity Securities 
16,196,679,815 
US0844231029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATO US Equity 
ATMOS ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
16,183,091,261 
US0495601058 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COIN US Equity 
COINBASE GLOBA-A 
Equity Securities 
16,182,328,884 
US19260Q1076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WMG US Equity 
WARNER MUSIC-A 
Equity Securities 
16,179,843,057 
US9345502036 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PHIA NA Equity 
KONINKLIJKE PHIL 
Equity Securities 
16,166,976,553 
NL0000009538 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
OMV AV Equity 
OMV AG 
Equity Securities 
16,131,463,568 
AT0000743059 
Energy 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
SY1 GR Equity 
SYMRISE AG 
Equity Securities 
16,113,281,698 
DE000SYM9999 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1787 HK Equity 
SHANDONG GOLD -H 
Equity Securities 
16,035,156,549 
CNE1000036N7 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FRE GR Equity 
FRESENIUS SE & C 
Equity Securities 
16,033,142,708 
DE0005785604 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MRO US Equity 
MARATHON OIL 
Equity Securities 
16,026,580,697 
US5658491064 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BBY US Equity 
BEST BUY CO INC 
Equity Securities 
16,000,196,181 
US0865161014 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CHKP US Equity 
CHECK POINT SOFT 
Equity Securities 
15,990,002,806 
IL0010824113 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
LYV US Equity 
LIVE NATION ENTE 
Equity Securities 
15,970,532,876 
US5380341090 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LPLA US Equity 
LPL FINANCIAL HO 
Equity Securities 
15,969,987,760 
US50212V1008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NHY NO Equity 
NORSK HYDRO ASA 
Equity Securities 
15,934,368,768 
NO0005052605 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
SW FP Equity 
SODEXO SA 
Equity Securities 
15,930,563,865 
FR0000121220 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2313 HK Equity 
SHENZHOU INTL GP 
Equity Securities 
15,903,721,544 
KYG8087W1015 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FDS US Equity 
FACTSET RESEARCH 
Equity Securities 
15,863,117,205 
US3030751057 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DGX US Equity 
QUEST DIAGNOSTIC 
Equity Securities 
15,845,716,247 
US74834L1008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LW US Equity 
LAMB WESTON 
Equity Securities 
15,839,499,995 
US5132721045 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RCL US Equity 
ROYAL CARIBBEAN 
Equity Securities 
15,818,975,679 
LR0008862868 
Consumer Discretionary 
Liberia 
Liberia 
New York 
EDEN FP Equity 
EDENRED 
Equity Securities 
15,795,733,811 
FR0010908533 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
670 HK Equity 
CHINA EAST AIR-H 
Equity Securities 
15,741,599,907 
CNE1000002K5 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BALL US Equity 
BALL CORP 
Equity Securities 
15,729,257,445 
US0584981064 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TER US Equity 
TERADYNE INC 
Equity Securities 
15,721,822,701 
US8807701029 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UI US Equity 
UBIQUITI INC 
Equity Securities 
15,667,646,148 
US90353W1036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AZPN US Equity 
ASPEN TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
15,651,330,166 
US29109X1063 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MDB US Equity 
MONGODB INC 
Equity Securities 
15,624,597,833 
US60937P1066 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MOS US Equity 
MOSAIC CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
15,605,315,094 
US61945C1036 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6837 HK Equity 
HAITONG SECURI-H 
Equity Securities 
15,586,357,985 
CNE1000019K9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ZBRA US Equity 
ZEBRA TECH CORP 
Equity Securities 
15,579,749,205 
US9892071054 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1179 HK Equity 
H WORLD GP LTD 
Equity Securities 
15,534,107,016 
KYG465871120 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SYM US Equity 
SYMBOTIC INC 
Equity Securities 
15,521,210,471 
US87151X1019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGR US Equity 
AVANGRID INC 
Equity Securities 
15,415,228,194 
US05351W1036 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SIRI US Equity 
SIRIUS XM HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
15,406,381,750 
US82968B1035 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2688 HK Equity 
ENN ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
15,388,965,975 
KYG3066L1014 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CA FP Equity 
CARREFOUR SA 
Equity Securities 
15,366,717,308 
FR0000120172 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EBS AV Equity 
ERSTE GROUP BANK 
Equity Securities 
15,363,090,829 
AT0000652011 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
FMC US Equity 
FMC CORP 
Equity Securities 
15,353,644,375 
US3024913036 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ZS US Equity 
ZSCALER INC 
Equity Securities 
15,302,914,018 
US98980G1022 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 127 ---
Annex I - page 17 of 162 
 
1972 HK Equity 
SWIREPROPERTIES 
Equity Securities 
15,277,265,128 
HK0000063609 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
6806 HK Equity 
SHENWAN HONGYU-H 
Equity Securities 
15,275,149,353 
CNE100003K53 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TYL US Equity 
TYLER TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
15,265,402,485 
US9022521051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CON GR Equity 
CONTINENTAL AG 
Equity Securities 
15,213,136,521 
DE0005439004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
2600 HK Equity 
ALUMINUM CORP-H 
Equity Securities 
15,205,469,627 
CNE1000001T8 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
OWL US Equity 
BLUE OWL CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
15,182,911,994 
US09581B1035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WTC AU Equity 
WISETECH GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
15,119,787,125 
AU000000WTC3 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PTC US Equity 
PTC INC 
Equity Securities 
15,105,758,919 
US69370C1009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CF US Equity 
CF INDUSTRIES HO 
Equity Securities 
15,089,823,570 
US1252691001 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WLK US Equity 
WESTLAKE CORP 
Equity Securities 
15,085,566,459 
US9604131022 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALFA SS Equity 
ALFA LAVAL AB 
Equity Securities 
15,068,661,568 
SE0000695876 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SPLK US Equity 
SPLUNK INC 
Equity Securities 
15,060,500,000 
US8486371045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LKQ US Equity 
LKQ CORP 
Equity Securities 
15,053,755,735 
US5018892084 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JDEP NA Equity 
JDE PEETS NV 
Equity Securities 
14,991,096,614 
NL0014332678 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
AKRBP NO Equity 
AKER BP ASA 
Equity Securities 
14,922,127,360 
NO0010345853 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
HEI GR Equity 
HEIDELBERGCEMENT 
Equity Securities 
14,899,532,347 
DE0006047004 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CPR IM Equity 
DAVIDE CAMPARI-MILANO 
NV 
Equity Securities 
14,837,581,824 
NL0015435975 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
BorsaItaliana 
QBE AU Equity 
QBE INSURANCE 
Equity Securities 
14,829,859,738 
AU000000QBE9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
JMT PL Equity 
JERONIMO MARTINS 
Equity Securities 
14,820,666,568 
PTJMT0AE0001 
Consumer Staples 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
2338 HK Equity 
WEICHAI POWER-H 
Equity Securities 
14,816,999,630 
CNE1000004L9 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
NZYMB DC Equity 
NOVOZYMES-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
14,681,642,062 
DK0060336014 
Materials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
TRYG DC Equity 
TRYG A/S 
Equity Securities 
14,655,856,002 
DK0060636678 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
CHWY US Equity 
CHEWY INC- CL A 
Equity Securities 
14,635,691,569 
US16679L1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IPG US Equity 
INTERPUBLIC GRP 
Equity Securities 
14,587,881,153 
US4606901001 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
J US Equity 
JACOBS SOLUTIONS 
Equity Securities 
14,573,391,631 
US46982L1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6862 HK Equity 
HAIDILAO INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
14,520,987,956 
KYG4290A1013 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ADP FP Equity 
ADP 
Equity Securities 
14,493,116,089 
FR0010340141 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RS US Equity 
RELIANCE STEEL 
Equity Securities 
14,446,963,102 
US7595091023 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVY US Equity 
AVERY DENNISON 
Equity Securities 
14,432,531,012 
US0536111091 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CBK GR Equity 
COMMERZBANK 
Equity Securities 
14,375,537,227 
DE000CBK1001 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SSNC US Equity 
SS&C TECHNOLOGIE 
Equity Securities 
14,338,703,290 
US78467J1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KPN NA Equity 
KPN (KONIN) NV 
Equity Securities 
14,333,636,676 
NL0000009082 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
1038 HK Equity 
CKI HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
14,299,375,904 
BMG2178K1009 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1898 HK Equity 
CHINA COAL ENE-H 
Equity Securities 
14,233,462,864 
CNE100000528 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
NTAP US Equity 
NETAPP INC 
Equity Securities 
14,192,577,575 
US64110D1046 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PARAA US Equity 
PARAMOUNT GLOB-A 
Equity Securities 
14,165,966,006 
US92556H1077 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PARA US Equity 
PARAMOUNT GLOB-B 
Equity Securities 
14,165,966,006 
US92556H2067 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BG US Equity 
BUNGE LTD 
Equity Securities 
14,153,049,706 
BMG169621056 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
LCID US Equity 
LUCID GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
14,150,288,831 
US5494981039 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXPE US Equity 
EXPEDIA GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
14,112,647,178 
US30212P3038 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BIO US Equity 
BIO-RAD LABS-A 
Equity Securities 
14,106,871,427 
US0905722072 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BIO/B US Equity 
BIO-RAD LABS-B 
Equity Securities 
14,106,871,427 
US0905721082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CFG US Equity 
CITIZENS FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
14,093,382,937 
US1746101054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EVRG US Equity 
EVERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
14,087,221,102 
US30034W1062 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3996 HK Equity 
CHINA ENERGY E-H 
Equity Securities 
14,069,246,559 
CNE1000023C8 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FCNCA US Equity 
FIRST CITIZENS-A 
Equity Securities 
14,067,487,031 
US31946M1036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RE US Equity 
EVEREST RE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
14,065,670,384 
BMG3223R1088 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
2238 HK Equity 
GUANGZHOU AUTO-H 
Equity Securities 
13,975,013,263 
CNE100000Q35 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong

--- Page 128 ---
Annex I - page 18 of 162 
 
TXT US Equity 
TEXTRON INC 
Equity Securities 
13,969,056,410 
US8832031012 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
316 HK Equity 
ORIENT OVERSEAS 
Equity Securities 
13,964,760,128 
BMG677491539 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AVTR US Equity 
AVANTOR INC 
Equity Securities 
13,954,236,139 
US05352A1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TEP FP Equity 
TELEPERFORMANCE 
Equity Securities 
13,931,488,018 
FR0000051807 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AKZA NA Equity 
AKZO NOBEL 
Equity Securities 
13,892,175,498 
NL0013267909 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
MTX GR Equity 
MTU AERO ENGINES 
Equity Securities 
13,733,896,850 
DE000A0D9PT0 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1698 HK Equity 
TENCENT MUS-CL A 
Equity Securities 
13,728,792,349 
KYG875771134 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FORTUM FH Equity 
FORTUM OYJ 
Equity Securities 
13,673,475,482 
FI0009007132 
Utilities 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
S32 AU Equity 
SOUTH32 LTD 
Equity Securities 
13,658,709,629 
AU000000S320 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FME GR Equity 
FRESENIUS MEDICA 
Equity Securities 
13,655,999,822 
DE0005785802 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
LNT US Equity 
ALLIANT ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
13,651,835,696 
US0188021085 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
992 HK Equity 
LENOVO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
13,642,389,537 
HK0992009065 
Information Technology 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BSY US Equity 
BENTLEY SYSTEM-B 
Equity Securities 
13,621,616,605 
US08265T2087 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UAL US Equity 
UNITED AIRLINES 
Equity Securities 
13,614,791,638 
US9100471096 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PST IM Equity 
POSTE ITALIANE SPA 
Equity Securities 
13,567,405,056 
IT0003796171 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
LATOB SS Equity 
LATOUR INV-B 
Equity Securities 
13,567,309,275 
SE0010100958 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
175 HK Equity 
GEELY AUTOMOBILE 
Equity Securities 
13,503,421,295 
KYG3777B1032 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PHM US Equity 
PULTEGROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
13,490,067,329 
US7458671010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GBLB BB Equity 
GROUPE BRUX LAMB 
Equity Securities 
13,451,150,559 
BE0003797140 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
TECH US Equity 
BIO-TECHNE CORP 
Equity Securities 
13,406,138,048 
US09073M1045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BEN US Equity 
FRANKLIN RES INC 
Equity Securities 
13,384,572,407 
US3546131018 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EN FP Equity 
BOUYGUES SA 
Equity Securities 
13,369,463,924 
FR0000120503 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AMUN FP Equity 
AMUNDI SA 
Equity Securities 
13,341,014,085 
FR0004125920 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ERF FP Equity 
EUROFINS SCIEN 
Equity Securities 
13,266,161,709 
FR0014000MR3 
Health Care 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Paris 
STX US Equity 
SEAGATE TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
13,206,707,941 
IE00BKVD2N49 
Information Technology 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
AER US Equity 
AERCAP HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
13,199,406,056 
NL0000687663 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
TPL US Equity 
TEXAS PACIFIC LA 
Equity Securities 
13,194,235,712 
US88262P1021 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2382 HK Equity 
SUNNY OPTICAL 
Equity Securities 
13,176,337,247 
KYG8586D1097 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3958 HK Equity 
DFZQ-H 
Equity Securities 
13,142,583,416 
CNE1000027F2 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BXB AU Equity 
BRAMBLES LTD 
Equity Securities 
13,063,392,740 
AU000000BXB1 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BLDR US Equity 
BUILDERS FIRSTSO 
Equity Securities 
13,022,840,817 
US12008R1077 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
L US Equity 
LOEWS CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,984,481,031 
US5404241086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INW IM Equity 
INFRASTRUTTURE 
WIRELESS ITAL 
Equity Securities 
12,975,958,016 
IT0005090300 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
POOL US Equity 
POOL CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,913,211,260 
US73278L1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKAM US Equity 
AKAMAI TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
12,902,912,866 
US00971T1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RHM GR Equity 
RHEINMETALL AG 
Equity Securities 
12,859,258,093 
DE0007030009 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BAH US Equity 
BOOZ ALLEN HAMIL 
Equity Securities 
12,829,436,922 
US0995021062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3347 HK Equity 
HANGZHOU TIGER-H 
Equity Securities 
12,827,721,339 
CNE1000040M1 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BVI FP Equity 
BUREAU VERITAS S 
Equity Securities 
12,827,690,251 
FR0006174348 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ETSY US Equity 
ETSY INC 
Equity Securities 
12,780,268,327 
US29786A1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SOLB BB Equity 
SOLVAY SA-A 
Equity Securities 
12,770,299,322 
BE0003470755 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
SYF US Equity 
SYNCHRONY FINANC 
Equity Securities 
12,767,731,239 
US87165B1035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SNA US Equity 
SNAP-ON INC 
Equity Securities 
12,747,729,551 
US8330341012 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REA AU Equity 
REA GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
12,711,211,638 
AU000000REA9 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VOLCARB SS Equity 
VOLVO CAR AB-B 
Equity Securities 
12,695,966,184 
SE0016844831 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LSCC US Equity 
LATTICE SEMICOND 
Equity Securities 
12,695,509,340 
US5184151042 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1209 HK Equity 
CHINA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
12,692,025,113 
KYG2122G1064 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BIM FP Equity 
BIOMERIEUX 
Equity Securities 
12,691,073,026 
FR0013280286 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 129 ---
Annex I - page 19 of 162 
 
PKG US Equity 
PACKAGING CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,687,970,388 
US6951561090 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APA US Equity 
APA CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,684,488,300 
US03743Q1085 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INDUC SS Equity 
INDUSTRIVARDEN-C 
Equity Securities 
12,675,091,141 
SE0000107203 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
INDUA SS Equity 
INDUSTRIVARDEN-A 
Equity Securities 
12,672,322,706 
SE0000190126 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LHA GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE LUFT-RG 
Equity Securities 
12,648,821,637 
DE0008232125 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MKTX US Equity 
MARKETAXESS 
Equity Securities 
12,636,474,144 
US57060D1081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WYNN US Equity 
WYNN RESORTS LTD 
Equity Securities 
12,617,527,665 
US9831341071 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AFX GR Equity 
CARL ZEISS ME-BR 
Equity Securities 
12,617,009,562 
DE0005313704 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1336 HK Equity 
NEW CHINA LIFE-H 
Equity Securities 
12,615,900,002 
CNE100001922 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LDOS US Equity 
LEIDOS HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
12,609,436,387 
US5253271028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3606 HK Equity 
FUYAO GLASS IN-H 
Equity Securities 
12,553,137,817 
CNE100001TR7 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
IP US Equity 
INTL PAPER CO 
Equity Securities 
12,545,723,472 
US4601461035 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ANE SM Equity 
CORP ACCIONA ENE 
Equity Securities 
12,532,821,136 
ES0105563003 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
NDSN US Equity 
NORDSON CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,475,448,188 
US6556631025 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WLN FP Equity 
WORLDLINE 
Equity Securities 
12,413,958,762 
FR0011981968 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RIVN US Equity 
RIVIAN AUTOMOT-A 
Equity Securities 
12,404,464,374 
US76954A1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BURL US Equity 
BURLINGTON STORE 
Equity Securities 
12,400,874,465 
US1220171060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TFX US Equity 
TELEFLEX INC 
Equity Securities 
12,390,975,933 
US8793691069 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KSP ID Equity 
KINGSPAN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
12,370,909,324 
IE0004927939 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
RNO FP Equity 
RENAULT SA 
Equity Securities 
12,358,823,754 
FR0000131906 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1093 HK Equity 
CSPC PHARMACEUTI 
Equity Securities 
12,343,819,294 
HK1093012172 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
TLX GR Equity 
TALANX AG 
Equity Securities 
12,340,179,270 
DE000TLX1005 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DECK US Equity 
DECKERS OUTDOOR 
Equity Securities 
12,310,827,856 
US2435371073 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRU US Equity 
TRANSUNION 
Equity Securities 
12,277,608,015 
US89400J1079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRKR US Equity 
BRUKER CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,275,475,136 
US1167941087 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CE US Equity 
CELANESE CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,270,534,478 
US1508701034 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TAP/A US Equity 
MOLSON COORS-A 
Equity Securities 
12,230,188,170 
US60871R1005 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TAP US Equity 
MOLSON COORS-B 
Equity Securities 
12,230,188,170 
US60871R2094 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DT US Equity 
DYNATRACE INC 
Equity Securities 
12,221,112,725 
US2681501092 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HUBB US Equity 
HUBBELL INC 
Equity Securities 
12,201,413,359 
US4435106079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SWK US Equity 
STANLEY BLACK & 
Equity Securities 
12,155,646,525 
US8545021011 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2196 HK Equity 
FOSUN PHARMA-H 
Equity Securities 
12,152,922,695 
CNE100001M79 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1618 HK Equity 
METALLURGICAL-H 
Equity Securities 
12,136,762,850 
CNE100000FF3 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WSO US Equity 
WATSCO INC 
Equity Securities 
12,112,285,219 
US9426222009 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WSO/B US Equity 
WATSCO INC -B 
Equity Securities 
12,112,285,219 
US9426221019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRMB US Equity 
TRIMBLE INC 
Equity Securities 
12,083,346,534 
US8962391004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ERIE US Equity 
ERIE INDEMNITY-A 
Equity Securities 
12,080,005,305 
US29530P1021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXAS US Equity 
EXACT SCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
12,010,979,748 
US30063P1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BNR GR Equity 
BRENNTAG SE 
Equity Securities 
12,006,605,523 
DE000A1DAHH0 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HAL NA Equity 
HAL TRUST 
Equity Securities 
12,001,463,028 
BMG455841020 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
EN Amsterdam 
CCL US Equity 
CARNIVAL CORP 
Equity Securities 
12,001,175,195 
PA1436583006 
Consumer Discretionary 
Panama 
Panama 
New York 
6881 HK Equity 
CGS-H 
Equity Securities 
11,993,690,726 
CNE100001NT6 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
OKTA US Equity 
OKTA INC 
Equity Securities 
11,983,684,506 
US6792951054 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
20 HK Equity 
SENSETIME GROU-B 
Equity Securities 
11,980,749,057 
KYG8062L1041 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EQT US Equity 
EQT CORP 
Equity Securities 
11,942,334,708 
US26884L1098 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DKS US Equity 
DICKS SPORTING 
Equity Securities 
11,938,590,792 
US2533931026 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
H US Equity 
HYATT HOTELS-A 
Equity Securities 
11,912,365,245 
US4485791028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GGG US Equity 
GRACO INC 
Equity Securities 
11,880,582,780 
US3841091040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6 HK Equity 
POWER ASSETS 
Equity Securities 
11,877,330,059 
HK0006000050 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong

--- Page 130 ---
Annex I - page 20 of 162 
 
VTRS US Equity 
VIATRIS INC 
Equity Securities 
11,812,553,775 
US92556V1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GDDY US Equity 
GODADDY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
11,811,312,328 
US3802371076 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AGL US Equity 
AGILON HEALTH IN 
Equity Securities 
11,795,661,548 
US00857U1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DPZ US Equity 
DOMINOS PIZZA 
Equity Securities 
11,701,515,134 
US25754A2015 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LUNDB SS Equity 
LUNDBERGS AB-B 
Equity Securities 
11,693,578,578 
SE0000108847 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
3692 HK Equity 
HANSOH PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
11,663,783,587 
KYG549581067 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DOX US Equity 
AMDOCS LTD 
Equity Securities 
11,589,712,680 
GB0022569080 
Information Technology 
Guernsey 
Guernsey 
NASDAQ 
EDR US Equity 
ENDEAVOR GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
11,575,095,284 
US29260Y1091 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VIV FP Equity 
VIVENDI SE 
Equity Securities 
11,539,203,491 
FR0000127771 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ACM US Equity 
AECOM 
Equity Securities 
11,493,965,673 
US00766T1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NI US Equity 
NISOURCE INC 
Equity Securities 
11,488,346,240 
US65473P1057 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FIVE US Equity 
FIVE BELOW 
Equity Securities 
11,465,076,260 
US33829M1018 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LBRDA US Equity 
LIBERTY BR-A 
Equity Securities 
11,408,655,593 
US5303071071 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LBRDK US Equity 
LIBERTY BR-C 
Equity Securities 
11,408,655,593 
US5303073051 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WTRG US Equity 
ESSENTIAL UTILIT 
Equity Securities 
11,408,261,235 
US29670G1022 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BWA US Equity 
BORGWARNER INC 
Equity Securities 
11,392,357,913 
US0997241064 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WDC US Equity 
WESTERN DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
11,323,169,999 
US9581021055 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
881 HK Equity 
ZHONGSHENG GROUP 
Equity Securities 
11,320,840,654 
KYG9894K1085 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SHL AU Equity 
SONIC HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
11,294,312,988 
AU000000SHL7 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BIRG ID Equity 
BANK OF IRELAND 
Equity Securities 
11,292,804,150 
IE00BD1RP616 
Financials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
GRAB US Equity 
GRAB HOLDINGS LT 
Equity Securities 
11,289,600,000 
KYG4124C1096 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
2618 HK Equity 
JD LOGISTICS INC 
Equity Securities 
11,288,640,873 
KYG5074S1012 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JKHY US Equity 
JACK HENRY 
Equity Securities 
11,237,652,329 
US4262811015 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GEN US Equity 
GEN DIGITAL INC 
Equity Securities 
11,229,504,788 
US6687711084 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AIBG ID Equity 
AIB GROUP PLC 
Equity Securities 
11,216,882,039 
IE00BF0L3536 
Financials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
PRY IM Equity 
PRYSMIAN SPA 
Equity Securities 
11,194,489,856 
IT0004176001 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
KEY US Equity 
KEYCORP 
Equity Securities 
11,181,548,550 
US4932671088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TWLO US Equity 
TWILIO INC - A 
Equity Securities 
11,165,321,251 
US90138F1021 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JBL US Equity 
JABIL INC 
Equity Securities 
11,113,638,057 
US4663131039 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NN NA Equity 
NN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
11,113,327,138 
NL0010773842 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
83 HK Equity 
SINO LAND 
Equity Securities 
11,111,333,789 
HK0083000502 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
FGR FP Equity 
EIFFAGE 
Equity Securities 
11,109,127,686 
FR0000130452 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ACI US Equity 
ALBERTSONS COS-A 
Equity Securities 
11,083,994,661 
US0130911037 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
8TRA GR Equity 
TRATON SE 
Equity Securities 
11,060,969,588 
DE000TRAT0N7 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1177 HK Equity 
SINO BIOPHARM 
Equity Securities 
11,046,063,515 
KYG8167W1380 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
U US Equity 
UNITY SOFTWARE I 
Equity Securities 
11,033,001,111 
US91332U1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PCTY US Equity 
PAYLOCITY HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
11,032,365,615 
US70438V1061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CG US Equity 
CARLYLE GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
11,024,618,720 
US14316J1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DOCU US Equity 
DOCUSIGN INC 
Equity Securities 
10,995,736,933 
US2561631068 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KMX US Equity 
CARMAX INC 
Equity Securities 
10,981,024,199 
US1431301027 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COH AU Equity 
COCHLEAR LTD 
Equity Securities 
10,980,039,933 
AU000000COH5 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CHRW US Equity 
CH ROBINSON 
Equity Securities 
10,979,899,392 
US12541W2098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YAR NO Equity 
YARA INTERNATIONAL 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
10,962,814,976 
NO0010208051 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
836 HK Equity 
CHINA RES POWER 
Equity Securities 
10,956,921,312 
HK0836012952 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
MAS US Equity 
MASCO CORP 
Equity Securities 
10,953,879,708 
US5745991068 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ZAL GR Equity 
ZALANDO SE 
Equity Securities 
10,953,798,472 
DE000ZAL1111 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BOL SS Equity 
BOLIDEN AB 
Equity Securities 
10,934,085,571 
SE0017768716 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TTC US Equity 
TORO CO 
Equity Securities 
10,924,859,201 
US8910921084 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 131 ---
Annex I - page 21 of 162 
 
JNPR US Equity 
JUNIPER NETWORKS 
Equity Securities 
10,922,474,063 
US48203R1041 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NEXI IM Equity 
NEXI SPA 
Equity Securities 
10,914,256,896 
IT0005366767 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SCI US Equity 
SERVICE CORP INT 
Equity Securities 
10,910,427,456 
US8175651046 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CHK US Equity 
CHESAPEAKE ENERG 
Equity Securities 
10,909,611,105 
US1651677353 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KBX GR Equity 
KNORR-BREMSE AG 
Equity Securities 
10,889,588,331 
DE000KBX1006 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
XM US Equity 
QUALTRICS INT-A 
Equity Securities 
10,889,072,083 
US7476012015 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RAND NA Equity 
RANDSTAD NV 
Equity Securities 
10,841,310,522 
NL0000379121 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
NST AU Equity 
NORTHERN STAR RE 
Equity Securities 
10,839,910,418 
AU000000NST8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HSIC US Equity 
HENRY SCHEIN INC 
Equity Securities 
10,814,421,985 
US8064071025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENTG US Equity 
ENTEGRIS INC 
Equity Securities 
10,808,689,304 
US29362U1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SRPT US Equity 
SAREPTA THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
10,789,218,558 
US8036071004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CSL US Equity 
CARLISLE COS INC 
Equity Securities 
10,786,788,675 
US1423391002 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ANA SM Equity 
ACCIONA SA 
Equity Securities 
10,781,286,181 
ES0125220311 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
RYAN US Equity 
RYAN SPECIALTY H 
Equity Securities 
10,765,319,849 
US78351F1075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ODET FP Equity 
COMPAGNIE DE LO 
Equity Securities 
10,731,600,280 
FR0000062234 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
UHAL US Equity 
U-HAUL HOLDING C 
Equity Securities 
10,729,773,749 
US0235861004 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UHAL/B US Equity 
U-HAUL HOLDING C 
Equity Securities 
10,729,773,749 
US0235865062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
Z US Equity 
ZILLOW GRO-C 
Equity Securities 
10,639,006,138 
US98954M2008 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZG US Equity 
ZILLOW GROUP I-A 
Equity Securities 
10,639,006,138 
US98954M1018 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QIA GR Equity 
QIAGEN NV 
Equity Securities 
10,638,400,130 
NL0012169213 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Xetra 
2607 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI PHARM-H 
Equity Securities 
10,634,705,101 
CNE1000012B3 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TELIA SS Equity 
TELIA CO AB 
Equity Securities 
10,633,279,966 
SE0000667925 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CNA US Equity 
CNA FINL CORP 
Equity Securities 
10,624,769,733 
US1261171003 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SUN AU Equity 
SUNCORP GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
10,603,946,462 
AU000000SUN6 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PEN US Equity 
PENUMBRA INC 
Equity Securities 
10,599,233,159 
US70975L1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UTHR US Equity 
UNITED THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
10,590,114,760 
US91307C1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DIE BB Equity 
DIETEREN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
10,586,190,269 
BE0974259880 
Consumer Discretionary 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
FND US Equity 
FLOOR & DECOR-A 
Equity Securities 
10,477,118,599 
US3397501012 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RPM US Equity 
RPM INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
10,475,359,054 
US7496851038 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BAP US Equity 
CREDICORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
10,466,422,400 
BMG2519Y1084 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
CRBG US Equity 
COREBRIDGE FINAN 
Equity Securities 
10,464,636,470 
US21871X1090 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COTY US Equity 
COTY INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
10,452,824,765 
US2220702037 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IOT US Equity 
SAMSARA INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
10,445,224,806 
US79589L1061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MIN AU Equity 
MINERAL RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
10,426,514,729 
AU000000MIN4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
STER SS Equity 
STORA ENSO OYJ-R 
Equity Securities 
10,411,178,759 
FI0009007611 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Stockholm 
STEA SS Equity 
STORA ENSO OYJ-A 
Equity Securities 
10,411,077,725 
FI0009007603 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Stockholm 
STEAV FH Equity 
STORA ENSO OYJ-A 
Equity Securities 
10,410,704,572 
FI0009005953 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
STERV FH Equity 
STORA ENSO OYJ-R 
Equity Securities 
10,410,704,572 
FI0009005961 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CRL US Equity 
CHARLES RIVER LA 
Equity Securities 
10,385,241,995 
US1598641074 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RHC AU Equity 
RAMSAY HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
10,378,260,262 
AU000000RHC8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GL US Equity 
GLOBE LIFE INC 
Equity Securities 
10,354,789,723 
US37959E1029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CDAY US Equity 
CERIDIAN HCM HOL 
Equity Securities 
10,329,941,091 
US15677J1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LIFCOB SS Equity 
LIFCO AB-B 
Equity Securities 
10,326,398,626 
SE0015949201 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
968 HK Equity 
XINYI SOLAR HLDS 
Equity Securities 
10,285,406,575 
KYG9829N1025 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1378 HK Equity 
CHINA HONGQIAO 
Equity Securities 
10,260,268,154 
KYG211501005 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AFG US Equity 
AMER FINL GROUP 
Equity Securities 
10,223,811,121 
US0259321042 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CHR DC Equity 
CHR HANSEN HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
10,219,735,931 
DK0060227585 
Materials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
241 HK Equity 
ALIBABA HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
10,162,682,499 
BMG0171K1018 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AOS US Equity 
SMITH (A.O.)CORP 
Equity Securities 
10,129,446,078 
US8318652091 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 132 ---
Annex I - page 22 of 162 
 
1099 HK Equity 
SINOPHARM-H 
Equity Securities 
10,117,415,814 
CNE100000FN7 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MASI US Equity 
MASIMO CORP 
Equity Securities 
10,082,214,415 
US5747951003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ELISA FH Equity 
ELISA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
10,052,935,259 
FI0009007884 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
NWSA US Equity 
NEWS CORP-CL A 
Equity Securities 
10,044,518,909 
US65249B1098 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NWS US Equity 
NEWS CORP-CL B 
Equity Securities 
10,044,518,909 
US65249B2088 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EVK GR Equity 
EVONIK INDUSTRIE 
Equity Securities 
10,032,145,487 
DE000EVNK013 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NBIX US Equity 
NEUROCRINE BIOSC 
Equity Securities 
10,023,685,485 
US64125C1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
87 HK Equity 
SWIRE PACIF-CL B 
Equity Securities 
9,980,543,444 
HK0087000532 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
19 HK Equity 
SWIRE PACIFIC-A 
Equity Securities 
9,980,543,444 
HK0019000162 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ELI BB Equity 
ELIA GROUP SA/NV 
Equity Securities 
9,951,159,676 
BE0003822393 
Utilities 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
TPR US Equity 
TAPESTRY INC 
Equity Securities 
9,945,866,460 
US8760301072 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARCC US Equity 
ARES CAPITAL COR 
Equity Securities 
9,938,604,710 
US04010L1035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GALP PL Equity 
GALP ENERGIA 
Equity Securities 
9,934,544,535 
PTGAL0AM0009 
Energy 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
MTCH US Equity 
MATCH GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
9,876,892,750 
US57667L1070 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTN US Equity 
VAIL RESORTS 
Equity Securities 
9,874,103,094 
US91879Q1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BJ US Equity 
BJS WHOLESALE C 
Equity Securities 
9,871,373,245 
US05550J1016 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EMN US Equity 
EASTMAN CHEMICAL 
Equity Securities 
9,867,011,231 
US2774321002 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FHN US Equity 
FIRST HORIZON CO 
Equity Securities 
9,860,491,977 
US3205171057 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PAG US Equity 
PENSKE AUTOMOTIV 
Equity Securities 
9,853,397,235 
US70959W1036 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IPN FP Equity 
IPSEN 
Equity Securities 
9,814,408,232 
FR0010259150 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FLEX US Equity 
FLEX LTD 
Equity Securities 
9,779,436,427 
SG9999000020 
Information Technology 
Singapore 
Singapore 
NASDAQ 
HLE GR Equity 
HELLA GMBH & CO 
Equity Securities 
9,773,333,048 
DE000A13SX22 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AGN NA Equity 
AEGON NV 
Equity Securities 
9,758,395,474 
NL0000303709 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
MOCORP FH Equity 
METSO OUTOTEC OY 
Equity Securities 
9,748,012,977 
FI0009014575 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MOWI NO Equity 
MOWI ASA 
Equity Securities 
9,744,890,880 
NO0003054108 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
9868 HK Equity 
XPENG INC-A SHRS 
Equity Securities 
9,732,311,329 
KYG982AW1003 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ONON US Equity 
ON HOLDING AG-A 
Equity Securities 
9,720,333,407 
CH1134540470 
Consumer Discretionary 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
MANH US Equity 
MANHATTAN ASSOC 
Equity Securities 
9,702,081,418 
US5627501092 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RCO FP Equity 
REMY COINTREAU 
Equity Securities 
9,685,252,118 
FR0000130395 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
O2D GR Equity 
TELEFONICA DEUTS 
Equity Securities 
9,684,018,879 
DE000A1J5RX9 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
RGEN US Equity 
REPLIGEN CORP 
Equity Securities 
9,683,768,131 
US7599161095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RED SM Equity 
RED ELECTRICA 
Equity Securities 
9,673,357,540 
ES0173093024 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
FNF US Equity 
FIDELITY NATIONA 
Equity Securities 
9,641,568,929 
US31620R3030 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6178 HK Equity 
EVERBRIGHT SEC-H 
Equity Securities 
9,609,415,819 
CNE1000029M4 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
322 HK Equity 
TINGYI 
Equity Securities 
9,603,322,508 
KYG8878S1030 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ADE NO Equity 
ADEVINTA ASA 
Equity Securities 
9,590,464,512 
NO0010844038 
Communication Services 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ORG AU Equity 
ORIGIN ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
9,577,085,191 
AU000000ORG5 
Utilities 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CHDN US Equity 
CHURCHILL DOWNS 
Equity Securities 
9,569,917,184 
US1714841087 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DHER GR Equity 
DELIVERY HERO SE 
Equity Securities 
9,525,706,143 
DE000A2E4K43 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
UHS US Equity 
UNIVERSAL HLTH-B 
Equity Securities 
9,509,953,879 
US9139031002 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OSH US Equity 
OAK STREET HEALT 
Equity Securities 
9,486,942,734 
US67181A1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SWAV US Equity 
SHOCKWAVE MEDICA 
Equity Securities 
9,482,961,358 
US82489T1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6865 HK Equity 
FLAT GLASS GRO-H 
Equity Securities 
9,478,799,372 
CNE100002375 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ACS SM Equity 
ACS 
Equity Securities 
9,471,925,492 
ES0167050915 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
2727 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI ELECT-H 
Equity Securities 
9,453,369,436 
CNE100000437 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
AGCO US Equity 
AGCO CORP 
Equity Securities 
9,420,890,816 
US0010841023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PUM GR Equity 
PUMA SE 
Equity Securities 
9,420,096,617 
DE0006969603 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PFGC US Equity 
PERFORMANCE FOOD 
Equity Securities 
9,415,263,889 
US71377A1034 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XRO AU Equity 
XERO LTD 
Equity Securities 
9,392,999,032 
NZXROE0001S2 
Information Technology 
New Zealand 
New Zealand 
ASE

--- Page 133 ---
Annex I - page 23 of 162 
 
DAR US Equity 
DARLING INGREDIE 
Equity Securities 
9,380,797,241 
US2372661015 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FBK IM Equity 
FINECOBANK SPA 
Equity Securities 
9,377,225,728 
IT0000072170 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
OVV US Equity 
OVINTIV INC 
Equity Securities 
9,372,378,736 
US69047Q1022 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CZR US Equity 
CAESARS ENTERTAI 
Equity Securities 
9,366,814,304 
US12769G1004 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PKO PW Equity 
PKOBP 
Equity Securities 
9,349,448,843 
PLPKO0000016 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
QRVO US Equity 
QORVO INC 
Equity Securities 
9,347,632,272 
US74736K1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VST US Equity 
VISTRA CORP 
Equity Securities 
9,341,783,994 
US92840M1027 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARMK US Equity 
ARAMARK 
Equity Securities 
9,302,911,160 
US03852U1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APLS US Equity 
APELLIS PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
9,291,433,795 
US03753U1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RGLD US Equity 
ROYAL GOLD INC 
Equity Securities 
9,284,947,774 
US7802871084 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALO FP Equity 
ALSTOM 
Equity Securities 
9,261,351,454 
FR0010220475 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TOST US Equity 
TOAST INC-A 
Equity Securities 
9,256,408,687 
US8887871080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CPU AU Equity 
COMPUTERSHARE LT 
Equity Securities 
9,233,733,616 
AU000000CPU5 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DWNI GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE WOHNEN 
Equity Securities 
9,216,249,369 
DE000A0HN5C6 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
JAZZ US Equity 
JAZZ PHARMACEUTI 
Equity Securities 
9,215,989,694 
IE00B4Q5ZN47 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
GET FP Equity 
GETLINK SE 
Equity Securities 
9,203,914,157 
FR0010533075 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RGA US Equity 
REINSURANCE GROU 
Equity Securities 
9,185,961,485 
US7593516047 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LECO US Equity 
LINCOLN ELECTRIC 
Equity Securities 
9,157,997,412 
US5339001068 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CCK US Equity 
CROWN HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
9,144,954,399 
US2283681060 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REC IM Equity 
RECORDATI INDUSTRIA 
CHIMICA 
Equity Securities 
9,143,460,864 
IT0003828271 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ASX AU Equity 
ASX LTD 
Equity Securities 
9,136,279,679 
AU000000ASX7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TPG US Equity 
TPG INC 
Equity Securities 
9,116,696,902 
US8726571016 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AC FP Equity 
ACCOR SA 
Equity Securities 
9,115,692,641 
FR0000120404 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
358 HK Equity 
JIANGXI COPPER-H 
Equity Securities 
9,090,840,675 
CNE1000003K3 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
IMCD NA Equity 
IMCD NV 
Equity Securities 
9,082,298,486 
NL0010801007 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
EQH US Equity 
EQUITABLE HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
9,080,597,507 
US29452E1010 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SCAA SS Equity 
SVENSKA CELL-A 
Equity Securities 
9,072,929,845 
SE0000171886 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SCAB SS Equity 
SVENSKA CELL-B 
Equity Securities 
9,072,753,758 
SE0000112724 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DNP PW Equity 
DINO POLSKA SA 
Equity Securities 
9,068,183,348 
PLDINPL00011 
Consumer Staples 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DEMANT DC Equity 
DEMANT A/S 
Equity Securities 
9,057,392,975 
DK0060738599 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
MB IM Equity 
MEDIOBANCA SPA 
Equity Securities 
9,039,766,528 
IT0000062957 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PATH US Equity 
UIPATH INC -CL A 
Equity Securities 
9,030,249,149 
US90364P1057 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALLE US Equity 
ALLEGION PLC 
Equity Securities 
9,027,499,861 
IE00BFRT3W74 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
9626 HK Equity 
BILIBILI INC-Z 
Equity Securities 
9,006,801,811 
KYG1098A1013 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3759 HK Equity 
PHARMARON BEIJ-H 
Equity Securities 
8,991,933,436 
CNE100003PG4 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
KNX US Equity 
KNIGHT-SWIFT TRA 
Equity Securities 
8,979,488,884 
US4990491049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BEIJB SS Equity 
BEIJER REF AB 
Equity Securities 
8,970,112,352 
SE0015949748 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HOOD US Equity 
ROBINHOOD MARK-A 
Equity Securities 
8,960,459,490 
US7707001027 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZI US Equity 
ZOOMINFO TECH 
Equity Securities 
8,950,713,996 
US98980F1049 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DINO US Equity 
HF SINCLAIR CORP 
Equity Securities 
8,950,390,952 
US4039491000 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OC US Equity 
OWENS CORNING 
Equity Securities 
8,947,930,191 
US6907421019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LBTYA US Equity 
LIBERTY GLOBAL-A 
Equity Securities 
8,947,792,566 
GB00B8W67662 
Communication Services 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
LBTYB US Equity 
LIBERTY GLOBAL-B 
Equity Securities 
8,947,792,566 
GB00B8W67779 
Communication Services 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
LBTYK US Equity 
LIBERTY GLOBAL-C 
Equity Securities 
8,947,792,566 
GB00B8W67B19 
Communication Services 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
2883 HK Equity 
CHINA OILFIELD-H 
Equity Securities 
8,947,490,183 
CNE1000002P4 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CLF US Equity 
CLEVELAND-CLIFFS 
Equity Securities 
8,941,289,926 
US1858991011 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SKFA SS Equity 
SKF AB-A 
Equity Securities 
8,935,421,617 
SE0000108201 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SKFB SS Equity 
SKF AB- B SHARES 
Equity Securities 
8,934,642,035 
SE0000108227 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 134 ---
Annex I - page 24 of 162 
 
SNX US Equity 
TD SYNNEX CORP 
Equity Securities 
8,905,416,303 
US87162W1009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PNW US Equity 
PINNACLE WEST 
Equity Securities 
8,887,976,621 
US7234841010 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2016 HK Equity 
CHINA ZHESHANG-H 
Equity Securities 
8,870,500,573 
CNE1000025S9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
XRAY US Equity 
DENTSPLY SIRONA 
Equity Securities 
8,862,142,555 
US24906P1093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MORN US Equity 
MORNINGSTAR INC 
Equity Securities 
8,857,515,434 
US6177001095 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALGM US Equity 
ALLEGRO MICROSYS 
Equity Securities 
8,849,831,771 
US01749D1054 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LII US Equity 
LENNOX INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
8,848,805,084 
US5261071071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BKI US Equity 
BLACK KNIGHT 
Equity Securities 
8,821,124,334 
US09215C1053 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RNR US Equity 
RENAISSANCERE 
Equity Securities 
8,808,224,109 
BMG7496G1033 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
KESKOA FH Equity 
KESKO OYJ-A 
Equity Securities 
8,806,024,647 
FI0009007900 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
KESKOB FH Equity 
KESKO OYJ-B 
Equity Securities 
8,805,223,624 
FI0009000202 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
PNDORA DC Equity 
PANDORA A/S 
Equity Securities 
8,794,439,073 
DK0060252690 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
WSC US Equity 
WILLSCOT MOBILE 
Equity Securities 
8,774,713,206 
US9713781048 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VFC US Equity 
VF CORP 
Equity Securities 
8,737,005,943 
US9182041080 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PNR US Equity 
PENTAIR PLC 
Equity Securities 
8,731,934,400 
IE00BLS09M33 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
RRX US Equity 
REGAL REXNORD CO 
Equity Securities 
8,723,305,248 
US7587501039 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3898 HK Equity 
CRRC TIMES ELEC 
Equity Securities 
8,669,743,585 
CNE1000004X4 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
O5G GR Equity 
CPI PROPERTY GRO 
Equity Securities 
8,663,048,180 
LU0251710041 
Real Estate 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
DKNG US Equity 
DRAFTKINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
8,653,235,942 
US26142V1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ROKU US Equity 
ROKU INC 
Equity Securities 
8,647,548,959 
US77543R1023 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENX FP Equity 
EURONEXT NV 
Equity Securities 
8,602,613,877 
NL0006294274 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Paris 
1138 HK Equity 
COSCO SHIP ENG-H 
Equity Securities 
8,578,442,240 
CNE1000002S8 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
USFD US Equity 
US FOODS HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
8,570,516,067 
US9120081099 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
101 HK Equity 
HANG LUNG PPT 
Equity Securities 
8,517,180,541 
HK0101000591 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SAABB SS Equity 
SAAB AB-B 
Equity Securities 
8,488,555,100 
SE0000112385 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CGNX US Equity 
COGNEX CORP 
Equity Securities 
8,477,302,460 
US1924221039 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGS BB Equity 
AGEAS 
Equity Securities 
8,454,940,293 
BE0974264930 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
2076 HK Equity 
KANZHUN LTD 
Equity Securities 
8,448,061,504 
KYG5224V1032 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WCH GR Equity 
WACKER CHEMIE AG 
Equity Securities 
8,443,577,336 
DE000WCH8881 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CASY US Equity 
CASEYS GENERAL 
Equity Securities 
8,438,082,255 
US1475281036 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CHE US Equity 
CHEMED CORP 
Equity Securities 
8,431,837,759 
US16359R1032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GJF NO Equity 
GJENSIDIGE FORSIKRING 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
8,393,251,840 
NO0010582521 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
HII US Equity 
HUNTINGTON INGAL 
Equity Securities 
8,382,410,163 
US4464131063 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
G US Equity 
GENPACT LTD 
Equity Securities 
8,351,056,500 
BMG3922B1072 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
AAL US Equity 
AMERICAN AIRLINE 
Equity Securities 
8,349,522,920 
US02376R1023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2007 HK Equity 
COUNTRY GARDEN 
Equity Securities 
8,344,270,372 
KYG245241032 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CTLT US Equity 
CATALENT INC 
Equity Securities 
8,341,791,173 
US1488061029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EDV AU Equity 
ENDEAVOUR GROUP 
Equity Securities 
8,321,050,870 
AU0000154833 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CROX US Equity 
CROCS INC 
Equity Securities 
8,293,257,608 
US2270461096 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UMI BB Equity 
UMICORE 
Equity Securities 
8,281,926,268 
BE0974320526 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
BBWI US Equity 
BATH & BODY WORK 
Equity Securities 
8,279,047,005 
US0708301041 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UWMC US Equity 
UWM HOLDINGS COR 
Equity Securities 
8,262,989,706 
US91823B1098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FDJ FP Equity 
LA FRANCAISE DES 
Equity Securities 
8,261,576,722 
FR0013451333 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
NEM GR Equity 
NEMETSCHEK SE 
Equity Securities 
8,251,956,098 
DE0006452907 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SAGAA SS Equity 
SAGAX AB-A 
Equity Securities 
8,245,230,798 
SE0004635878 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SAGAD SS Equity 
SAGAX AB-D 
Equity Securities 
8,245,150,783 
SE0009161052 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SAGAB SS Equity 
SAGAX AB-B 
Equity Securities 
8,244,830,739 
SE0005127818 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
INDT SS Equity 
INDUTRADE AB 
Equity Securities 
8,243,879,541 
SE0001515552 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 135 ---
Annex I - page 25 of 162 
 
G1A GR Equity 
GEA GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
8,204,397,877 
DE0006602006 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DLB US Equity 
DOLBY LABORATO-A 
Equity Securities 
8,199,477,929 
US25659T1079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NRG US Equity 
NRG ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
8,178,222,580 
US6293775085 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RAA GR Equity 
RATIONAL AG 
Equity Securities 
8,150,857,077 
DE0007010803 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AMP IM Equity 
AMPLIFON SPA 
Equity Securities 
8,147,565,568 
IT0004056880 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
OTP HB Equity 
OTP BANK PLC 
Equity Securities 
8,142,306,577 
HU0000061726 
Financials 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
1071 HK Equity 
HUADIAN POWER-H 
Equity Securities 
8,135,906,744 
CNE1000003D8 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WEX US Equity 
WEX INC 
Equity Securities 
8,134,404,002 
US96208T1043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RHI US Equity 
ROBERT HALF INTL 
Equity Securities 
8,122,287,209 
US7703231032 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RTL LX Equity 
RTL GROUP 
Equity Securities 
8,116,402,405 
LU0061462528 
Communication Services 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
3969 HK Equity 
CHINA RAILWAY -H 
Equity Securities 
8,115,133,754 
CNE1000021L3 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1193 HK Equity 
CHINA RES GAS 
Equity Securities 
8,106,518,023 
BMG2113B1081 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SOBI SS Equity 
SWEDISH ORPHAN B 
Equity Securities 
8,106,221,619 
SE0000872095 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IAG AU Equity 
INSURANCE AUSTRA 
Equity Securities 
8,092,755,271 
AU000000IAG3 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
QAN AU Equity 
QANTAS AIRWAYS 
Equity Securities 
8,075,322,595 
AU000000QAN2 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALLY US Equity 
ALLY FINANCIAL I 
Equity Securities 
8,073,762,516 
US02005N1000 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BILL US Equity 
BILL HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
8,033,171,823 
US0900431000 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PSTG US Equity 
PURE STORAGE-A 
Equity Securities 
8,024,580,091 
US74624M1027 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FFIV US Equity 
F5 INC 
Equity Securities 
8,010,159,129 
US3156161024 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LEA US Equity 
LEAR CORP 
Equity Securities 
8,001,492,304 
US5218652049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6821 HK Equity 
ASYMCHEM LABOR-H 
Equity Securities 
7,951,028,490 
CNE100004Z06 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1801 HK Equity 
INNOVENT BIOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
7,929,906,236 
KYG4818G1010 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RL US Equity 
RALPH LAUREN COR 
Equity Securities 
7,922,143,556 
US7512121010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SOF BB Equity 
SOFINA 
Equity Securities 
7,915,685,030 
BE0003717312 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
6969 HK Equity 
SMOORE INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
7,913,976,561 
KYG8245V1023 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UNM US Equity 
UNUM GROUP 
Equity Securities 
7,909,133,124 
US91529Y1064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1072 HK Equity 
DONGFANG ELECT-H 
Equity Securities 
7,906,528,446 
CNE100000304 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ALV US Equity 
AUTOLIV INC 
Equity Securities 
7,885,184,093 
US0528001094 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CLH US Equity 
CLEAN HARBORS 
Equity Securities 
7,876,710,706 
US1844961078 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REH AU Equity 
REECE LTD 
Equity Securities 
7,876,242,328 
AU000000REH4 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALE PW Equity 
ALLEGRO.EU SA 
Equity Securities 
7,874,245,890 
LU2237380790 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Warsaw 
FDSVP BB Equity 
SOC FIN SUCRES 
Equity Securities 
7,855,542,271 
BE0012544319 
N/A 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
WSM US Equity 
WILLIAMS-SONOMA 
Equity Securities 
7,847,384,039 
US9699041011 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1COV GR Equity 
COVESTRO AG 
Equity Securities 
7,846,920,104 
DE0006062144 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SPL PW Equity 
SANTANDER BANK 
Equity Securities 
7,837,428,870 
PLBZ00000044 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
868 HK Equity 
XINYI GLASS 
Equity Securities 
7,829,131,531 
KYG9828G1082 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
151 HK Equity 
WANT WANT CHINA 
Equity Securities 
7,825,624,736 
KYG9431R1039 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SEIC US Equity 
SEI INVESTMENTS 
Equity Securities 
7,799,397,967 
US7841171033 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DBX US Equity 
DROPBOX INC-A 
Equity Securities 
7,797,730,314 
US26210C1045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATR US Equity 
APTARGROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
7,793,883,060 
US0383361039 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WWE US Equity 
WORLD WRESTLIN-A 
Equity Securities 
7,793,765,350 
US98156Q1085 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1585 HK Equity 
YADEA GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
7,759,123,784 
KYG9830F1063 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
874 HK Equity 
BAIYUNSHAN PH-H 
Equity Securities 
7,756,535,727 
CNE100000387 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
IVZ US Equity 
INVESCO LTD 
Equity Securities 
7,744,665,440 
BMG491BT1088 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
1066 HK Equity 
SHANDONG WEIG-H 
Equity Securities 
7,742,792,676 
CNE100000171 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SOL AU Equity 
WASHINGTON H. SO 
Equity Securities 
7,702,004,599 
AU000000SOL3 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SSABA SS Equity 
SSAB-A 
Equity Securities 
7,698,167,426 
SE0000171100 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SSABB SS Equity 
SSAB-B 
Equity Securities 
7,698,167,426 
SE0000120669 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KBR US Equity 
KBR INC 
Equity Securities 
7,695,069,672 
US48242W1062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 136 ---
Annex I - page 26 of 162 
 
SKX US Equity 
SKECHERS USA-A 
Equity Securities 
7,686,540,824 
US8305661055 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WRK US Equity 
WESTROCK CO 
Equity Securities 
7,685,390,811 
US96145D1054 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DCI US Equity 
DONALDSON CO INC 
Equity Securities 
7,674,354,076 
US2576511099 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PLS AU Equity 
PILBARA MINERALS 
Equity Securities 
7,648,891,948 
AU000000PLS0 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NATI US Equity 
NATL INSTRUMENTS 
Equity Securities 
7,643,882,128 
US6365181022 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
288 HK Equity 
WH GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
7,632,852,274 
KYG960071028 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KOG NO Equity 
KONGSBERG GRUPPEN 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
7,629,486,592 
NO0003043309 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CIEN US Equity 
CIENA CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,628,030,536 
US1717793095 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INSP US Equity 
INSPIRE MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
7,610,611,962 
US4577301090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GPK US Equity 
GRAPHIC PACKAGIN 
Equity Securities 
7,604,343,988 
US3886891015 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TTEK US Equity 
TETRA TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
7,599,095,865 
US88162G1031 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OGE US Equity 
OGE ENERGY CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,598,886,731 
US6708371033 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DVA US Equity 
DAVITA INC 
Equity Securities 
7,589,984,000 
US23918K1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PZU PW Equity 
PZU 
Equity Securities 
7,575,983,491 
PLPZU0000011 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
US IM Equity 
UNIPOLSAI 
ASSICURAZIONI SPA 
Equity Securities 
7,548,726,272 
IT0004827447 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TRELB SS Equity 
TRELLEBORG-B 
Equity Securities 
7,547,284,904 
SE0000114837 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ALTTU FP Equity 
TATATU SPA 
Equity Securities 
7,532,627,984 
IT0005507857 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
EN Paris 
IRDM US Equity 
IRIDIUM COMMUNIC 
Equity Securities 
7,522,246,762 
US46269C1027 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TLC AU Equity 
LOTTERY CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
7,501,803,364 
AU0000219529 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1157 HK Equity 
ZOOMLION HEAVY-H 
Equity Securities 
7,490,925,706 
CNE100000X85 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ORI US Equity 
OLD REPUB INTL 
Equity Securities 
7,479,150,599 
US6802231042 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MIDD US Equity 
MIDDLEBY CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,462,779,652 
US5962781010 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1821 HK Equity 
ESR GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
7,459,652,928 
KYG319891092 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FBIN US Equity 
FORTUNE BRANDS I 
Equity Securities 
7,450,741,136 
US34964C1062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AKE FP Equity 
ARKEMA 
Equity Securities 
7,439,132,306 
FR0010313833 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EME US Equity 
EMCOR GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
7,435,008,016 
US29084Q1004 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OLN US Equity 
OLIN CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,434,681,695 
US6806652052 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NOV US Equity 
NOV INC 
Equity Securities 
7,409,952,021 
US62955J1034 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EWBC US Equity 
EAST WEST BNCRP 
Equity Securities 
7,401,283,426 
US27579R1041 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TXRH US Equity 
TEXAS ROADHOUS 
Equity Securities 
7,366,770,545 
US8826811098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCOR US Equity 
PROCORE TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
7,363,276,095 
US74275K1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WHR US Equity 
WHIRLPOOL CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,355,111,970 
US9633201069 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AAP US Equity 
ADVANCE AUTO PAR 
Equity Securities 
7,346,002,354 
US00751Y1064 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XP US Equity 
XP INC - CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
7,340,932,139 
KYG982391099 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
VOYA US Equity 
VOYA FINANCIAL I 
Equity Securities 
7,337,985,682 
US9290891004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KBHL DC Equity 
KOBENHAVNS LUFTH 
Equity Securities 
7,296,759,273 
DK0010201102 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
CACI US Equity 
CACI INTL-A 
Equity Securities 
7,254,605,523 
US1271903049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HAS US Equity 
HASBRO INC 
Equity Securities 
7,242,720,507 
US4180561072 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UGI US Equity 
UGI CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,240,193,797 
US9026811052 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LDO IM Equity 
LEONARDO SPA 
Equity Securities 
7,235,915,776 
IT0003856405 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CFLT US Equity 
CONFLUENT INC-A 
Equity Securities 
7,234,568,895 
US20717M1036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JEF US Equity 
JEFFERIES FINANC 
Equity Securities 
7,229,749,655 
US47233W1099 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
384 HK Equity 
CHINA GAS HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
7,221,531,537 
BMG2109G1033 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ST US Equity 
SENSATA TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
7,218,916,981 
GB00BFMBMT84 
Industrials 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
KNSL US Equity 
KINSALE CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
7,209,885,576 
US49714P1084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AA US Equity 
ALCOA CORP 
Equity Securities 
7,205,313,538 
US0138721065 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OCI NA Equity 
OCI NV 
Equity Securities 
7,121,931,723 
NL0010558797 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam

--- Page 137 ---
Annex I - page 27 of 162 
 
TEL2A SS Equity 
TELE2 AB-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
7,098,443,758 
SE0005190220 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TEL2B SS Equity 
TELE2 AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
7,098,168,224 
SE0005190238 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
STVN US Equity 
STEVANATO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
7,096,593,086 
IT0005452658 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
New York 
NVT US Equity 
NVENT ELECTRIC 
Equity Securities 
7,093,860,169 
IE00BDVJJQ56 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
135 HK Equity 
KUNLUN ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
7,081,556,275 
BMG5320C1082 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
4 HK Equity 
WHARF HLDG 
Equity Securities 
7,077,616,077 
HK0004000045 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BERY US Equity 
BERRY GLOBAL GRO 
Equity Securities 
7,071,550,000 
US08579W1036 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3800 HK Equity 
GCL TECHNOLOGY H 
Equity Securities 
7,071,210,581 
KYG3774X1088 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AR US Equity 
ANTERO RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
7,053,507,306 
US03674X1063 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WCC US Equity 
WESCO INTL 
Equity Securities 
7,043,102,060 
US95082P1057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAR US Equity 
AVIS BUDGET GROU 
Equity Securities 
7,018,650,000 
US0537741052 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HESM US Equity 
HESS MIDSTREAM-A 
Equity Securities 
7,013,227,216 
US4281031058 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORK NO Equity 
ORKLA ASA 
Equity Securities 
7,012,228,608 
NO0003733800 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
HOT GR Equity 
HOCHTIEF AG 
Equity Securities 
6,997,828,479 
DE0006070006 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
WOLF US Equity 
WOLFSPEED INC 
Equity Securities 
6,995,950,366 
US9778521024 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AUTO NO Equity 
AUTOSTORE HOLDINGS 
LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,989,523,968 
BMG0670A1099 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
BMED IM Equity 
BANCA MEDIOLANUM SPA 
Equity Securities 
6,968,071,168 
IT0004776628 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MTZ US Equity 
MASTEC INC 
Equity Securities 
6,964,347,539 
US5763231090 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SAIA US Equity 
SAIA INC 
Equity Securities 
6,936,440,982 
US78709Y1055 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6660 HK Equity 
AIM VACCINE CO L 
Equity Securities 
6,934,859,877 
CNE100005KF2 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
INGR US Equity 
INGREDION INC 
Equity Securities 
6,932,258,004 
US4571871023 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FCN US Equity 
FTI CONSULTING 
Equity Securities 
6,923,138,420 
US3029411093 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RXL FP Equity 
REXEL SA 
Equity Securities 
6,922,259,603 
FR0010451203 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TWE AU Equity 
TREASURY WINE ES 
Equity Securities 
6,920,785,885 
AU000000TWE9 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ACHC US Equity 
ACADIA HEALTHCAR 
Equity Securities 
6,916,169,016 
US00404A1097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ORNAV FH Equity 
ORION OYJ-CL A 
Equity Securities 
6,910,092,755 
FI0009014369 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ORNBV FH Equity 
ORION OYJ-CL B 
Equity Securities 
6,910,092,755 
FI0009014377 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
991 HK Equity 
DATANG INTL PO-H 
Equity Securities 
6,909,661,930 
CNE1000002Z3 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GETIB SS Equity 
GETINGE AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
6,907,828,516 
SE0000202624 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SKAB SS Equity 
SKANSKA AB-B 
Equity Securities 
6,903,502,836 
SE0000113250 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BESI NA Equity 
BE SEMICONDUCTOR 
Equity Securities 
6,896,770,554 
NL0012866412 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
ALD FP Equity 
ALD SA 
Equity Securities 
6,885,946,379 
FR0013258662 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
IGO AU Equity 
IGO LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,884,137,001 
AU000000IGO4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CBSH US Equity 
COMMERCE BCSHS 
Equity Securities 
6,881,579,909 
US2005251036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AXTA US Equity 
AXALTA COATING S 
Equity Securities 
6,879,138,800 
BMG0750C1082 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
OLED US Equity 
UNIVERSAL DISPLA 
Equity Securities 
6,875,972,029 
US91347P1057 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ITT US Equity 
ITT INC 
Equity Securities 
6,869,062,000 
US45073V1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ANDR AV Equity 
ANDRITZ AG 
Equity Securities 
6,866,597,144 
AT0000730007 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
ARW US Equity 
ARROW ELECTRONIC 
Equity Securities 
6,860,511,525 
US0427351004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PLNT US Equity 
PLANET FITNESS-A 
Equity Securities 
6,846,157,269 
US72703H1014 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GME US Equity 
GAMESTOP CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
6,843,010,360 
US36467W1099 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6186 HK Equity 
CHINA FEIHE LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,838,819,815 
KYG2121Q1055 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KRTX US Equity 
KARUNA THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
6,826,004,711 
US48576A1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
17 HK Equity 
NEW WORLD DEV 
Equity Securities 
6,812,629,009 
HK0000608585 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1877 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI JUNSH-H 
Equity Securities 
6,810,796,743 
CNE100003FF7 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
285 HK Equity 
BYD ELECTRONIC 
Equity Securities 
6,802,755,223 
HK0285041858 
Information Technology 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SNP RO Equity 
OMV PETROM SA 
Equity Securities 
6,779,394,258 
ROSNPPACNOR9 
Energy 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
CFR US Equity 
CULLEN/FROST 
Equity Securities 
6,770,944,725 
US2298991090 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 138 ---
Annex I - page 28 of 162 
 
KOMB CP Equity 
KOMERCNI BANKA 
Equity Securities 
6,752,566,262 
CZ0008019106 
Financials 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
BAMI IM Equity 
BANCO BPM SPA 
Equity Securities 
6,749,395,456 
IT0005218380 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
GLOB US Equity 
GLOBANT SA 
Equity Securities 
6,742,452,979 
LU0974299876 
Information Technology 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
DWS GR Equity 
DWS GROUP GMBH & 
Equity Securities 
6,733,337,749 
DE000DWS1007 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SEE US Equity 
SEALED AIR CORP 
Equity Securities 
6,729,793,846 
US81211K1007 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CW US Equity 
CURTISS-WRIGHT 
Equity Securities 
6,709,027,382 
US2315611010 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HTO GA Equity 
HELLENIC TELECOM 
Equity Securities 
6,684,935,162 
GRS260333000 
Communication Services 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
CELH US Equity 
CELSIUS HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
6,667,361,488 
US15118V2079 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BYD US Equity 
BOYD GAMING CORP 
Equity Securities 
6,652,023,466 
US1033041013 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TOL US Equity 
TOLL BROTHERS 
Equity Securities 
6,645,087,330 
US8894781033 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
THC US Equity 
TENET HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
6,624,293,587 
US88033G4073 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
270 HK Equity 
GUANGDONG INVEST 
Equity Securities 
6,621,190,331 
HK0270001396 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
WMS US Equity 
ADVANCED DRAINAG 
Equity Securities 
6,617,273,497 
US00790R1041 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NVCR US Equity 
NOVOCURE LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,614,148,451 
JE00BYSS4X48 
Health Care 
Jersey 
Jersey 
NASDAQ 
BC IM Equity 
BRUNELLO CUCINELLI SPA
Equity Securities 
6,608,602,624 
IT0004764699 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
DOCS US Equity 
DOXIMITY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
6,607,241,888 
US26622P1075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MAP SM Equity 
MAPFRE SA 
Equity Securities 
6,592,481,054 
ES0124244E34 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
9901 HK Equity 
NEW ORIENTAL EDU 
Equity Securities 
6,591,930,397 
KYG6470A1168 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NXST US Equity 
NEXSTAR MEDIA 
Equity Securities 
6,564,509,895 
US65336K1034 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TIT IM Equity 
TELECOM ITALIA SPA 
Equity Securities 
6,560,916,992 
IT0003497168 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RRC US Equity 
RANGE RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
6,559,225,881 
US75281A1097 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NYT US Equity 
NEW YORK TIMES-A 
Equity Securities 
6,559,105,673 
US6501111073 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TPG AU Equity 
TPG TELECOM LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,530,008,947 
AU0000090128 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MOL HB Equity 
MOL 
Equity Securities 
6,515,666,037 
HU0000153937 
Energy 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
ASRNL NA Equity 
ASR NEDERLAND NV 
Equity Securities 
6,511,968,302 
NL0011872643 
Financials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
LSTR US Equity 
LANDSTAR SYSTEM 
Equity Securities 
6,511,836,494 
US5150981018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2066 HK Equity 
SHENGJINGBANK-H 
Equity Securities 
6,510,747,075 
CNE100001TK2 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MPL AU Equity 
MEDIBANK PRIVATE 
Equity Securities 
6,508,613,051 
AU000000MPL3 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
WBS US Equity 
WEBSTER FINL 
Equity Securities 
6,507,748,175 
US9478901096 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TPX US Equity 
TEMPUR SEALY INT 
Equity Securities 
6,505,354,258 
US88023U1016 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SK FP Equity 
SEB SA 
Equity Securities 
6,498,125,941 
FR0000121709 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PRI US Equity 
PRIMERICA INC 
Equity Securities 
6,497,263,816 
US74164M1080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6098 HK Equity 
COUNTRY GARDEN S 
Equity Securities 
6,488,518,973 
KYG2453A1085 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3323 HK Equity 
CHINA NATL BDG-H 
Equity Securities 
6,479,275,989 
CNE1000002N9 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
VMI US Equity 
VALMONT INDS 
Equity Securities 
6,469,692,015 
US9202531011 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GRF SM Equity 
GRIFOLS SA 
Equity Securities 
6,450,984,492 
ES0171996087 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
GNTX US Equity 
GENTEX CORP 
Equity Securities 
6,442,231,608 
US3719011096 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAB SM Equity 
BANCO SABADELL 
Equity Securities 
6,428,134,509 
ES0113860A34 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SF US Equity 
STIFEL FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
6,411,660,686 
US8606301021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2208 HK Equity 
XINJIANG GOLD-H 
Equity Securities 
6,401,481,834 
CNE100000PP1 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BLD US Equity 
TOPBUILD COR 
Equity Securities 
6,387,056,357 
US89055F1030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JLL US Equity 
JONES LANG LASAL 
Equity Securities 
6,381,061,612 
US48020Q1076 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
293 HK Equity 
CATHAY PAC AIR 
Equity Securities 
6,379,879,878 
HK0293001514 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
PR US Equity 
PERMIAN RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
6,373,587,387 
US71424F1057 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GWRE US Equity 
GUIDEWIRE SOFTWA 
Equity Securities 
6,358,125,746 
US40171V1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADT US Equity 
ADT INC 
Equity Securities 
6,355,119,113 
US00090Q1031 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OZL AU Equity 
OZ MINERALS LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,347,979,604 
AU000000OZL8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
RCM US Equity 
R1 RCM INC 
Equity Securities 
6,339,121,497 
US77634L1052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HOLMA SS Equity 
HOLMEN AB-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
6,327,646,853 
SE0011090000 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 139 ---
Annex I - page 29 of 162 
 
HOLMB SS Equity 
HOLMEN AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
6,327,646,853 
SE0011090018 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AN US Equity 
AUTONATION INC 
Equity Securities 
6,326,363,346 
US05329W1027 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LFUS US Equity 
LITTELFUSE INC 
Equity Securities 
6,323,979,074 
US5370081045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CHH US Equity 
CHOICE HOTELS 
Equity Securities 
6,316,426,800 
US1699051066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1308 HK Equity 
SITC 
Equity Securities 
6,315,283,664 
KYG8187G1055 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RBC US Equity 
RBC BEARINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
6,310,235,631 
US75524B1044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EXEL US Equity 
EXELIXIS INC 
Equity Securities 
6,306,739,578 
US30161Q1040 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SALM NO Equity 
SALMAR ASA 
Equity Securities 
6,299,652,608 
NO0010310956 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1347 HK Equity 
HUA HONG SEMI 
Equity Securities 
6,296,720,781 
HK0000218211 
Information Technology 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
GNRC US Equity 
GENERAC HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
6,295,811,306 
US3687361044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MTDR US Equity 
MATADOR RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
6,287,000,280 
US5764852050 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6963 HK Equity 
SUNSHINE INSURAN 
Equity Securities 
6,270,973,866 
CNE100005MM4 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
VOE AV Equity 
VOESTALPINE AG 
Equity Securities 
6,270,294,629 
AT0000937503 
Materials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
NYCB US Equity 
NY COMM BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
6,268,264,578 
US6494451031 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MAT US Equity 
MATTEL INC 
Equity Securities 
6,268,073,788 
US5770811025 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CWEN/A US Equity 
CLEARWAY ENERG-A 
Equity Securities 
6,264,048,130 
US18539C1053 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CWEN US Equity 
CLEARWAY ENERG-C 
Equity Securities 
6,264,048,130 
US18539C2044 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
QDEL US Equity 
QUIDELORTHO CORP 
Equity Securities 
6,262,162,211 
US2197981051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MNDY US Equity 
MONDAY.COM LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,249,841,679 
IL0011762130 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
LAD US Equity 
LITHIA MOTORS 
Equity Securities 
6,245,159,367 
US5367971034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NFE US Equity 
NEW FORTRESS ENE 
Equity Securities 
6,242,437,684 
US6443931000 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3888 HK Equity 
KINGSOFT CORP 
Equity Securities 
6,241,621,227 
KYG5264Y1089 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MHK US Equity 
MOHAWK INDS 
Equity Securities 
6,236,779,045 
US6081901042 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TXG US Equity 
10X GENOMICS I-A 
Equity Securities 
6,232,711,911 
US88025U1097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BSL AU Equity 
BLUESCOPE STEEL 
Equity Securities 
6,213,395,610 
AU000000BSL0 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HLI US Equity 
HOULIHAN LOKEY I 
Equity Securities 
6,201,310,134 
US4415931009 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APP US Equity 
APPLOVIN CO-CL A 
Equity Securities 
6,199,361,033 
US03831W1080 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1385 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI FUDAN-H 
Equity Securities 
6,196,810,170 
CNE100000510 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GXO US Equity 
GXO LOGISTIC 
Equity Securities 
6,187,031,995 
US36262G1013 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EHC US Equity 
ENCOMPASS HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
6,169,138,325 
US29261A1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NVST US Equity 
ENVISTA HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
6,164,453,098 
US29415F1049 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PII US Equity 
POLARIS INC 
Equity Securities 
6,150,981,948 
US7310681025 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PDCE US Equity 
PDC ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
6,148,364,716 
US69327R1014 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AIZ US Equity 
ASSURANT INC 
Equity Securities 
6,144,640,938 
US04621X1081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CACC US Equity 
CREDIT ACCEPTANC 
Equity Securities 
6,140,134,489 
US2253101016 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
656 HK Equity 
FOSUN INTL 
Equity Securities 
6,136,439,030 
HK0656038673 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
EVD GR Equity 
CTS EVENTIM AG & 
Equity Securities 
6,132,570,972 
DE0005470306 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SITE US Equity 
SITEONE LANDSCAP 
Equity Securities 
6,110,239,836 
US82982L1035 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6110 HK Equity 
TOPSPORTS INTERN 
Equity Securities 
6,106,504,243 
KYG8924B1041 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MUR US Equity 
MURPHY OIL CORP 
Equity Securities 
6,103,431,605 
US6267171022 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BC8 GR Equity 
BECHTLE AG 
Equity Securities 
6,094,242,403 
DE0005158703 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
177 HK Equity 
JIANGSU EXPRES-H 
Equity Securities 
6,093,324,870 
CNE1000003J5 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CLVT US Equity 
CLARIVATE PLC 
Equity Securities 
6,086,659,080 
JE00BJJN4441 
Industrials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
MDU US Equity 
MDU RES GROUP 
Equity Securities 
6,086,318,162 
US5526901096 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AQUA US Equity 
EVOQUA WATER TEC 
Equity Securities 
6,085,633,192 
US30057T1051 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OPAP GA Equity 
OPAP SA 
Equity Securities 
6,084,299,089 
GRS419003009 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
OGN US Equity 
ORGANON & CO 
Equity Securities 
6,054,309,022 
US68622V1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9889 HK Equity 
DONGGUAN RURAL-H 
Equity Securities 
6,028,651,199 
CNE100004QH8 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CHRD US Equity 
CHORD ENERGY COR 
Equity Securities 
6,028,580,476 
US6742152076 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 140 ---
Annex I - page 30 of 162 
 
KGH PW Equity 
KGHM 
Equity Securities 
6,024,410,383 
PLKGHM000017 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
268 HK Equity 
KINGDEE INTL SFT 
Equity Securities 
6,021,395,060 
KYG525681477 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
144 HK Equity 
CHINA MERCHANTS 
Equity Securities 
6,017,901,035 
HK0144000764 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
LEVI US Equity 
LEVI STRAUSS-A 
Equity Securities 
6,013,035,480 
US52736R1023 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SEK AU Equity 
SEEK LTD 
Equity Securities 
6,008,755,066 
AU000000SEK6 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LNTH US Equity 
LANTHEUS HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
5,988,777,564 
US5165441032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FTI US Equity 
TECHNIPFMC PLC 
Equity Securities 
5,984,136,670 
GB00BDSFG982 
Energy 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
DIA IM Equity 
DIASORIN SPA 
Equity Securities 
5,975,917,056 
IT0003492391 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
3311 HK Equity 
CHINA STATE CONS 
Equity Securities 
5,968,208,053 
KYG216771363 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MUSA US Equity 
MURPHY USA INC 
Equity Securities 
5,944,582,112 
US6267551025 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CIVI US Equity 
CIVITAS RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
5,941,144,701 
US17888H1032 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VAR NO Equity 
VAR ENERGI ASA 
Equity Securities 
5,933,936,128 
NO0011202772 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
VALMT FH Equity 
VALMET OYJ 
Equity Securities 
5,932,512,172 
FI4000074984 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AMKR US Equity 
AMKOR TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
5,931,715,900 
US0316521006 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3799 HK Equity 
DALI FOODS GROUP 
Equity Securities 
5,931,285,860 
KYG2743Y1061 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VVV US Equity 
VALVOLINE INC 
Equity Securities 
5,921,461,237 
US92047W1018 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SON US Equity 
SONOCO PRODUCTS 
Equity Securities 
5,920,392,567 
US8354951027 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3998 HK Equity 
BOSIDENG INTL 
Equity Securities 
5,917,017,683 
KYG126521064 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MEDP US Equity 
MEDPACE HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
5,916,583,928 
US58506Q1094 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMAR US Equity 
SMARTSHEET INC-A 
Equity Securities 
5,902,688,264 
US83200N1037 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NTNX US Equity 
NUTANIX INC - A 
Equity Securities 
5,867,820,198 
US67059N1081 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PEO PW Equity 
PEKAO 
Equity Securities 
5,865,703,628 
PLPEKAO00016 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CAR AU Equity 
CARSALES.COM LTD 
Equity Securities 
5,863,455,500 
AU000000CAR3 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SOI FP Equity 
SOITEC 
Equity Securities 
5,861,758,268 
FR0013227113 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BWXT US Equity 
BWX TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
5,857,546,659 
US05605H1005 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
X US Equity 
US STEEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,857,123,630 
US9129091081 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FAF US Equity 
FIRST AMERICAN F 
Equity Securities 
5,852,970,124 
US31847R1023 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IP IM Equity 
INTERPUMP GROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
5,850,861,056 
IT0001078911 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SAIC US Equity 
SCIENCE APPLICAT 
Equity Securities 
5,849,844,639 
US8086251076 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9863 HK Equity 
ZHEJIANG LEAPMOT 
Equity Securities 
5,844,615,807 
CNE100005K77 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
RLI US Equity 
RLI CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,841,985,735 
US7496071074 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BC US Equity 
BRUNSWICK CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,840,897,416 
US1170431092 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CTPNV NA Equity 
CTP NV 
Equity Securities 
5,835,036,655 
NL00150006R6 
Real Estate 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
NTRA US Equity 
NATERA INC 
Equity Securities 
5,822,883,695 
US6323071042 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FOUR US Equity 
SHIFT4 PAYMENT-A 
Equity Securities 
5,822,278,392 
US82452J1097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DXC US Equity 
DXC TECHNOLOGY C 
Equity Securities 
5,815,010,590 
US23355L1061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ACKB BB Equity 
ACKERMANS & VAN 
Equity Securities 
5,811,749,474 
BE0003764785 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
WRT1V FH Equity 
WARTSILA OYJ ABP 
Equity Securities 
5,783,832,605 
FI0009003727 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
GMED US Equity 
GLOBUS MEDICAL I 
Equity Securities 
5,773,140,393 
US3795772082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RF FP Equity 
EURAZEO SE 
Equity Securities 
5,770,863,024 
FR0000121121 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
WH US Equity 
WYNDHAM HOTELS & 
Equity Securities 
5,769,647,663 
US98311A1051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AZE BB Equity 
AZELIS GROUP NV 
Equity Securities 
5,769,634,472 
BE0974400328 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1908 HK Equity 
C&D INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
5,767,646,154 
KYG3165D1097 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ESTC US Equity 
ELASTIC NV 
Equity Securities 
5,758,663,866 
NL0013056914 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
SMCI US Equity 
SUPER MICRO COMP 
Equity Securities 
5,757,065,013 
US86800U1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
696 HK Equity 
TRAVELSKY TECH-H 
Equity Securities 
5,748,118,217 
CNE1000004J3 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
3618 HK Equity 
CQRC BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
5,747,149,020 
CNE100000X44 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CNXC US Equity 
CONCENTRIX CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,746,557,532 
US20602D1019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATE FP Equity 
ALTEN 
Equity Securities 
5,740,140,945 
FR0000071946 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 141 ---
Annex I - page 31 of 162 
 
ITCI US Equity 
INTRA-CELLULAR T 
Equity Securities 
5,736,808,981 
US46116X1019 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SIGI US Equity 
SELECT INS GRP 
Equity Securities 
5,734,036,396 
US8163001071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
REYN US Equity 
REYNOLDS CONSUME 
Equity Securities 
5,731,349,190 
US76171L1061 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2367 HK Equity 
GIANT BIOGENE HO 
Equity Securities 
5,729,245,127 
KYG3887G1091 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SVW AU Equity 
SEVEN GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
5,729,050,372 
AU000000SVW5 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SLGN US Equity 
SILGAN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
5,721,906,784 
US8270481091 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1128 HK Equity 
WYNN MACAU LTD 
Equity Securities 
5,712,298,987 
KYG981491007 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6198 HK Equity 
QINGDAO PORT-H 
Equity Securities 
5,710,112,315 
CNE100001SG2 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CNM US Equity 
CORE & MAIN IN-A 
Equity Securities 
5,707,380,514 
US21874C1027 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALTR US Equity 
ALTAIR ENGINEE-A 
Equity Securities 
5,697,658,022 
US0213691035 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMA US Equity 
COMERICA INC 
Equity Securities 
5,694,553,862 
US2003401070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FLO US Equity 
FLOWERS FOODS 
Equity Securities 
5,691,779,936 
US3434981011 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OPCH US Equity 
OPTION CARE HEAL 
Equity Securities 
5,687,801,851 
US68404L2016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SWN US Equity 
SOUTHWESTRN ENGY 
Equity Securities 
5,682,513,809 
US8454671095 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BKT SM Equity 
BANKINTER 
Equity Securities 
5,681,284,152 
ES0113679I37 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
HXL US Equity 
HEXCEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,675,418,946 
US4282911084 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TREX US Equity 
TREX CO INC 
Equity Securities 
5,648,936,331 
US89531P1057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NOVT US Equity 
NOVANTA INC 
Equity Securities 
5,642,150,132 
CA67000B1040 
Information Technology 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
LOTB BB Equity 
LOTUS BAKERIES 
Equity Securities 
5,625,483,251 
BE0003604155 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
2602 HK Equity 
ONEWO INC-H 
Equity Securities 
5,614,686,898 
CNE100005K85 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ASH US Equity 
ASHLAND INC 
Equity Securities 
5,611,139,380 
US0441861046 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TKR US Equity 
TIMKEN CO 
Equity Securities 
5,606,165,650 
US8873891043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EXLS US Equity 
EXLSERVICE HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
5,605,497,236 
US3020811044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CPRI US Equity 
CAPRI HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
5,594,074,975 
VGG1890L1076 
Consumer Discretionary 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
New York 
CHX US Equity 
CHAMPIONX CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,593,613,583 
US15872M1045 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AXFO SS Equity 
AXFOOD AB 
Equity Securities 
5,585,948,380 
SE0006993770 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IDA US Equity 
IDACORP INC 
Equity Securities 
5,584,043,798 
US4511071064 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EEFT US Equity 
EURONET WORLDWID 
Equity Securities 
5,575,549,542 
US2987361092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1818 HK Equity 
ZHAOJIN MINING-H 
Equity Securities 
5,574,320,992 
CNE1000004R6 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
247 HK Equity 
TSIM SHA TSUI 
Equity Securities 
5,572,970,259 
HK0247001271 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SOFI US Equity 
SOFI TECHNOLOGIE 
Equity Securities 
5,566,805,903 
US83406F1021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMC US Equity 
COMMERCIAL METAL 
Equity Securities 
5,566,585,602 
US2017231034 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UNVR US Equity 
UNIVAR SOLUTIONS 
Equity Securities 
5,563,100,323 
US91336L1070 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LNW US Equity 
LIGHT & WONDER I 
Equity Securities 
5,557,311,434 
US80874P1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NE US Equity 
NOBLE CORP PLC 
Equity Securities 
5,549,227,284 
GB00BMXNWH07 
Energy 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
WING US Equity 
WINGSTOP INC 
Equity Securities 
5,549,217,321 
US9741551033 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6698 HK Equity 
STAR CM HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
5,544,066,705 
KYG8438D1097 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WWD US Equity 
WOODWARD INC 
Equity Securities 
5,538,025,593 
US9807451037 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PPC US Equity 
PILGRIMS PRIDE 
Equity Securities 
5,532,456,356 
US72147K1088 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PVH US Equity 
PVH CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,531,264,815 
US6936561009 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EMBRACB SS Equity 
EMBRACER GROUP A 
Equity Securities 
5,520,144,475 
SE0016828511 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CCCS US Equity 
CCC INTELLIGENT 
Equity Securities 
5,519,252,948 
US12510Q1004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MKSI US Equity 
MKS INSTRUMENTS 
Equity Securities 
5,502,880,225 
US55306N1046 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENSG US Equity 
ENSIGN GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
5,501,246,827 
US29358P1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPSC US Equity 
SPS COMMERCE INC 
Equity Securities 
5,500,940,935 
US78463M1071 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IPGP US Equity 
IPG PHOTONICS 
Equity Securities 
5,491,688,065 
US44980X1090 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BALDB SS Equity 
FASTIGHETS-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
5,484,480,612 
SE0017832488 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DUOL US Equity 
DUOLINGO 
Equity Securities 
5,481,785,473 
US26603R1068 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2588 HK Equity 
BOC AVIATION LTD 
Equity Securities 
5,481,425,493 
SG9999015267 
Industrials 
Singapore 
Singapore 
Hong Kong

--- Page 142 ---
Annex I - page 32 of 162 
 
WOR AU Equity 
WORLEY LTD 
Equity Securities 
5,466,725,561 
AU000000WOR2 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
COLM US Equity 
COLUMBIA SPORTSW 
Equity Securities 
5,465,366,299 
US1985161066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IGT US Equity 
INTERNATIONAL GA 
Equity Securities 
5,463,352,462 
GB00BVG7F061 
Consumer Discretionary 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
LANC US Equity 
LANCASTER COLONY 
Equity Securities 
5,460,987,970 
US5138471033 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PB US Equity 
PROSPERITY BNCSH 
Equity Securities 
5,452,037,402 
US7436061052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RMBS US Equity 
RAMBUS INC 
Equity Securities 
5,448,072,351 
US7509171069 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCO PW Equity 
PEPCO GROUP NV 
Equity Securities 
5,440,239,169 
NL0015000AU7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Warsaw 
3948 HK Equity 
INNER MONGOLIA-H 
Equity Securities 
5,429,126,612 
CNE100001FW6 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ARIS IM Equity 
ARISTON HOLDING NV 
Equity Securities 
5,424,986,624 
NL0015000N33 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
BorsaItaliana 
RXDX US Equity 
PROMETHEUS BIOSC 
Equity Securities 
5,418,933,721 
US74349U1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CYBR US Equity 
CYBERARK SOFTWAR 
Equity Securities 
5,412,014,451 
IL0011334468 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
9896 HK Equity 
MINISO GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
5,398,884,255 
KYG6180F1081 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ROIV US Equity 
ROIVANT SCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
5,392,418,459 
BMG762791017 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
1548 HK Equity 
GENSCRIPT BIOTEC 
Equity Securities 
5,392,403,448 
KYG3825B1059 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BOKF US Equity 
BOK FINL CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,390,548,840 
US05561Q2012 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1044 HK Equity 
HENGAN INTL 
Equity Securities 
5,381,354,740 
KYG4402L1510 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SLAB US Equity 
SILICON LABS 
Equity Securities 
5,368,245,089 
US8269191024 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLUG US Equity 
PLUG POWER INC 
Equity Securities 
5,364,285,647 
US72919P2020 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GTLS US Equity 
CHART INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
5,361,713,660 
US16115Q3083 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HOG US Equity 
HARLEY-DAVIDSON 
Equity Securities 
5,353,208,009 
US4128221086 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
A2A IM Equity 
A2A SPA 
Equity Securities 
5,348,887,040 
IT0001233417 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
IG IM Equity 
ITALGAS SPA 
Equity Securities 
5,344,731,648 
IT0005211237 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ALK US Equity 
ALASKA AIR GROUP 
Equity Securities 
5,342,039,123 
US0116591092 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WTS US Equity 
WATTS WATER TE-A 
Equity Securities 
5,341,066,321 
US9427491025 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SIX2 GR Equity 
SIXT SE 
Equity Securities 
5,338,328,827 
DE0007231326 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ADDTB SS Equity 
ADDTECH AB-B SH 
Equity Securities 
5,334,802,274 
SE0014781795 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NCLH US Equity 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE 
Equity Securities 
5,333,193,443 
BMG667211046 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
SECUB SS Equity 
SECURITAS AB-B 
Equity Securities 
5,315,714,643 
SE0000163594 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IONS US Equity 
IONIS PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
5,289,297,741 
US4622221004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FYBR US Equity 
FRONTIER COMMUNI 
Equity Securities 
5,287,087,091 
US35909D1090 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WK US Equity 
WORKIVA INC 
Equity Securities 
5,283,776,606 
US98139A1051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3320 HK Equity 
CHINA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
5,282,178,151 
HK0000311099 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
NXT US Equity 
NEXTRACKER-CL A 
Equity Securities 
5,275,051,166 
US65290E1010 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BOSS GR Equity 
HUGO BOSS -ORD 
Equity Securities 
5,268,170,492 
DE000A1PHFF7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BROS US Equity 
DUTCH BROS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
5,267,150,961 
US26701L1008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FR FP Equity 
VALEO 
Equity Securities 
5,266,256,525 
FR0013176526 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HGV US Equity 
HILTON GRAND VAC 
Equity Securities 
5,260,189,194 
US43283X1054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NEP US Equity 
NEXTERA ENERGY P 
Equity Securities 
5,257,391,727 
US65341B1061 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OSK US Equity 
OSHKOSH CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,253,371,483 
US6882392011 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TKA AV Equity 
TELEKOM AUSTRIA 
Equity Securities 
5,253,141,427 
AT0000720008 
Communication Services 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
FPE GR Equity 
FUCHS PETROLUB S 
Equity Securities 
5,245,619,722 
DE000A3E5D56 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HRB US Equity 
H&R BLOCK INC 
Equity Securities 
5,230,718,007 
US0936711052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ROCKA DC Equity 
ROCKWOOL A/S-A 
Equity Securities 
5,227,970,087 
DK0010219070 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
ROCKB DC Equity 
ROCKWOOL A/S-B 
Equity Securities 
5,227,893,198 
DK0010219153 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
FSK US Equity 
FS KKR CAPITAL C 
Equity Securities 
5,221,723,707 
US3026352068 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TENB US Equity 
TENABLE HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
5,215,323,103 
US88025T1025 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EUROB GA Equity 
EUROBANK ERGASIA 
Equity Securities 
5,208,453,066 
GRS323003012 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
ATKR US Equity 
ATKORE INC 
Equity Securities 
5,202,769,385 
US0476491081 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
YAL AU Equity 
YANCOAL AUSTRALI 
Equity Securities 
5,195,142,268 
AU000000YAL0 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 143 ---
Annex I - page 33 of 162 
 
IEL AU Equity 
IDP EDUCATION LT 
Equity Securities 
5,195,123,177 
AU000000IEL5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AIT US Equity 
APPLIED INDU TEC 
Equity Securities 
5,192,429,895 
US03820C1053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORA US Equity 
ORMAT TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
5,185,710,181 
US6866881021 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ENG SM Equity 
ENAGAS SA 
Equity Securities 
5,185,045,362 
ES0130960018 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
EXP US Equity 
EAGLE MATERIALS 
Equity Securities 
5,182,153,865 
US26969P1084 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
123 HK Equity 
YUEXIU PROPERTY 
Equity Securities 
5,175,289,501 
HK0000745908 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
RBI AV Equity 
RAIFFEISEN BANK 
Equity Securities 
5,171,868,128 
AT0000606306 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
NJR US Equity 
NEW JERSEY RES 
Equity Securities 
5,168,005,760 
US6460251068 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AAON US Equity 
AAON INC 
Equity Securities 
5,166,812,784 
US0003602069 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AALB NA Equity 
AALBERTS NV 
Equity Securities 
5,163,622,264 
NL0000852564 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
ASO US Equity 
ACADEMY SPORTS & 
Equity Securities 
5,162,882,705 
US00402L1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
772 HK Equity 
CHINA LITERATURE 
Equity Securities 
5,160,322,301 
KYG2121R1039 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HUSQB SS Equity 
HUSQVARNA-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
5,159,243,477 
SE0001662230 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HUSQA SS Equity 
HUSQVARNA-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
5,159,143,346 
SE0001662222 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
S US Equity 
SENTINELONE IN-A 
Equity Securities 
5,157,657,109 
US81730H1095 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AAK SS Equity 
AAK AB 
Equity Securities 
5,156,422,018 
SE0011337708 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RH US Equity 
RH 
Equity Securities 
5,155,986,806 
US74967X1037 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NFG US Equity 
NATL FUEL GAS CO 
Equity Securities 
5,150,621,939 
US6361801011 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NWL US Equity 
NEWELL BRANDS IN 
Equity Securities 
5,143,461,141 
US6512291062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KGX GR Equity 
KION GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
5,139,731,077 
DE000KGX8881 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SSB US Equity 
SOUTHSTATE CORP 
Equity Securities 
5,128,017,360 
US8404411097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MSA US Equity 
MSA SAFETY INC 
Equity Securities 
5,127,131,130 
US5534981064 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
POST US Equity 
POST HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
5,123,560,847 
US7374461041 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PIRC IM Equity 
PIRELLI & C SPA 
Equity Securities 
5,121,426,432 
IT0005278236 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
FIVN US Equity 
FIVE9 INC 
Equity Securities 
5,115,820,895 
US3383071012 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DDS US Equity 
DILLARDS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
5,115,262,904 
US2540671011 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HCP US Equity 
HASHICORP I-CL A 
Equity Securities 
5,112,483,090 
US4181001037 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WIX US Equity 
WIX.COM LTD 
Equity Securities 
5,108,650,852 
IL0011301780 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
2282 HK Equity 
MGM CHINA 
Equity Securities 
5,102,230,753 
KYG607441022 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ING PW Equity 
INGBSK 
Equity Securities 
5,093,617,649 
PLBSK0000017 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
MMS US Equity 
MAXIMUS INC 
Equity Securities 
5,083,683,032 
US5779331041 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AM US Equity 
ANTERO MIDSTREAM 
Equity Securities 
5,082,874,159 
US03676B1026 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMG US Equity 
AFFIL MANAGERS 
Equity Securities 
5,078,103,871 
US0082521081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VAC US Equity 
MARRIOTT VACATIO 
Equity Securities 
5,071,095,527 
US57164Y1073 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NEWR US Equity 
NEW RELIC INC 
Equity Securities 
5,062,936,515 
US64829B1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TOP DC Equity 
TOPDANMARK A/S 
Equity Securities 
5,055,120,083 
DK0060477503 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
1033 HK Equity 
SINOPEC OILFIE-H 
Equity Securities 
5,052,458,889 
CNE1000004D6 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
780 HK Equity 
TONGCHENG TRAVEL 
Equity Securities 
5,048,992,301 
KYG8918W1069 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VNOM US Equity 
VIPER ENERGY PAR 
Equity Securities 
5,038,854,093 
US92763M1053 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRLA FP Equity 
VERALLIA 
Equity Securities 
5,036,757,411 
FR0013447729 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ORCC US Equity 
OWL ROCK CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
5,035,064,554 
US69121K1043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COKE US Equity 
COCA-COLA CONSOL 
Equity Securities 
5,022,610,040 
US1910981026 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AYI US Equity 
ACUITY BRANDS 
Equity Securities 
5,016,187,820 
US00508Y1029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DRVN US Equity 
DRIVEN BRANDS HO 
Equity Securities 
5,008,075,545 
US26210V1026 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DV US Equity 
DOUBLEVERIFY HOL 
Equity Securities 
5,005,843,900 
US25862V1052 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TKA GR Equity 
THYSSENKRUPP AG 
Equity Securities 
5,002,133,242 
DE0007500001 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TNET US Equity 
TRINET GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
5,000,084,464 
US8962881079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INA CZ Equity 
INA INDUSTRIJA 
Equity Securities 
4,992,183,918 
HRINA0RA0007 
Energy 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
APG US Equity 
API GROUP CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,983,909,678 
US00187Y1001 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 144 ---
Annex I - page 34 of 162 
 
PBF US Equity 
PBF ENERGY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
4,983,596,975 
US69318G1067 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MGY US Equity 
MAGNOLIA OIL-A 
Equity Securities 
4,980,511,769 
US5596631094 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLUNA DC Equity 
H LUNDBECK A/S-A 
Equity Securities 
4,979,734,180 
DK0061804697 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2380 HK Equity 
CHINA POWER INTE 
Equity Securities 
4,979,640,283 
HK2380027329 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HLUNB DC Equity 
H LUNDBECK A/S 
Equity Securities 
4,979,219,755 
DK0061804770 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
EXPO US Equity 
EXPONENT INC 
Equity Securities 
4,978,150,083 
US30214U1025 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MP US Equity 
MP MATERIALS COR 
Equity Securities 
4,973,298,260 
US5533681012 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AKE AU Equity 
ALLKEM LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,966,234,274 
AU0000193666 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALD AU Equity 
AMPOL LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,963,076,891 
AU0000088338 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VAL US Equity 
VALARIS LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,961,200,657 
BMG9460G1015 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
HUN US Equity 
HUNTSMAN CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,949,991,096 
US4470111075 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DNB US Equity 
DUN & BRADSTREET 
Equity Securities 
4,947,924,737 
US26484T1060 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALIT US Equity 
ALIGHT INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
4,945,649,640 
US01626W1018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
392 HK Equity 
BJ ENT HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
4,944,554,937 
HK0392044647 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
MSM US Equity 
MSC INDL DIRECT 
Equity Securities 
4,943,711,188 
US5535301064 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6060 HK Equity 
ZHONGAN ONLINE-H 
Equity Securities 
4,943,128,155 
CNE100002QY7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CRUS US Equity 
CIRRUS LOGIC INC 
Equity Securities 
4,927,281,403 
US1727551004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRGO US Equity 
PERRIGO CO PLC 
Equity Securities 
4,923,382,455 
IE00BGH1M568 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
SPIE FP Equity 
SPIE SA 
Equity Securities 
4,922,070,224 
FR0012757854 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GTLB US Equity 
GITLAB INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
4,909,212,000 
US37637K1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UFPI US Equity 
UFP INDUSTRIES I 
Equity Securities 
4,907,409,641 
US90278Q1085 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INPST NA Equity 
INPOST SA 
Equity Securities 
4,901,570,818 
LU2290522684 
Industrials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
HTZ US Equity 
HERTZ GLOBAL HLD 
Equity Securities 
4,901,436,544 
US42806J7000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GLBE US Equity 
GLOBAL-E ONLINE 
Equity Securities 
4,889,310,024 
IL0011741688 
Consumer Discretionary 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
6078 HK Equity 
HYGEIA HEALTHCAR 
Equity Securities 
4,883,313,172 
KYG4712E1035 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JYSK DC Equity 
JYSKE BANK-REG 
Equity Securities 
4,882,865,824 
DK0010307958 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
ORI AU Equity 
ORICA LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,881,605,510 
AU000000ORI1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2880 HK Equity 
LIAONING PORT -H 
Equity Securities 
4,873,452,819 
CNE1000002Y6 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1359 HK Equity 
CHINA CINDA-H 
Equity Securities 
4,861,786,299 
CNE100001QS1 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ITP FP Equity 
INTERPARFUMS SA 
Equity Securities 
4,855,391,055 
FR0004024222 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ATI US Equity 
ATI INC 
Equity Securities 
4,851,125,905 
US01741R1023 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VPK NA Equity 
VOPAK 
Equity Securities 
4,849,872,062 
NL0009432491 
Energy 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
HQY US Equity 
HEALTHEQUITY INC 
Equity Securities 
4,839,475,914 
US42226A1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IART US Equity 
INTEGRA LIFESCIE 
Equity Securities 
4,831,612,464 
US4579852082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
M US Equity 
MACYS INC 
Equity Securities 
4,831,079,579 
US55616P1049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HALO US Equity 
HALOZYME THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
4,827,556,586 
US40637H1095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PSN US Equity 
PARSONS CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,825,013,299 
US70202L1026 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALKS US Equity 
ALKERMES PLC 
Equity Securities 
4,824,820,760 
IE00B56GVS15 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
TKO FP Equity 
TIKEHAU CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
4,809,945,133 
FR0013230612 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ELF US Equity 
ELF BEAUTY INC 
Equity Securities 
4,803,984,438 
US26856L1035 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RIG US Equity 
TRANSOCEAN LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,793,603,738 
CH0048265513 
Energy 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
MF FP Equity 
WENDEL 
Equity Securities 
4,789,854,050 
FR0000121204 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BRE IM Equity 
BREMBO SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,783,607,808 
IT0005252728 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ETE GA Equity 
NATL BANK GREECE 
Equity Securities 
4,767,156,755 
GRS003003035 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
9995 HK Equity 
REMEGEN CO LTD-H 
Equity Securities 
4,759,774,416 
CNE1000048G6 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
QLYS US Equity 
QUALYS INC 
Equity Securities 
4,757,568,397 
US74758T3032 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FOXF US Equity 
FOX FACTORY HOLD 
Equity Securities 
4,754,640,380 
US35138V1026 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FRA GR Equity 
FRAPORT AG 
Equity Securities 
4,743,891,230 
DE0005773303 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DTM US Equity 
DT MIDSTREAM 
Equity Securities 
4,742,685,075 
US23345M1071 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 145 ---
Annex I - page 35 of 162 
 
NEOEN FP Equity 
NEOEN SA 
Equity Securities 
4,739,808,672 
FR0011675362 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SNDR US Equity 
SCHNEIDER NATL-B 
Equity Securities 
4,735,616,327 
US80689H1023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DEN US Equity 
DENBURY INC 
Equity Securities 
4,734,768,270 
US24790A1016 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SHC US Equity 
SOTERA HEALTH CO 
Equity Securities 
4,724,940,989 
US83601L1026 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IPAR US Equity 
INTER PARFUMS 
Equity Securities 
4,721,039,201 
US4583341098 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRT US Equity 
VERTIV HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
4,712,631,381 
US92537N1081 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COHR US Equity 
COHERENT CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,710,834,208 
US19247G1076 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RBREW DC Equity 
ROYAL UNIBREW 
Equity Securities 
4,710,255,051 
DK0060634707 
Consumer Staples 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
SWECA SS Equity 
SWECO AB-A 
Equity Securities 
4,709,359,154 
SE0014960365 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SWECB SS Equity 
SWECO AB-B 
Equity Securities 
4,709,359,154 
SE0014960373 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MSGS US Equity 
MADISON SQUARE G 
Equity Securities 
4,704,490,162 
US55825T1034 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9926 HK Equity 
AKESO INC 
Equity Securities 
4,692,837,539 
KYG0146B1032 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EO FP Equity 
FAURECIA 
Equity Securities 
4,687,214,971 
FR0000121147 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AXS US Equity 
AXIS CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
4,681,111,182 
BMG0692U1099 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
FIX US Equity 
COMFORT SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
4,680,614,964 
US1999081045 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DEC FP Equity 
JCDECAUX SE 
Equity Securities 
4,677,476,362 
FR0000077919 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
NSP US Equity 
INSPERITY INC 
Equity Securities 
4,675,820,130 
US45778Q1076 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EVR US Equity 
EVERCORE INC 
Equity Securities 
4,663,533,715 
US29977A1051 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1513 HK Equity 
LIVZON PHARM-H 
Equity Securities 
4,663,204,170 
CNE100001QV5 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BZU IM Equity 
BUZZI UNICEM SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,661,093,376 
IT0001347308 
Materials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SSD US Equity 
SIMPSON MFG 
Equity Securities 
4,658,369,367 
US8290731053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SGRY US Equity 
SURGERY PARTNERS 
Equity Securities 
4,651,682,998 
US86881A1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKER NO Equity 
AKER ASA-A SHARES 
Equity Securities 
4,638,349,312 
NO0010234552 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
3931 HK Equity 
CALB CO LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,628,363,311 
CNE100005LL8 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WFRD US Equity 
WEATHERFORD INTE 
Equity Securities 
4,622,757,832 
IE00BLNN3691 
Energy 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
KNTK US Equity 
KINETIK HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
4,616,151,774 
US02215L2097 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1910 HK Equity 
SAMSONITE INTL 
Equity Securities 
4,614,388,098 
LU0633102719 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Hong Kong 
HFG GR Equity 
HELLOFRESH SE 
Equity Securities 
4,608,932,325 
DE000A161408 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TRTN US Equity 
TRITON INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
4,603,906,406 
BMG9078F1077 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
G24 GR Equity 
SCOUT24 SE 
Equity Securities 
4,596,459,579 
DE000A12DM80 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FIZZ US Equity 
NATL BEVERAGE 
Equity Securities 
4,586,430,237 
US6350171061 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NSIT US Equity 
INSIGHT ENTERPRI 
Equity Securities 
4,584,954,273 
US45765U1034 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BRBR US Equity 
BELLRING BRANDS 
Equity Securities 
4,583,917,257 
US07831C1036 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UBSI US Equity 
UNITED BANKSHS 
Equity Securities 
4,567,748,932 
US9099071071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ELAN US Equity 
ELANCO ANIMAL HE 
Equity Securities 
4,566,204,957 
US28414H1032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WEN US Equity 
WENDYS CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
4,561,286,358 
US95058W1009 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AJRD US Equity 
AEROJET ROCKETDY 
Equity Securities 
4,551,810,219 
US0078001056 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OMF US Equity 
ONEMAIN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
4,548,960,613 
US68268W1036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ELIS FP Equity 
ELIS SA 
Equity Securities 
4,544,722,318 
FR0012435121 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CR US Equity 
CRANE CO 
Equity Securities 
4,540,293,572 
US2244081046 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
853 HK Equity 
MICROPORT SCIENT 
Equity Securities 
4,539,656,996 
KYG608371046 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KINVA SS Equity 
KINNEVIK AB - A 
Equity Securities 
4,539,219,502 
SE0015810239 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KINVB SS Equity 
KINNEVIK AB - B 
Equity Securities 
4,539,131,404 
SE0015810247 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SEB US Equity 
SEABOARD CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,538,634,282 
US8115431079 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RRR US Equity 
RED ROCK RESOR-A 
Equity Securities 
4,537,910,000 
US75700L1089 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
APPF US Equity 
APPFOLIO INC - A 
Equity Securities 
4,534,242,588 
US03783C1009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABG US Equity 
ASBURY AUTO GRP 
Equity Securities 
4,519,144,721 
US0434361046 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TOM NO Equity 
TOMRA SYSTEMS ASA 
Equity Securities 
4,518,720,000 
NO0012470089 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
INFA US Equity 
INFORMATICA IN-A 
Equity Securities 
4,509,834,454 
US45674M1018 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 146 ---
Annex I - page 36 of 162 
 
POWI US Equity 
POWER INTEGRATIO 
Equity Securities 
4,508,975,258 
US7392761034 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ESNT US Equity 
ESSENT GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,506,519,072 
BMG3198U1027 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
COLB US Equity 
COLUMBIA BANKING 
Equity Securities 
4,494,106,387 
US1972361026 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2039 HK Equity 
CIMC-H 
Equity Securities 
4,479,132,244 
CNE100001NN9 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ERG IM Equity 
ERG SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,478,303,744 
IT0001157020 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BFAM US Equity 
BRIGHT HORIZONS 
Equity Securities 
4,470,466,555 
US1091941005 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MTSI US Equity 
MACOM TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
4,469,740,164 
US55405Y1001 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
THG US Equity 
HANOVER INSURANC 
Equity Securities 
4,455,602,442 
US4108671052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PME AU Equity 
PRO MEDICUS LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,452,638,477 
AU000000PME8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FCFS US Equity 
FIRSTCASH HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
4,446,921,142 
US33768G1076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ESI US Equity 
ELEMENT SOLUTION 
Equity Securities 
4,443,427,401 
US28618M1062 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MMSI US Equity 
MERIT MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
4,440,427,939 
US5898891040 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZION US Equity 
ZIONS BANCORP NA 
Equity Securities 
4,435,566,787 
US9897011071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CC US Equity 
CHEMOURS CO 
Equity Securities 
4,434,397,612 
US1638511089 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
POR US Equity 
PORTLAND GENERAL 
Equity Securities 
4,426,457,707 
US7365088472 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MELE BB Equity 
MELEXIS NV 
Equity Securities 
4,426,432,905 
BE0165385973 
Information Technology 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
338 HK Equity 
SINOPEC SHANG-H 
Equity Securities 
4,426,431,713 
CNE1000004C8 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
708 HK Equity 
CHINA EVERGRANDE 
Equity Securities 
4,420,456,136 
HK0000264595 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
WTFC US Equity 
WINTRUST FINL 
Equity Securities 
4,419,995,984 
US97650W1080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LEG GR Equity 
LEG IMMOBILIEN S 
Equity Securities 
4,419,645,835 
DE000LEG1110 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
STR AV Equity 
STRABAG SE-BR 
Equity Securities 
4,416,460,311 
AT000000STR1 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
MTH US Equity 
MERITAGE HOMES C 
Equity Securities 
4,413,670,303 
US59001A1025 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OGS US Equity 
ONE GAS INC 
Equity Securities 
4,410,076,161 
US68235P1084 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SOP FP Equity 
SOPRA STERIA GRO 
Equity Securities 
4,403,219,080 
FR0000050809 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SCR FP Equity 
SCOR SE 
Equity Securities 
4,401,382,396 
FR0010411983 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MYTIL GA Equity 
MYTILINEOS S.A. 
Equity Securities 
4,399,047,119 
GRS393503008 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
2799 HK Equity 
CHINA HUARONG -H 
Equity Securities 
4,395,734,087 
CNE100002367 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HER IM Equity 
HERA SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,391,856,128 
IT0001250932 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
JHG US Equity 
JANUS HENDERSON 
Equity Securities 
4,389,934,483 
JE00BYPZJM29 
Financials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
AL US Equity 
AIR LEASE C 
Equity Securities 
4,388,439,474 
US00912X3026 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EVN AU Equity 
EVOLUTION MINING 
Equity Securities 
4,386,026,701 
AU000000EVN4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CWST US Equity 
CASELLA WASTE 
Equity Securities 
4,383,318,213 
US1474481041 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PYCR US Equity 
PAYCOR HCM INC 
Equity Securities 
4,382,721,957 
US70435P1021 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PENN US Equity 
PENN ENTERTAINME 
Equity Securities 
4,380,897,917 
US7075691094 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SQSP US Equity 
SQUARESPACE IN-A 
Equity Securities 
4,375,500,301 
US85225A1079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FCC SM Equity 
FCC 
Equity Securities 
4,366,560,235 
ES0122060314 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
FLS US Equity 
FLOWSERVE CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,359,340,440 
US34354P1057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NDA GR Equity 
AURUBIS AG 
Equity Securities 
4,353,786,922 
DE0006766504 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
3698 HK Equity 
HUISHANG BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
4,352,783,091 
CNE100001QP7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MDGL US Equity 
MADRIGAL PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
4,349,313,897 
US5588681057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CAST SS Equity 
CASTELLUM AB 
Equity Securities 
4,348,956,232 
SE0000379190 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ALLFG NA Equity 
ALLFUNDS GROUP P 
Equity Securities 
4,339,180,109 
GB00BNTJ3546 
Financials 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
EN Amsterdam 
REY IM Equity 
REPLY SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,337,568,256 
IT0005282865 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
FLR US Equity 
FLUOR CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,332,576,278 
US3434121022 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OBS AV Equity 
OBERBANK AG 
Equity Securities 
4,328,471,802 
AT0000625108 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
SNV US Equity 
SYNOVUS FINL 
Equity Securities 
4,325,857,758 
US87161C5013 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IAC US Equity 
IAC INC 
Equity Securities 
4,319,163,211 
US44891N2080 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MSTR US Equity 
MICROSTRATEGY 
Equity Securities 
4,318,274,771 
US5949724083 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HPOLB SS Equity 
HEXPOL AB 
Equity Securities 
4,315,891,378 
SE0007074281 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 147 ---
Annex I - page 37 of 162 
 
BKH US Equity 
BLACK HILLS CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,312,018,379 
US0921131092 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FRHC US Equity 
FREEDOM HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
4,306,092,772 
US3563901046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAVE SS Equity 
NORDNET AB PUBL 
Equity Securities 
4,302,784,166 
SE0015192067 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
9898 HK Equity 
WEIBO CORP-CL A 
Equity Securities 
4,300,357,983 
KYG9515T1085 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1882 HK Equity 
HAITIAN INTL 
Equity Securities 
4,300,105,860 
KYG4232C1087 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AF FP Equity 
AIR FRANCE-KLM 
Equity Securities 
4,298,808,956 
FR0000031122 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
220 HK Equity 
UNI-PRESIDENT CH 
Equity Securities 
4,297,379,525 
KYG9222R1065 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FLE NA Equity 
FL ENTERTAINMENT 
Equity Securities 
4,294,409,256 
NL0015000X07 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Amsterdam 
VLY US Equity 
VALLEY NATL BANC 
Equity Securities 
4,290,479,025 
US9197941076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HAE US Equity 
HAEMONETICS CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,276,940,915 
US4050241003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
867 HK Equity 
CHINA MEDICAL SY 
Equity Securities 
4,273,074,030 
KYG211081248 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
THO US Equity 
THOR INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
4,259,039,871 
US8851601018 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RILBA DC Equity 
RINGKJOEBING LND 
Equity Securities 
4,255,211,697 
DK0060854669 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
LPX US Equity 
LOUISIANA-PACIFI 
Equity Securities 
4,251,327,495 
US5463471053 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALSN US Equity 
ALLISON TRANSMIS 
Equity Securities 
4,248,726,465 
US01973R1014 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2866 HK Equity 
COSCO SHIP DEV-H 
Equity Securities 
4,247,590,843 
CNE100000536 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HE US Equity 
HAWAIIAN ELEC 
Equity Securities 
4,237,152,140 
US4198701009 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RE FP Equity 
COLAS SA 
Equity Securities 
4,236,627,197 
FR0000121634 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HAG GR Equity 
HENSOLDT AG 
Equity Securities 
4,229,996,243 
DE000HAG0005 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CBT US Equity 
CABOT CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,229,899,056 
US1270551013 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BPOP US Equity 
POPULAR INC 
Equity Securities 
4,229,206,460 
PR7331747001 
Financials 
Puerto Rico 
Puerto Rico 
NASDAQ 
ICUI US Equity 
ICU MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
4,228,213,826 
US44930G1076 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HOMB US Equity 
HOME BANCSHARES 
Equity Securities 
4,222,812,104 
US4368932004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VC US Equity 
VISTEON CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,221,184,226 
US92839U2069 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMC US Equity 
AMC ENTERTAINMEN 
Equity Securities 
4,215,246,750 
US00165C1045 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LYC AU Equity 
LYNAS RARE EARTH 
Equity Securities 
4,213,196,193 
AU000000LYC6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALQ AU Equity 
ALS LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,212,909,625 
AU000000ALQ6 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SWX US Equity 
SOUTHWEST GAS HO 
Equity Securities 
4,207,451,486 
US8448951025 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6127 HK Equity 
JOINN LABORATO-H 
Equity Securities 
4,207,426,271 
CNE100004BP3 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
RICHT HB Equity 
RICHTER GEDEON N 
Equity Securities 
4,204,480,869 
HU0000123096 
Health Care 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
EVN AV Equity 
EVN AG 
Equity Securities 
4,202,746,282 
AT0000741053 
Utilities 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
3808 HK Equity 
SINOTRUK HK LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,199,577,248 
HK3808041546 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
IPL AU Equity 
INCITEC PIVOT LT 
Equity Securities 
4,198,911,881 
AU000000IPL1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AZJ AU Equity 
AURIZON HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
4,189,526,988 
AU000000AZJ1 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PNM US Equity 
PNM RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
4,187,883,502 
US69349H1077 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TDOC US Equity 
TELADOC HEALTH I 
Equity Securities 
4,186,564,202 
US87918A1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LEG US Equity 
LEGGETT & PLATT 
Equity Securities 
4,185,727,793 
US5246601075 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VNT US Equity 
VONTIER CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,185,376,299 
US9288811014 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TPRO IM Equity 
TECHNOPROBE SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,182,858,240 
IT0005482333 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
LPP PW Equity 
LPP 
Equity Securities 
4,181,325,475 
PLLPP0000011 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ACLS US Equity 
AXCELIS TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
4,178,305,528 
US0545402085 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GBCI US Equity 
GLACIER BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
4,176,410,066 
US37637Q1058 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KEX US Equity 
KIRBY CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,169,842,200 
US4972661064 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RUN US Equity 
SUNRUN INC 
Equity Securities 
4,169,487,468 
US86771W1053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
598 HK Equity 
SINOTRANS LTD-H 
Equity Securities 
4,164,660,607 
CNE1000004F1 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DISH US Equity 
DISH NETWORK-A 
Equity Securities 
4,164,232,582 
US25470M1099 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1456 HK Equity 
GUOLIAN SECURI-H 
Equity Securities 
4,161,403,121 
CNE100002003 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BPE IM Equity 
BPER BANCA 
Equity Securities 
4,160,611,328 
IT0000066123 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
FFIN US Equity 
FIRST FIN BANKSH 
Equity Securities 
4,159,761,289 
US32020R1095 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 148 ---
Annex I - page 38 of 162 
 
SYNH US Equity 
SYNEOS HEALTH IN 
Equity Securities 
4,153,400,114 
US87166B1026 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WU US Equity 
WESTERN UNION 
Equity Securities 
4,152,345,248 
US9598021098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MODG US Equity 
TOPGOLF CALLAWAY 
Equity Securities 
4,150,733,888 
US1311931042 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LIGHT NA Equity 
SIGNIFY NV 
Equity Securities 
4,142,086,895 
NL0011821392 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
FNOX SS Equity 
FORTNOX AB 
Equity Securities 
4,136,306,055 
SE0017161243 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
489 HK Equity 
DONGFENG MOTOR-H 
Equity Securities 
4,136,080,658 
CNE100000312 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SDF AU Equity 
STEADFAST GROUP 
Equity Securities 
4,134,932,458 
AU000000SDF8 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ESGR US Equity 
ENSTAR GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,131,694,250 
BMG3075P1014 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
SMG US Equity 
SCOTTS MIRACLE 
Equity Securities 
4,125,621,724 
US8101861065 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVT US Equity 
CVENT HOLDING CO 
Equity Securities 
4,122,466,175 
US1266771039 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DLO US Equity 
DLOCAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,121,512,316 
KYG290181018 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TMHC US Equity 
TAYLOR MORRISON 
Equity Securities 
4,116,430,926 
US87724P1066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MTG US Equity 
MGIC INVT CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,109,562,171 
US5528481030 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TDC US Equity 
TERADATA CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,106,592,000 
US88076W1036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FELE US Equity 
FRANKLIN ELEC CO 
Equity Securities 
4,106,234,172 
US3535141028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
347 HK Equity 
ANGANG STEEL-H 
Equity Securities 
4,105,700,786 
CNE1000001V4 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BXSL US Equity 
BLACKSTONE SECUR 
Equity Securities 
4,094,569,961 
US09261X1028 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GLB ID Equity 
GLANBIA PLC 
Equity Securities 
4,085,656,035 
IE0000669501 
Consumer Staples 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
BCPC US Equity 
BALCHEM CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,085,519,769 
US0576652004 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WHC AU Equity 
WHITEHAVEN COAL 
Equity Securities 
4,065,869,016 
AU000000WHC8 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6689 HK Equity 
CHONGQING HONG-H 
Equity Securities 
4,063,481,277 
CNE100005G57 
Consumer Staples 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MAN US Equity 
MANPOWERGROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
4,063,282,087 
US56418H1005 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FNB US Equity 
FNB CORP 
Equity Securities 
4,063,140,281 
US3025201019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FRSH US Equity 
FRESHWORKS-CL A 
Equity Securities 
4,060,358,789 
US3580541049 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2357 HK Equity 
AVICHINA INDUS-H 
Equity Securities 
4,057,096,663 
CNE1000001Y8 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PNFP US Equity 
PINNACLE FINL 
Equity Securities 
4,052,785,334 
US72346Q1040 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
8 HK Equity 
PCCW LTD 
Equity Securities 
4,052,269,983 
HK0008011667 
Communication Services 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HUH1V FH Equity 
HUHTAMAKI OYJ 
Equity Securities 
4,046,178,703 
FI0009000459 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
STR US Equity 
SITIO ROYALTIE-A 
Equity Securities 
4,045,452,640 
US82983N1081 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
YOU US Equity 
CLEAR SECURE I-A 
Equity Securities 
4,045,296,340 
US18467V1098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FOCS US Equity 
FOCUS FINANCIA-A 
Equity Securities 
4,040,231,399 
US34417P1003 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
956 HK Equity 
CHINA SUNTIEN-H 
Equity Securities 
4,034,543,535 
CNE100000TW9 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ONTO US Equity 
ONTO INNOVATION 
Equity Securities 
4,031,708,643 
US6833441057 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CBDG FP Equity 
COMBODGE (CIE) 
Equity Securities 
4,031,057,393 
FR0000079659 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BG AV Equity 
BAWAG GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
4,029,282,525 
AT0000BAWAG2 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
REIN LX Equity 
REINET INVESTMEN 
Equity Securities 
4,028,680,052 
LU0383812293 
Financials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NEX FP Equity 
NEXANS SA 
Equity Securities 
4,024,137,126 
FR0000044448 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AVT US Equity 
AVNET INC 
Equity Securities 
4,019,783,457 
US0538071038 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
966 HK Equity 
CHINA TAIPING IN 
Equity Securities 
4,010,701,196 
HK0000055878 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ROTH FP Equity 
ROTHSCHILD & CO 
Equity Securities 
4,004,896,646 
FR0000031684 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
KRKG SV Equity 
KRKA 
Equity Securities 
4,002,259,815 
SI0031102120 
Health Care 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
6655 HK Equity 
HUAXIN CEMENT-H 
Equity Securities 
4,001,680,704 
CNE1000057N3 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
UNI IM Equity 
UNIPOL GRUPPO SPA 
Equity Securities 
4,001,091,072 
IT0004810054 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SDF GR Equity 
K+S AG-REG 
Equity Securities 
3,991,076,001 
DE000KSAG888 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ACT US Equity 
ENACT HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
3,988,154,485 
US29249E1091 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LTR AU Equity 
LIONTOWN RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
3,985,314,640 
AU000000LTR4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SKY US Equity 
SKYLINE CHAMPION 
Equity Securities 
3,985,287,702 
US8308301055 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IRTC US Equity 
IRHYTHM TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
3,983,637,225 
US4500561067 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HL US Equity 
HECLA MINING CO 
Equity Securities 
3,980,483,145 
US4227041062 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 149 ---
Annex I - page 39 of 162 
 
R US Equity 
RYDER SYSTEM INC 
Equity Securities 
3,975,825,597 
US7835491082 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GCO SM Equity 
CATALANA OCC 
Equity Securities 
3,971,393,852 
ES0116920333 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SAM US Equity 
BOSTON BEER-A 
Equity Securities 
3,968,221,553 
US1005571070 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRSP US Equity 
CRISPR THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
3,967,634,458 
CH0334081137 
Health Care 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
NASDAQ 
HLNE US Equity 
HAMILTON LANE-A 
Equity Securities 
3,965,619,440 
US4074971064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GATX US Equity 
GATX CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,963,837,000 
US3614481030 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BAKKA NO Equity 
BAKKAFROST P/F 
Equity Securities 
3,960,654,592 
FO0000000179 
Consumer Staples 
Faroe Islands 
Faroe Islands 
Oslo 
921 HK Equity 
HISENSE HOME - H 
Equity Securities 
3,960,105,631 
CNE100000353 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ISS DC Equity 
ISS A/S 
Equity Securities 
3,957,995,693 
DK0060542181 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
SCHA NO Equity 
SCHIBSTED ASA-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,953,390,592 
NO0003028904 
Communication Services 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
SCHB NO Equity 
SCHIBSTED ASA-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
3,953,390,592 
NO0010736879 
Communication Services 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
PLTK US Equity 
PLAYTIKA HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
3,952,241,698 
US72815L1070 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PWSC US Equity 
POWERSCHOOL HLDG 
Equity Securities 
3,951,462,041 
US73939C1062 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BOX US Equity 
BOX INC- CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
3,948,076,454 
US10316T1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ONB US Equity 
OLD NATL BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
3,944,322,558 
US6800331075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OZK US Equity 
BANK OZK 
Equity Securities 
3,943,497,377 
US06417N1037 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TIETO FH Equity 
TIETOEVRY OYJ 
Equity Securities 
3,935,277,884 
FI0009000277 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
GTT FP Equity 
GAZTRANSPORT 
Equity Securities 
3,934,436,307 
FR0011726835 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ASAN US Equity 
ASANA INC- CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,927,584,093 
US04342Y1047 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2518 HK Equity 
AUTOHOME INC-A 
Equity Securities 
3,924,734,313 
KYG066341028 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
S92 GR Equity 
SMA SOLAR TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
3,922,092,274 
DE000A0DJ6J9 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CABO US Equity 
CABLE ONE INC 
Equity Securities 
3,921,044,557 
US12685J1051 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMBUB DC Equity 
AMBU A/S-B 
Equity Securities 
3,918,541,068 
DK0060946788 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
TE FP Equity 
TECHNIP ENERGIES 
Equity Securities 
3,917,827,424 
NL0014559478 
Energy 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Paris 
AGL AU Equity 
AGL ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,916,087,257 
AU000000AGL7 
Utilities 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HP US Equity 
HELMERICH & PAYN 
Equity Securities 
3,910,987,824 
US4234521015 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MLI US Equity 
MUELLER INDS 
Equity Securities 
3,910,952,200 
US6247561029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
522 HK Equity 
ASMPT LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,909,645,127 
KYG0535Q1331 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LTHM US Equity 
LIVENT CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,905,180,963 
US53814L1089 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1797 HK Equity 
EAST BUY HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
3,900,280,582 
KYG5313A1013 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SHLS US Equity 
SHOALS TECHNOL-A 
Equity Securities 
3,893,005,002 
US82489W1071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FHI US Equity 
FEDERATED HERMES 
Equity Securities 
3,892,823,166 
US3142111034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TUB BB Equity 
FINANCIERE DE TU 
Equity Securities 
3,890,857,174 
BE0003823409 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
EURN BB Equity 
EURONAV NV 
Equity Securities 
3,887,608,808 
BE0003816338 
Energy 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
ISEE US Equity 
IVERIC BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
3,882,360,950 
US46583P1021 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1799 HK Equity 
XINTE ENERGY C-H 
Equity Securities 
3,880,176,932 
CNE1000023G9 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DIOD US Equity 
DIODES INC 
Equity Securities 
3,879,135,182 
US2545431015 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SRCL US Equity 
STERICYCLE INC 
Equity Securities 
3,873,788,562 
US8589121081 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2669 HK Equity 
CHINA OVERSEAS P 
Equity Securities 
3,873,101,587 
KYG2118M1096 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MAXR US Equity 
MAXAR TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
3,871,148,028 
US57778K1051 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CERE US Equity 
CEREVEL THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
3,870,986,266 
US15678U1280 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UA US Equity 
UNDER ARMO-C 
Equity Securities 
3,869,815,141 
US9043112062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UAA US Equity 
UNDER ARMOUR-A 
Equity Securities 
3,869,815,141 
US9043111072 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AZA SS Equity 
AVANZA BANK HOLD 
Equity Securities 
3,868,954,232 
SE0012454072 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DNR IM Equity 
INDUSTRIE DE NORA SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,862,649,088 
IT0005186371 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
KRN GR Equity 
KRONES AG 
Equity Securities 
3,859,234,190 
DE0006335003 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BGN IM Equity 
BANCA GENERALI SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,858,054,144 
IT0001031084 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
KBCA BB Equity 
KBC ANCORA 
Equity Securities 
3,850,047,278 
BE0003867844 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
W US Equity 
WAYFAIR INC- A 
Equity Securities 
3,847,759,622 
US94419L1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 150 ---
Annex I - page 40 of 162 
 
XPO US Equity 
XPO INC 
Equity Securities 
3,846,249,933 
US9837931008 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ASGN US Equity 
ASGN INC 
Equity Securities 
3,845,893,000 
US00191U1025 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LYFT US Equity 
LYFT INC-A 
Equity Securities 
3,845,112,236 
US55087P1049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CERT US Equity 
CERTARA INC 
Equity Securities 
3,845,101,525 
US15687V1098 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CWAN US Equity 
CLEARWATER AN-A 
Equity Securities 
3,842,862,925 
US1851231068 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DRS US Equity 
LEONARDO DRS INC 
Equity Securities 
3,830,130,585 
US52661A1088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9688 HK Equity 
ZAI LAB LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,829,091,452 
KYG9887T1168 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SYNA US Equity 
SYNAPTICS INC 
Equity Securities 
3,828,479,957 
US87157D1090 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3360 HK Equity 
FAR EAST HORIZON 
Equity Securities 
3,821,799,083 
HK0000077468 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
PINC US Equity 
PREMIER INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,819,207,570 
US74051N1028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LAZ US Equity 
LAZARD LTD-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,818,259,841 
BMG540501027 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
467 HK Equity 
UNITED ENERGY GP 
Equity Securities 
3,817,949,235 
BMG9231L1081 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
TKWY NA Equity 
JUST EAT TAKEAWA 
Equity Securities 
3,814,016,651 
NL0012015705 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
AZEK US Equity 
AZEK CO INC/THE 
Equity Securities 
3,811,996,474 
US05478C1053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BCP PL Equity 
BANCO COM PORT-R 
Equity Securities 
3,808,806,942 
PTBCP0AM0015 
Financials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
BE US Equity 
BLOOM ENERGY C-A 
Equity Securities 
3,801,950,431 
US0937121079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1551 HK Equity 
GUANGZHOU RURA-H 
Equity Securities 
3,792,825,269 
CNE100002FR4 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
AYX US Equity 
ALTERYX INC -A 
Equity Securities 
3,792,462,179 
US02156B1035 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BL US Equity 
BLACKLINE INC 
Equity Securities 
3,788,006,095 
US09239B1098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HHC US Equity 
HOWARD HUGHE 
Equity Securities 
3,779,961,022 
US44267D1072 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GTES US Equity 
GATES INDUSTRIAL 
Equity Securities 
3,775,584,497 
GB00BD9G2S12 
Industrials 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
PEGA US Equity 
PEGASYSTEMS INC 
Equity Securities 
3,767,216,536 
US7055731035 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BECN US Equity 
BEACON ROOFING S 
Equity Securities 
3,767,049,378 
US0736851090 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FIE GR Equity 
FIELMANN AG 
Equity Securities 
3,749,734,660 
DE0005772206 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
412 HK Equity 
SHANDONG HI-SPEE 
Equity Securities 
3,749,731,715 
BMG805AL1070 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
COLR BB Equity 
COLRUYT SA 
Equity Securities 
3,738,530,940 
BE0974256852 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
EVT GR Equity 
EVOTEC SE 
Equity Securities 
3,736,565,308 
DE0005664809 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NXT AU Equity 
NEXTDC LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,732,364,385 
AU000000NXT8 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FLNC US Equity 
FLUENCE ENERGY I 
Equity Securities 
3,731,423,128 
US34379V1035 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TGNA US Equity 
TEGNA INC 
Equity Securities 
3,731,091,275 
US87901J1051 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SM US Equity 
SM ENERGY CO 
Equity Securities 
3,728,824,383 
US78454L1008 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ELUXA SS Equity 
ELECTROLUX AB-A 
Equity Securities 
3,727,171,513 
SE0016589170 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ELUXB SS Equity 
ELECTROLUX AB-B 
Equity Securities 
3,726,737,835 
SE0016589188 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
973 HK Equity 
LOCCITANE INTL 
Equity Securities 
3,721,622,747 
LU0501835309 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Hong Kong 
LOPE US Equity 
GRAND CANYON EDU 
Equity Securities 
3,718,520,959 
US38526M1062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FL US Equity 
FOOT LOCKER INC 
Equity Securities 
3,718,488,966 
US3448491049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6199 HK Equity 
BANK OF GUIZHO-H 
Equity Securities 
3,716,747,264 
CNE100003PT7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
576 HK Equity 
ZHEJIANGEXPRE-H 
Equity Securities 
3,712,442,089 
CNE1000004S4 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
6993 HK Equity 
BLUE MOON GROUP 
Equity Securities 
3,711,647,131 
KYG1193D1097 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
880 HK Equity 
SJM HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,709,270,546 
HK0880043028 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CWY AU Equity 
CLEANAWAY WASTE 
Equity Securities 
3,706,855,114 
AU000000CWY3 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CADE US Equity 
CADENCE BANK 
Equity Securities 
3,702,161,629 
US12740C1036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADNT US Equity 
ADIENT PLC 
Equity Securities 
3,699,033,209 
IE00BD845X29 
Consumer Discretionary 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
STNE US Equity 
STONECO LTD-A 
Equity Securities 
3,697,602,116 
KYG851581069 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
RDN US Equity 
RADIAN GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
3,687,181,234 
US7502361014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GIL GR Equity 
DMG MORI AG 
Equity Securities 
3,683,066,200 
DE0005878003 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
INST US Equity 
INSTRUCTURE HOLD 
Equity Securities 
3,672,968,956 
US4577901030 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARCAD NA Equity 
ARCADIS NV 
Equity Securities 
3,671,364,502 
NL0006237562 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
AVNT US Equity 
AVIENT CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,666,855,826 
US05368V1061 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 151 ---
Annex I - page 41 of 162 
 
MMB FP Equity 
LAGARDERE SA 
Equity Securities 
3,662,154,595 
FR0000130213 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ZABA CZ Equity 
ZAGREBACKA BANKA 
Equity Securities 
3,661,902,571 
HRZABARA0009 
Financials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
ALKB DC Equity 
ALK-ABELLO A/S 
Equity Securities 
3,659,966,901 
DK0061802139 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
VIG AV Equity 
VIENNA INSURANCE 
Equity Securities 
3,659,135,864 
AT0000908504 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
2689 HK Equity 
NINE DRAGONS PAP 
Equity Securities 
3,658,185,736 
BMG653181005 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
683 HK Equity 
KERRY PPT 
Equity Securities 
3,656,967,368 
BMG524401079 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FLU AV Equity 
FLUGHAFEN WIEN 
Equity Securities 
3,653,091,060 
AT00000VIE62 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
EVH US Equity 
EVOLENT HEALTH-A 
Equity Securities 
3,651,403,372 
US30050B1017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BTU US Equity 
PEABODY ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
3,651,095,921 
US7045511000 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SEAS US Equity 
SEAWORLD ENTERTA 
Equity Securities 
3,649,159,060 
US81282V1008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
317 HK Equity 
CSSC OFFSHORE -H 
Equity Securities 
3,646,460,366 
CNE100000395 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ZD US Equity 
ZIFF DAVIS INC 
Equity Securities 
3,637,621,596 
US48123V1026 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PTCT US Equity 
PTC THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
3,636,872,145 
US69366J2006 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALE US Equity 
ALLETE INC 
Equity Securities 
3,633,083,938 
US0185223007 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MANU US Equity 
MANCHESTER UNI-A 
Equity Securities 
3,627,684,305 
KYG5784H1065 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SZU GR Equity 
SUEDZUCKER AG 
Equity Securities 
3,625,667,267 
DE0007297004 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ZWS US Equity 
ZURN ELKAY WATER 
Equity Securities 
3,625,284,594 
US98983L1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6808 HK Equity 
SUN ART RETAIL 
Equity Securities 
3,621,488,279 
HK0000083920 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
WTM US Equity 
WHITE MOUNTAINS 
Equity Securities 
3,620,700,900 
BMG9618E1075 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
BLKB US Equity 
BLACKBAUD INC 
Equity Securities 
3,619,744,974 
US09227Q1004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1208 HK Equity 
MMG 
Equity Securities 
3,610,109,737 
HK1208013172 
Materials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CPA US Equity 
COPA HOLDIN-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,606,154,195 
PAP310761054 
Industrials 
Panama 
Panama 
New York 
552 HK Equity 
CHINA COMM SER-H 
Equity Securities 
3,599,810,941 
CNE1000002G3 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FN US Equity 
FABRINET 
Equity Securities 
3,596,796,817 
KYG3323L1005 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
NK FP Equity 
IMERYS SA 
Equity Securities 
3,595,614,197 
FR0000120859 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PI US Equity 
IMPINJ INC 
Equity Securities 
3,595,553,454 
US4532041096 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SEM US Equity 
SELECT MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
3,595,273,407 
US81619Q1058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RUM US Equity 
RUMBLE INC 
Equity Securities 
3,595,081,414 
US78137L1052 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STB NO Equity 
STOREBRAND ASA 
Equity Securities 
3,592,323,584 
NO0003053605 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MBK PW Equity 
MBANK SA 
Equity Securities 
3,592,189,639 
PLBRE0000012 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
314 HK Equity 
SIPAI HEALTH TEC 
Equity Securities 
3,591,610,872 
KYG8192S1021 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AIXA GR Equity 
AIXTRON SE 
Equity Securities 
3,584,399,667 
DE000A0WMPJ6 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
QUB AU Equity 
QUBE HOLDINGS LT 
Equity Securities 
3,580,309,580 
AU000000QUB5 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SR US Equity 
SPIRE INC 
Equity Securities 
3,573,663,185 
US84857L1017 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FRO US Equity 
FRONTLINE PLC 
Equity Securities 
3,566,418,682 
CY0200352116 
Energy 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
New York 
NARI US Equity 
INARI MEDICAL IN 
Equity Securities 
3,565,952,922 
US45332Y1091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OLLI US Equity 
OLLIES BARGAIN 
Equity Securities 
3,564,457,309 
US6811161099 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FUL US Equity 
HB FULLER CO 
Equity Securities 
3,563,705,773 
US3596941068 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NEU US Equity 
NEWMARKET CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,561,874,847 
US6515871076 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ESAB US Equity 
ESAB CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,556,898,973 
US29605J1060 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LNC US Equity 
LINCOLN NATL CRP 
Equity Securities 
3,555,206,806 
US5341871094 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BMI US Equity 
BADGER METER INC 
Equity Securities 
3,553,802,739 
US0565251081 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SMPL US Equity 
SIMPLY GOOD FOOD 
Equity Securities 
3,552,609,816 
US82900L1026 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KWR US Equity 
QUAKER CHEMICAL 
Equity Securities 
3,544,015,817 
US7473161070 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TFSL US Equity 
TFS FINANCIAL CO 
Equity Securities 
3,540,533,685 
US87240R1077 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MRVI US Equity 
MARAVAI LIFESC-A 
Equity Securities 
3,539,907,360 
US56600D1072 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CIE SM Equity 
CIE AUTOMOTIVE 
Equity Securities 
3,533,275,040 
ES0105630315 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
3918 HK Equity 
NAGACORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,528,083,488 
KYG6382M1096 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VLBN SV Equity 
SBERBANK BANKA D 
Equity Securities 
3,510,500,182 
SI0021111008 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana

--- Page 152 ---
Annex I - page 42 of 162 
 
1999 HK Equity 
MAN WAH HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
3,506,961,344 
BMG5800U1071 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AMN US Equity 
AMN HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
3,506,790,794 
US0017441017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3900 HK Equity 
GREENTOWN CHINA 
Equity Securities 
3,502,911,704 
KYG4100M1050 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NWE US Equity 
NORTHWESTERN COR 
Equity Securities 
3,501,891,548 
US6680743050 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CXM US Equity 
SPRINKLR INC-A 
Equity Securities 
3,491,281,692 
US85208T1079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OI US Equity 
O-I GLASS INC 
Equity Securities 
3,489,496,036 
US67098H1041 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
564 HK Equity 
ZHENGZHOU COAL-H 
Equity Securities 
3,484,955,423 
CNE100001LY0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LXS GR Equity 
LANXESS AG 
Equity Securities 
3,483,583,167 
DE0005470405 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NEOG US Equity 
NEOGEN CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,481,155,218 
US6404911066 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PGE PW Equity 
PGE SA 
Equity Securities 
3,477,552,916 
PLPGER000010 
Utilities 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
KOS US Equity 
KOSMOS ENERGY LT 
Equity Securities 
3,474,462,101 
US5006881065 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RETA US Equity 
REATA PHARMACE-A 
Equity Securities 
3,472,436,020 
US75615P1030 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
694 HK Equity 
BEIJING CAP AI-H 
Equity Securities 
3,470,886,981 
CNE100000221 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WAL US Equity 
WESTERN ALLIANCE 
Equity Securities 
3,470,405,138 
US9576381092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2469 HK Equity 
FENBI LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,467,949,737 
KYG3413F1046 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9992 HK Equity 
POP MART INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
3,466,928,851 
KYG7170M1033 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
69 HK Equity 
SHANGRI-LA ASIA 
Equity Securities 
3,466,813,077 
BMG8063F1068 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ENV US Equity 
ENVESTNET INC 
Equity Securities 
3,464,832,281 
US29404K1060 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VIS SM Equity 
VISCOFAN 
Equity Securities 
3,461,280,846 
ES0184262212 
Consumer Staples 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
6049 HK Equity 
POLY PROPERTY-H 
Equity Securities 
3,457,496,792 
CNE100003PV3 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BREB BB Equity 
BREDERODE 
Equity Securities 
3,454,143,793 
LU1068091351 
Financials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Brussels 
SLM US Equity 
SLM CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,453,826,079 
US78442P1066 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QS US Equity 
QUANTUMSCAPE COR 
Equity Securities 
3,453,761,988 
US74767V1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SRAD US Equity 
SPORTRADAR GROUP 
Equity Securities 
3,453,646,598 
CH1134239669 
Consumer Discretionary 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
NASDAQ 
1888 HK Equity 
KB LAMINATES 
Equity Securities 
3,441,980,254 
KYG5257K1076 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3331 HK Equity 
VINDA INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
3,441,286,821 
KYG9361V1086 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALU AU Equity 
ALTIUM LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,439,171,764 
AU000000ALU8 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6680 HK Equity 
JL MAG RARE-EA-H 
Equity Securities 
3,438,845,883 
CNE1000055Y4 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GPS US Equity 
GAP INC/THE 
Equity Securities 
3,435,519,684 
US3647601083 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9922 HK Equity 
JIUMAOJIU INTERN 
Equity Securities 
3,435,285,508 
KYG5141L1059 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
425 HK Equity 
MINTH GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,433,755,555 
KYG6145U1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
148 HK Equity 
KINGBOARD HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
3,432,354,550 
KYG525621408 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
YETI US Equity 
YETI HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
3,428,937,623 
US98585X1046 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LTH US Equity 
LIFE TIME GROUP 
Equity Securities 
3,428,331,896 
US53190C1027 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
659 HK Equity 
NWS HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
3,427,272,245 
BMG668971101 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BDC US Equity 
BELDEN INC 
Equity Securities 
3,423,209,758 
US0774541066 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PPC GA Equity 
PUBLIC POWER COR 
Equity Securities 
3,423,073,223 
GRS434003000 
Utilities 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
1839 HK Equity 
CIMC VEHICLES -H 
Equity Securities 
3,419,748,805 
CNE100003K46 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
AEIS US Equity 
ADV ENERGY INDS 
Equity Securities 
3,415,255,051 
US0079731008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SFM US Equity 
SPROUTS FARMERS 
Equity Securities 
3,414,111,401 
US85208M1027 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WHD US Equity 
CACTUS INC- A 
Equity Securities 
3,412,166,822 
US1272031071 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1691 HK Equity 
JS GLOBAL LIFEST 
Equity Securities 
3,410,072,846 
KYG2S85A1045 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
23 HK Equity 
BANK EAST ASIA 
Equity Securities 
3,408,885,145 
HK0023000190 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CRVL US Equity 
CORVEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,400,910,827 
US2210061097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VERX US Equity 
VERTEX INC - A 
Equity Securities 
3,390,658,298 
US92538J1060 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PROX BB Equity 
PROXIMUS 
Equity Securities 
3,388,039,999 
BE0003810273 
Communication Services 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
LOG SM Equity 
CIA DE DISTRIBUC 
Equity Securities 
3,386,548,025 
ES0105027009 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SNG RO Equity 
SOCIETATEA NATIO 
Equity Securities 
3,385,860,957 
ROSNGNACNOR3 
Energy 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
NNI US Equity 
NELNET INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,379,669,546 
US64031N1081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 153 ---
Annex I - page 43 of 162 
 
631 HK Equity 
SANY HEAVY EQUIP 
Equity Securities 
3,379,404,408 
KYG781631059 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CNMD US Equity 
CONMED CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,377,543,808 
US2074101013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DNLI US Equity 
DENALI THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
3,377,304,633 
US24823R1059 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KD US Equity 
KYNDRYL HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
3,373,899,743 
US50155Q1004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BEN AU Equity 
BENDIGO AND ADEL 
Equity Securities 
3,372,917,818 
AU000000BEN6 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AWR US Equity 
AMER STATES WATE 
Equity Securities 
3,371,999,223 
US0298991011 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1313 HK Equity 
CHINA RES CEMENT 
Equity Securities 
3,371,423,216 
KYG2113L1068 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KMPR US Equity 
KEMPER CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,363,223,071 
US4884011002 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NTLA US Equity 
INTELLIA THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
3,358,764,552 
US45826J1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JBH AU Equity 
JB HI-FI LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,356,160,531 
AU000000JBH7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TIGO US Equity 
MILLICOM INTL 
Equity Securities 
3,352,436,021 
LU0038705702 
Communication Services 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NASDAQ 
STNG US Equity 
SCORPIO TANKERS 
Equity Securities 
3,351,495,066 
MHY7542C1306 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
JBT US Equity 
JOHN BEAN TECH 
Equity Securities 
3,351,313,819 
US4778391049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SIG US Equity 
SIGNET JEWELERS 
Equity Securities 
3,346,416,160 
BMG812761002 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
ALIVP BB Equity 
ALIAXIS SA 
Equity Securities 
3,345,786,292 
BE0941243520 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
ENS US Equity 
ENERSYS 
Equity Securities 
3,343,615,308 
US29275Y1029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CCOI US Equity 
COGENT COMMUNICA 
Equity Securities 
3,337,118,864 
US19239V3024 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DLG IM Equity 
DE'LONGHI SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,333,838,080 
IT0003115950 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TNE AU Equity 
TECHNOLOGY ONE 
Equity Securities 
3,331,915,929 
AU000000TNE8 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SECTB SS Equity 
SECTRA AB-B 
Equity Securities 
3,327,840,441 
SE0018245953 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CALX US Equity 
CALIX INC 
Equity Securities 
3,327,160,680 
US13100M5094 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WIE AV Equity 
WIENERBERGER AG 
Equity Securities 
3,326,770,054 
AT0000831706 
Materials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
ILU AU Equity 
ILUKA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
3,317,890,018 
AU000000ILU1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PTON US Equity 
PELOTON INTERA-A 
Equity Securities 
3,314,874,005 
US70614W1009 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9698 HK Equity 
GDS HOLDING-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,313,013,872 
KYG3902L1095 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MMK AV Equity 
MAYR-MELNHOF KAR 
Equity Securities 
3,311,693,877 
AT0000938204 
Materials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
CGCBV FH Equity 
CARGOTEC OYJ-B 
Equity Securities 
3,311,164,070 
FI0009013429 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CYTK US Equity 
CYTOKINETICS INC 
Equity Securities 
3,309,713,179 
US23282W6057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VEA AU Equity 
VIVA ENERGY GROU 
Equity Securities 
3,308,561,415 
AU0000016875 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DEME BB Equity 
DEME GROUP 
Equity Securities 
3,306,592,704 
BE0974413453 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1368 HK Equity 
XTEP INTL 
Equity Securities 
3,305,175,262 
KYG982771092 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GEF US Equity 
GREIF INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,303,433,851 
US3976241071 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GEF/B US Equity 
GREIF INC-CL B 
Equity Securities 
3,303,433,851 
US3976242061 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TMV GR Equity 
TEAMVIEWER SE 
Equity Securities 
3,299,643,492 
DE000A2YN900 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ARWR US Equity 
ARROWHEAD PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
3,299,127,565 
US04280A1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GOLF US Equity 
ACUSHNET HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
3,293,733,458 
US0050981085 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2009 HK Equity 
BBMG CORP-H 
Equity Securities 
3,293,548,343 
CNE100000F20 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
VIR US Equity 
VIR BIOTECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
3,288,004,479 
US92764N1028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SANM US Equity 
SANMINA CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,286,120,172 
US8010561020 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UBI FP Equity 
UBISOFT ENTERTAI 
Equity Securities 
3,284,930,425 
FR0000054470 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CWT US Equity 
CALIF WATER SRVC 
Equity Securities 
3,284,901,467 
US1307881029 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FNTN GR Equity 
FREENET AG 
Equity Securities 
3,284,266,557 
DE000A0Z2ZZ5 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
2096 HK Equity 
SIMCERE PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
3,280,649,864 
HK0000658531 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
9985 HK Equity 
WEILONG DELICIOU 
Equity Securities 
3,276,670,197 
KYG9T20T1051 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KBH US Equity 
KB HOME 
Equity Securities 
3,274,075,410 
US48666K1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VID SM Equity 
VIDRALA 
Equity Securities 
3,273,678,326 
ES0183746314 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
TWNK US Equity 
HOSTESS BRANDS 
Equity Securities 
3,268,785,583 
US44109J1060 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UTDI GR Equity 
UNITED INTERN-RE 
Equity Securities 
3,259,445,639 
DE0005089031 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AVA US Equity 
AVISTA CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,255,318,946 
US05379B1070 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 154 ---
Annex I - page 44 of 162 
 
NOMD US Equity 
NOMAD FOODS 
Equity Securities 
3,253,072,170 
VGG6564A1057 
Consumer Staples 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
New York 
SUBC NO Equity 
SUBSEA 7 SA 
Equity Securities 
3,251,758,592 
LU0075646355 
Energy 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Oslo 
HRI US Equity 
HERC HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
3,249,536,317 
US42704L1044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GXI GR Equity 
GERRESHEIMER AG 
Equity Securities 
3,248,736,509 
DE000A0LD6E6 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AFRM US Equity 
AFFIRM HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
3,245,702,327 
US00827B1061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZGN US Equity 
ERMENEGILDO ZEGN 
Equity Securities 
3,236,300,845 
NL0015000PB5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
NWTN US Equity 
NWTN INC - CL B 
Equity Securities 
3,233,896,387 
KYG6693P1063 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
DOCN US Equity 
DIGITALOCEAN HOL 
Equity Securities 
3,228,640,261 
US25402D1028 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARRY US Equity 
ARRAY TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
3,226,103,414 
US04271T1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AY US Equity 
ATLANTICA SUSTAI 
Equity Securities 
3,225,171,952 
GB00BLP5YB54 
Utilities 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
FOLD US Equity 
AMICUS THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
3,222,948,013 
US03152W1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SUSE GR Equity 
SUSE SA 
Equity Securities 
3,218,128,967 
LU2333210958 
Information Technology 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
SFER IM Equity 
SALVATORE FERRAGAMO 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,217,833,216 
IT0004712375 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
WAWI NO Equity 
WALLENIUS WILHELMSEN 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
3,217,180,160 
NO0010571680 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GPI US Equity 
GROUP 1 AUTOMOTI 
Equity Securities 
3,215,596,536 
US3989051095 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BMBL US Equity 
BUMBLE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
3,215,229,461 
US12047B1052 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGO US Equity 
ASSURED GUARANTY 
Equity Securities 
3,210,467,134 
BMG0585R1060 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
STAA US Equity 
STAAR SURGICAL 
Equity Securities 
3,206,271,780 
US8523123052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VIRT US Equity 
VIRTU FINANCIA-A 
Equity Securities 
3,204,728,958 
US9282541013 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1528 HK Equity 
RED STAR MACAL-H 
Equity Securities 
3,204,315,530 
CNE100001ZS2 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
KOJAMO FH Equity 
KOJAMO OYJ 
Equity Securities 
3,201,041,323 
FI4000312251 
Real Estate 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MC US Equity 
MOELIS & CO-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,199,568,765 
US60786M1053 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SUM US Equity 
SUMMIT MATERIA-A 
Equity Securities 
3,196,595,049 
US86614U1007 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BAIN FP Equity 
SOC BAINS DE MER 
Equity Securities 
3,194,252,028 
MC0000031187 
Consumer Discretionary 
Monaco 
Monaco 
EN Paris 
FDR SM Equity 
FLUIDRA SA 
Equity Securities 
3,191,925,619 
ES0137650018 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
HI US Equity 
HILLENBRAND INC 
Equity Securities 
3,190,872,037 
US4315711089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GN DC Equity 
GN STORE NORD 
Equity Securities 
3,187,883,308 
DK0010272632 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2252 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI MICROPO 
Equity Securities 
3,187,212,541 
CNE100004QP1 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
AZTA US Equity 
AZENTA INC 
Equity Securities 
3,187,046,594 
US1143401024 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FLYW US Equity 
FLYWIRE CORP-VOT 
Equity Securities 
3,185,021,737 
US3024921039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NCR US Equity 
NCR CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,176,320,029 
US62886E1082 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AWI US Equity 
ARMSTRONG WORLD 
Equity Securities 
3,174,771,785 
US04247X1028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRZE US Equity 
BRAZE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
3,172,770,062 
US10576N1028 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AZM IM Equity 
AZIMUT HOLDING SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,172,572,928 
IT0003261697 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SXT US Equity 
SENSIENT TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
3,169,957,816 
US81725T1007 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6666 HK Equity 
EVERGRANDE PROPE 
Equity Securities 
3,167,539,208 
KYG3224K1022 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IBP US Equity 
INSTALLED BUILDI 
Equity Securities 
3,166,636,185 
US45780R1014 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PFSI US Equity 
PENNYMAC FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
3,165,600,754 
US70932M1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HWC US Equity 
HANCOCK WHITNEY 
Equity Securities 
3,160,338,930 
US4101201097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EKTAB SS Equity 
ELEKTA AB-B 
Equity Securities 
3,159,542,009 
SE0000163628 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DMP AU Equity 
DOMINOS PIZZA E 
Equity Securities 
3,155,855,052 
AU000000DMP0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MAREL IR Equity 
MAREL HF 
Equity Securities 
3,151,350,784 
IS0000000388 
Industrials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
MAIN US Equity 
MAIN STREET CAPI 
Equity Securities 
3,146,996,062 
US56035L1044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MOG/A US Equity 
MOOG INC-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
3,143,053,782 
US6153942023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MOG/B US Equity 
MOOG INC-CLASS B 
Equity Securities 
3,143,053,782 
US6153943013 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BELA GA Equity 
JUMBO SA 
Equity Securities 
3,141,551,688 
GRS282183003 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
B4B GR Equity 
METRO AG 
Equity Securities 
3,136,008,227 
DE000BFB0019 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra

--- Page 155 ---
Annex I - page 45 of 162 
 
AEL US Equity 
AMER EQUITY INVT 
Equity Securities 
3,135,178,859 
US0256762065 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FRPT US Equity 
FRESHPET INC 
Equity Securities 
3,132,751,964 
US3580391056 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
586 HK Equity 
CONCH VENTURE 
Equity Securities 
3,131,769,592 
KYG2116J1085 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UNF US Equity 
UNIFIRST CORP/MA 
Equity Securities 
3,130,878,992 
US9047081040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CHPT US Equity 
CHARGEPOINT HOLD 
Equity Securities 
3,124,780,486 
US15961R1059 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PBH US Equity 
PRESTIGE CONSUME 
Equity Securities 
3,122,373,057 
US74112D1019 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FSS US Equity 
FED SIGNAL CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,119,751,996 
US3138551086 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SIM DC Equity 
SIMCORP A/S 
Equity Securities 
3,116,901,887 
DK0060495240 
Information Technology 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
3660 HK Equity 
360 DIGITECH INA 
Equity Securities 
3,113,535,196 
KYG8851G1001 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NHC AU Equity 
NEW HOPE CORP LT 
Equity Securities 
3,109,867,605 
AU000000NHC7 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AWC AU Equity 
ALUMINA LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,107,361,340 
AU000000AWC3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
9668 HK Equity 
CHINA BOHAI BA-H 
Equity Securities 
3,099,904,549 
CNE100003YB7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GBTG US Equity 
GLOBAL BUSINESS 
Equity Securities 
3,099,169,120 
US37890B1008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LITE US Equity 
LUMENTUM HOL 
Equity Securities 
3,098,940,000 
US55024U1097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TLV RO Equity 
BANCA TRANSILVAN 
Equity Securities 
3,095,866,995 
ROTLVAACNOR1 
Financials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
ERA FP Equity 
ERAMET 
Equity Securities 
3,095,223,337 
FR0000131757 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SNN RO Equity 
SOCIETATEA NATIO 
Equity Securities 
3,092,785,742 
ROSNNEACNOR8 
Utilities 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
ANTIN FP Equity 
ANTIN INFRASTRUC 
Equity Securities 
3,090,376,650 
FR0014005AL0 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
COOP US Equity 
MR COOPER GROUP 
Equity Securities 
3,089,489,095 
US62482R1077 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACE IM Equity 
ACEA SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,088,207,872 
IT0001207098 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
UCBI US Equity 
UNITED COMMUNITY 
Equity Securities 
3,088,116,969 
US90984P3038 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BMPS IM Equity 
BANCA MONTE DEI 
PASCHI SIENA 
Equity Securities 
3,086,837,760 
IT0005508921 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CRK US Equity 
COMSTOCK RES INC 
Equity Securities 
3,085,913,035 
US2057683029 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HVN AU Equity 
HARVEY NORMAN 
Equity Securities 
3,078,573,471 
AU000000HVN7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VK FP Equity 
VALLOUREC 
Equity Securities 
3,074,638,464 
FR0013506730 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
14 HK Equity 
HYSAN DEV 
Equity Securities 
3,074,522,472 
HK0014000126 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
LSG NO Equity 
LEROY SEAFOOD GROUP 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
3,074,202,368 
NO0003096208 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
OTTR US Equity 
OTTER TAIL CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,071,315,876 
US6896481032 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PEUG FP Equity 
PEUGEOT INVEST 
Equity Securities 
3,069,346,383 
FR0000064784 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RUSHA US Equity 
RUSH ENTER-CL A 
Equity Securities 
3,069,224,401 
US7818462092 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RUSHB US Equity 
RUSH ENTER-CL B 
Equity Securities 
3,069,224,401 
US7818463082 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TPEIR GA Equity 
PIRAEUS FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
3,065,756,522 
GRS014003032 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
PGNY US Equity 
PROGYNY INC 
Equity Securities 
3,054,963,000 
US74340E1038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TEX US Equity 
TEREX CORP 
Equity Securities 
3,053,803,897 
US8807791038 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GT US Equity 
GOODYEAR TIRE 
Equity Securities 
3,053,581,123 
US3825501014 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPM IM Equity 
SAIPEM SPA 
Equity Securities 
3,052,548,608 
IT0005495657 
Energy 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PAGS US Equity 
PAGSEGURO DIGI-A 
Equity Securities 
3,048,876,091 
KYG687071012 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
ALPHA GA Equity 
ALPHA SERVICES A 
Equity Securities 
3,047,497,350 
GRS015003007 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
INMD US Equity 
INMODE LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,047,414,014 
IL0011595993 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
1579 HK Equity 
YIHAI INTERNATIO 
Equity Securities 
3,047,384,770 
KYG984191075 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WOR US Equity 
WORTHINGTON INDS 
Equity Securities 
3,046,023,445 
US9818111026 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SPXC US Equity 
SPX TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
3,042,420,304 
US78473E1038 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALB SM Equity 
ALBA 
Equity Securities 
3,042,041,100 
ES0117160111 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
PD US Equity 
PAGERDUTY INC 
Equity Securities 
3,036,817,037 
US69553P1003 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BCO US Equity 
BRINKS CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
3,035,331,916 
US1096961040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VSH US Equity 
VISHAY INTERTECH 
Equity Securities 
3,031,907,646 
US9282981086 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1508 HK Equity 
CHINA REINSURA-H 
Equity Securities 
3,030,445,385 
CNE100002342 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong

--- Page 156 ---
Annex I - page 46 of 162 
 
SAX GR Equity 
STROEER SE & CO 
Equity Securities 
3,028,107,020 
DE0007493991 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
JXN US Equity 
JACKSON FI-A 
Equity Securities 
3,026,297,424 
US46817M1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TNL US Equity 
TRAVEL + LEISURE 
Equity Securities 
3,023,563,195 
US8941641024 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WIRE US Equity 
ENCORE WIRE 
Equity Securities 
3,022,913,675 
US2925621052 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RUI FP Equity 
RUBIS 
Equity Securities 
3,015,579,844 
FR0013269123 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PMAG AV Equity 
PIERER MOBILITY 
Equity Securities 
3,010,176,211 
AT0000KTMI02 
Consumer Discretionary 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
HUFVA SS Equity 
HUFVUDSTADEN -A 
Equity Securities 
3,005,709,999 
SE0000170375 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RELY US Equity 
REMIT GLOBAL INC 
Equity Securities 
3,004,773,343 
US75960P1049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FIBK US Equity 
FIRST INTER/MT-A 
Equity Securities 
3,002,683,264 
US32055Y2019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6869 HK Equity 
YOFC-H 
Equity Securities 
3,002,323,345 
CNE100001T72 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CGF AU Equity 
CHALLENGER LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,000,816,125 
AU000000CGF5 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
IHS US Equity 
IHS HOLDING LTD 
Equity Securities 
3,000,556,818 
KYG4701H1092 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
UNI SM Equity 
UNICAJA BANCO SA 
Equity Securities 
2,997,802,013 
ES0180907000 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
NOG US Equity 
NORTHERN OIL AND 
Equity Securities 
2,992,620,732 
US6655313079 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAI AV Equity 
CA IMMOBILIEN AN 
Equity Securities 
2,991,721,450 
AT0000641352 
Real Estate 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
GNW US Equity 
GENWORTH FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
2,988,531,324 
US37247D1063 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TR US Equity 
TOOTSIE ROLL IND 
Equity Securities 
2,984,881,644 
US8905161076 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WERN US Equity 
WERNER ENT 
Equity Securities 
2,983,786,053 
US9507551086 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AXSM US Equity 
AXSOME THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
2,980,880,319 
US05464T1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CNS US Equity 
COHEN & STEERS 
Equity Securities 
2,974,816,945 
US19247A1007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TGTX US Equity 
TG THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
2,974,098,741 
US88322Q1085 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ROG US Equity 
ROGERS CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,969,823,048 
US7751331015 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SPR US Equity 
SPIRIT AEROSYS-A 
Equity Securities 
2,964,996,723 
US8485741099 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HAFNI NO Equity 
HAFNIA LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,951,032,320 
BMG4233B1090 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
BRP US Equity 
BRP GROUP INC-A 
Equity Securities 
2,943,970,733 
US05589G1022 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVI US Equity 
CVR ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
2,943,535,939 
US12662P1084 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ENOV US Equity 
ENOVIS CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,943,340,149 
US1940145022 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APPN US Equity 
APPIAN CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
2,939,670,041 
US03782L1017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PJT US Equity 
PJT PARTNERS - A 
Equity Securities 
2,936,860,988 
US69343T1079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1963 HK Equity 
BANK OF CHONGQ-H 
Equity Securities 
2,932,235,036 
CNE100001QN2 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ALMB DC Equity 
ALM. BRAND A/S 
Equity Securities 
2,927,078,943 
DK0015250344 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
6190 HK Equity 
BANK OF JIUJIANG 
Equity Securities 
2,925,678,514 
CNE1000031G2 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CRC US Equity 
CALIFORNIA RESOU 
Equity Securities 
2,924,058,134 
US13057Q3056 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PCVX US Equity 
VAXCYTE INC 
Equity Securities 
2,921,231,036 
US92243G1085 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACAD US Equity 
ACADIA PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
2,918,521,010 
US0042251084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLHK FP Equity 
H&K AG 
Equity Securities 
2,917,554,279 
DE000A11Q133 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
EN Paris 
323 HK Equity 
MAANSHAN IRON-H 
Equity Securities 
2,914,982,847 
CNE1000003R8 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
COP GR Equity 
COMPUGROUP MEDIC 
Equity Securities 
2,909,156,521 
DE000A288904 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SRBNK NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 SR BANK 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
2,906,180,352 
NO0010631567 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ACA US Equity 
ARCOSA INC 
Equity Securities 
2,902,133,141 
US0396531008 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HGTY US Equity 
HAGERTY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
2,901,250,949 
US4051661092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRCY US Equity 
MERCURY SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
2,899,002,532 
US5893781089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VITR SS Equity 
VITROLIFE AB 
Equity Securities 
2,895,707,846 
SE0011205202 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KEMIRA FH Equity 
KEMIRA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
2,891,629,357 
FI0009004824 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
PROK US Equity 
PROKIDNEY CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,889,540,133 
KYG7S53R1049 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BHF US Equity 
BRIGHTHOUSE FINA 
Equity Securities 
2,884,560,648 
US10922N1037 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KCR FH Equity 
KONECRANES OYJ 
Equity Securities 
2,884,291,776 
FI0009005870 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
SPT US Equity 
SPROUT SOCIAL-A 
Equity Securities 
2,882,919,384 
US85209W1099 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 157 ---
Annex I - page 47 of 162 
 
BLD AU Equity 
BORAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,880,986,802 
AU000000BLD2 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FWRD US Equity 
FORWARD AIR CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,879,761,063 
US3498531017 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VTSC GR Equity 
VITESCO TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
2,877,816,040 
DE000VTSC017 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
EBRO SM Equity 
EBRO FOODS SA 
Equity Securities 
2,866,085,076 
ES0112501012 
Consumer Staples 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
THS US Equity 
TREEHOUSE FOODS 
Equity Securities 
2,866,055,127 
US89469A1043 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PMV AU Equity 
PREMIER INV LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,865,011,762 
AU000000PMV2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AXNX US Equity 
AXONICS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,863,913,609 
US05465P1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TESB BB Equity 
TESSENDERLO GROU 
Equity Securities 
2,861,869,058 
BE0003555639 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
JJSF US Equity 
J & J SNACK FOOD 
Equity Securities 
2,860,555,131 
US4660321096 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MOH GA Equity 
MOTOR OIL-HELLAS 
Equity Securities 
2,857,565,991 
GRS426003000 
Energy 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
SDRL NO Equity 
SEADRILL LIMITED 
Equity Securities 
2,856,262,400 
BMG7997W1029 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
ABM US Equity 
ABM INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
2,855,117,794 
US0009571003 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BB FP Equity 
BIC 
Equity Securities 
2,853,878,642 
FR0000120966 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ESMT US Equity 
ENGAGESMART INC 
Equity Securities 
2,853,515,863 
US29283F1030 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1833 HK Equity 
PING AN HEALTHCA 
Equity Securities 
2,850,515,122 
KYG711391022 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PRVA US Equity 
PRIVIA HEALTH GR 
Equity Securities 
2,842,738,076 
US74276R1023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GHC US Equity 
GRAHAM HOLDING-B 
Equity Securities 
2,842,127,217 
US3846371041 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APAM NA Equity 
APERAM 
Equity Securities 
2,835,734,130 
LU0569974404 
Materials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
LIFW US Equity 
MSP RECOVERY INC 
Equity Securities 
2,831,664,106 
US5537451008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INTA US Equity 
INTAPP INC 
Equity Securities 
2,831,217,616 
US45827U1097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1798 HK Equity 
CHINA DATANG C-H 
Equity Securities 
2,826,123,734 
CNE100000X69 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
UMBF US Equity 
UMB FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
2,822,461,726 
US9027881088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACIW US Equity 
ACI WORLDWIDE IN 
Equity Securities 
2,820,629,687 
US0044981019 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RPD US Equity 
RAPID7 INC 
Equity Securities 
2,819,510,098 
US7534221046 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
53 HK Equity 
GUOCO GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,814,787,494 
BMG420981224 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
LCII US Equity 
LCI INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
2,812,630,306 
US50189K1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BPMC US Equity 
BLUEPRINT MEDICI 
Equity Securities 
2,810,828,356 
US09627Y1091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LFST US Equity 
LIFESTANCE HEALT 
Equity Securities 
2,807,720,707 
US53228F1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAR BB Equity 
BARCO NV 
Equity Securities 
2,807,407,566 
BE0974362940 
Information Technology 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
FABG SS Equity 
FABEGE AB 
Equity Securities 
2,803,703,469 
SE0011166974 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AIN US Equity 
ALBANY INTL CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,802,579,892 
US0123481089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APAM US Equity 
ARTISAN PARTNE-A 
Equity Securities 
2,801,915,308 
US04316A1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ECV GR Equity 
ENCAVIS AG 
Equity Securities 
2,801,858,533 
DE0006095003 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SPB US Equity 
SPECTRUM BRANDS 
Equity Securities 
2,801,014,458 
US84790A1051 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
817 HK Equity 
CHINA JINMAO HOL 
Equity Securities 
2,798,728,513 
HK0817039453 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ALVO US Equity 
ALVOTECH SA 
Equity Securities 
2,798,258,325 
LU2458332611 
Health Care 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NASDAQ 
PACB US Equity 
PACIFIC BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
2,797,879,672 
US69404D1081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NCNO US Equity 
NCINO INC 
Equity Securities 
2,797,810,227 
US63947X1019 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2128 HK Equity 
CHINA LESSO 
Equity Securities 
2,790,236,124 
KYG2157Q1029 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BOQ AU Equity 
BANK QUEENSLAND 
Equity Securities 
2,786,178,886 
AU000000BOQ8 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CNX US Equity 
CNX RESOURCES CO 
Equity Securities 
2,783,049,976 
US12653C1080 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INDB US Equity 
INDEP BANK/MA 
Equity Securities 
2,782,303,901 
US4538361084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
636 HK Equity 
KERRY LOGISTICS 
Equity Securities 
2,776,792,601 
BMG524181036 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
KLIC US Equity 
KULICKE & SOFFA 
Equity Securities 
2,776,005,435 
US5012421013 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3333 HK Equity 
CHINA EVERGRAND 
Equity Securities 
2,775,461,742 
KYG2119W1069 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AGL IM Equity 
AUTOGRILL SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,772,683,776 
IT0001137345 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
570 HK Equity 
TRAD CHI MED 
Equity Securities 
2,771,330,162 
HK0000056256 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ACX SM Equity 
ACERINOX 
Equity Securities 
2,770,570,129 
ES0132105018 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
TRMDA DC Equity 
TORM PLC-A 
Equity Securities 
2,768,451,696 
GB00BZ3CNK81 
Energy 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
Copenhagen

--- Page 158 ---
Annex I - page 48 of 162 
 
RNG US Equity 
RINGCENTRAL IN-A 
Equity Securities 
2,763,981,101 
US76680R2067 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SYDB DC Equity 
SYDBANK 
Equity Securities 
2,762,499,720 
DK0010311471 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
MCOVB SS Equity 
MEDICOVER AB-B 
Equity Securities 
2,762,243,929 
SE0009778848 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IFS US Equity 
INTERCORP FINANC 
Equity Securities 
2,758,490,200 
PAL2400671A3 
Financials 
Panama 
Panama 
New York 
PSEC US Equity 
PROSPECT CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
2,757,044,035 
US74348T1025 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SHOO US Equity 
STEVEN MADDEN 
Equity Securities 
2,753,547,518 
US5562691080 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VIRP FP Equity 
VIRBAC SA 
Equity Securities 
2,752,672,914 
FR0000031577 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MGEE US Equity 
MGE ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
2,752,032,457 
US55277P1049 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MDC US Equity 
MDC HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,749,542,376 
US5526761086 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SFBS US Equity 
SERVISFIRST BANC 
Equity Securities 
2,747,111,575 
US81768T1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1216 HK Equity 
ZHONGYUAN BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
2,747,091,860 
CNE100002GY8 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FLT AU Equity 
FLIGHT CENTRE TR 
Equity Securities 
2,744,214,409 
AU000000FLT9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
METSA FH Equity 
METSA BOARD OYJ 
Equity Securities 
2,740,313,705 
FI0009000640 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
METSB FH Equity 
METSA BOARD OYJ 
Equity Securities 
2,740,313,705 
FI0009000665 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
NVMI US Equity 
NOVA LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,740,228,382 
IL0010845571 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
UQA AV Equity 
UNIQA INSURANCE 
Equity Securities 
2,738,348,628 
AT0000821103 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
9989 HK Equity 
SHENZHEN HEPAL-H 
Equity Securities 
2,735,490,787 
CNE100003YN2 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FTAI US Equity 
FTAI AVIATION LT 
Equity Securities 
2,730,799,710 
KYG3730V1059 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CVLT US Equity 
COMMVAULT SYSTEM 
Equity Securities 
2,723,098,002 
US2041661024 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BFIT NA Equity 
BASIC-FIT NV 
Equity Securities 
2,721,262,399 
NL0011872650 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
GO US Equity 
GROCERY OUTLET 
Equity Securities 
2,720,491,658 
US39874R1014 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ASB US Equity 
ASSOC BANC-CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,718,647,397 
US0454871056 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CALM US Equity 
CAL-MAINE FOODS 
Equity Securities 
2,711,852,449 
US1280302027 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VGP BB Equity 
VGP 
Equity Securities 
2,711,114,057 
BE0003878957 
Real Estate 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
DY US Equity 
DYCOM INDS 
Equity Securities 
2,710,379,189 
US2674751019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HUBG US Equity 
HUB GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
2,708,754,378 
US4433201062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BHW PW Equity 
HANDLOWY 
Equity Securities 
2,706,334,367 
PLBH00000012 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DORM US Equity 
DORMAN PRODUCTS 
Equity Securities 
2,705,717,218 
US2582781009 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
POM FP Equity 
PLASTIC OMNIUM 
Equity Securities 
2,704,027,061 
FR0000124570 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
NGVT US Equity 
INGEVITY CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,701,592,359 
US45688C1071 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
754 HK Equity 
HOPSON DEV 
Equity Securities 
2,701,149,083 
BMG4600H1198 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
IPS FP Equity 
IPSOS 
Equity Securities 
2,700,431,259 
FR0000073298 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
NDX1 GR Equity 
NORDEX SE 
Equity Securities 
2,699,708,945 
DE000A0D6554 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
LOOMIS SS Equity 
LOOMIS AB 
Equity Securities 
2,694,922,753 
SE0014504817 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DNA US Equity 
GINKGO BIOWORKS 
Equity Securities 
2,694,354,549 
US37611X1000 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IRE IM Equity 
IREN SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,692,733,184 
IT0003027817 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
AMBA US Equity 
AMBARELLA INC 
Equity Securities 
2,691,546,012 
KYG037AX1015 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
OMCL US Equity 
OMNICELL INC 
Equity Securities 
2,690,610,942 
US68213N1090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HPK US Equity 
HIGHPEAK ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
2,688,801,042 
US43114Q1058 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AVAV US Equity 
AEROVIRONMENT IN 
Equity Securities 
2,686,071,138 
US0080731088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRNS US Equity 
VARONIS SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
2,685,022,992 
US9222801022 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6185 HK Equity 
CANSINO BIOLOG-H 
Equity Securities 
2,683,644,362 
CNE100003F01 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
THULE SS Equity 
THULE GROUP AB/T 
Equity Securities 
2,683,218,567 
SE0006422390 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KFY US Equity 
KORN FERRY 
Equity Securities 
2,682,298,147 
US5006432000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RARE US Equity 
ULTRAGENYX PHARM 
Equity Securities 
2,682,277,520 
US90400D1081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BANF US Equity 
BANCFIRST CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,682,263,007 
US05945F1030 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TNDM US Equity 
TANDEM DIABETES 
Equity Securities 
2,680,533,311 
US8753722037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CDR PW Equity 
CD PROJEKT SA 
Equity Securities 
2,680,470,674 
PLOPTTC00011 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SOLV BB Equity 
SOLVAC SA 
Equity Securities 
2,679,210,662 
BE0003545531 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels

--- Page 159 ---
Annex I - page 49 of 162 
 
BEKB BB Equity 
BEKAERT NV 
Equity Securities 
2,673,355,089 
BE0974258874 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
PZZA US Equity 
PAPA JOHNS INTL 
Equity Securities 
2,672,461,529 
US6988131024 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLXS US Equity 
PLEXUS CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,671,627,461 
US7291321005 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AEO US Equity 
AMER EAGLE OUTF 
Equity Securities 
2,665,429,166 
US02553E1064 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PAGP US Equity 
PLAINS GP HOLD-A 
Equity Securities 
2,659,496,543 
US72651A2078 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MCW US Equity 
MISTER CAR WASH 
Equity Securities 
2,658,616,933 
US60646V1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRI US Equity 
CARTERS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,655,916,821 
US1462291097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GEST SM Equity 
GESTAMP AUTOMOCI 
Equity Securities 
2,651,339,884 
ES0105223004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
PRTA US Equity 
PROTHENA CORP PL 
Equity Securities 
2,650,824,407 
IE00B91XRN20 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
3396 HK Equity 
LEGEND HOLDING-H 
Equity Securities 
2,647,416,801 
CNE100001ZT0 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ITGR US Equity 
INTEGER HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
2,647,082,512 
US45826H1095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRL IM Equity 
CAREL INDUSTRIES SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,643,528,960 
IT0005331019 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
REZI US Equity 
RESIDEO TECHN 
Equity Securities 
2,639,086,920 
US76118Y1047 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMED US Equity 
AMEDISYS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,638,551,798 
US0234361089 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SSTK US Equity 
SHUTTERSTOCK INC 
Equity Securities 
2,632,589,979 
US8256901005 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DSEY US Equity 
DIVERSEY HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
2,632,316,348 
KYG289231030 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TRI FP Equity 
TRIGANO SA 
Equity Securities 
2,632,016,099 
FR0005691656 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
WALLB SS Equity 
WALLENSTAM-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
2,631,352,490 
SE0017780133 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IOSP US Equity 
INNOSPEC INC 
Equity Securities 
2,630,595,021 
US45768S1050 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CE IM Equity 
CREDITO EMILIANO SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,628,246,016 
IT0003121677 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NVG PL Equity 
NAVIGATOR CO SA/ 
Equity Securities 
2,627,337,738 
PTPTI0AM0006 
Materials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
KTB US Equity 
KONTOOR BRAND 
Equity Securities 
2,627,248,988 
US50050N1037 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OLPX US Equity 
OLAPLEX HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
2,627,141,883 
US6793691089 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SITM US Equity 
SITIME CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,626,981,585 
US82982T1060 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAGE US Equity 
SAGE THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
2,625,783,224 
US78667J1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WIHL SS Equity 
WIHLBORGS FASTIG 
Equity Securities 
2,623,289,758 
SE0018012635 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DNORD DC Equity 
D/S NORDEN 
Equity Securities 
2,619,846,002 
DK0060083210 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
VBK GR Equity 
VERBIO VEREINI 
Equity Securities 
2,618,195,331 
DE000A0JL9W6 
Energy 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CBZ US Equity 
CBIZ INC 
Equity Securities 
2,615,200,356 
US1248051021 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
257 HK Equity 
CHINA EVERBRIGHT 
Equity Securities 
2,613,732,414 
HK0257001336 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
LAGRB SS Equity 
LAGERCRANTZ-B SH 
Equity Securities 
2,611,730,169 
SE0014990966 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
JWN US Equity 
NORDSTROM INC 
Equity Securities 
2,607,258,899 
US6556641008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TPH US Equity 
TRI POINTE HOMES 
Equity Securities 
2,605,647,827 
US87265H1095 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRIP US Equity 
TRIPADVISOR INC 
Equity Securities 
2,603,616,421 
US8969452015 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZIM US Equity 
ZIM INTEGRATED S 
Equity Securities 
2,601,985,722 
IL0065100930 
Industrials 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
POST AV Equity 
OESTERREICH.POST 
Equity Securities 
2,599,594,295 
AT0000APOST4 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
CXT US Equity 
CRANE NXT CO 
Equity Securities 
2,598,019,061 
US2244411052 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRC US Equity 
BRADY CORP - A 
Equity Securities 
2,596,215,808 
US1046741062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PDCO US Equity 
PATTERSON COS 
Equity Securities 
2,595,124,480 
US7033951036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FHB US Equity 
FIRST HAWAIIA 
Equity Securities 
2,589,977,141 
US32051X1081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BCC US Equity 
BOISE CASCADE CO 
Equity Securities 
2,589,665,431 
US09739D1000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KSS US Equity 
KOHLS CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,589,213,003 
US5002551043 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TENERGY GA Equity 
TERNA ENERGY SA 
Equity Securities 
2,588,415,788 
GRS496003005 
Utilities 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
ELPE GA Equity 
HELLENIQ ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
2,587,553,225 
GRS298343005 
Energy 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
MTS AU Equity 
METCASH LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,586,575,913 
AU000000MTS0 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SBMO NA Equity 
SBM OFFSHORE NV 
Equity Securities 
2,586,398,164 
NL0000360618 
Energy 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
548 HK Equity 
SHENZHEN EXPRE-H 
Equity Securities 
2,586,302,941 
CNE100000478 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TNET BB Equity 
TELENET GRP HLDG 
Equity Securities 
2,586,098,450 
BE0003826436 
Communication Services 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
IBOC US Equity 
INTL BANCSHARES 
Equity Securities 
2,585,836,348 
US4590441030 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 160 ---
Annex I - page 50 of 162 
 
SONO US Equity 
SONOS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,582,615,047 
US83570H1086 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OUT1V FH Equity 
OUTOKUMPU OYJ 
Equity Securities 
2,579,214,478 
FI0009002422 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
VSCO US Equity 
VICTORIAS SECRE 
Equity Securities 
2,574,171,980 
US9264001028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2285 HK Equity 
CHERVON HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
2,568,322,327 
HK0000811882 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BILL SS Equity 
BILLERUD AB 
Equity Securities 
2,566,530,502 
SE0000862997 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SCRVP BB Equity 
SCR-SIBELCO-AUC 
Equity Securities 
2,564,081,403 
BE0944264663 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
ARNC US Equity 
ARCONIC CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,557,209,843 
US03966V1070 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SOL IM Equity 
SOL SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,556,862,976 
IT0001206769 
Materials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CBU US Equity 
COMMUNITY BANK S 
Equity Securities 
2,549,942,026 
US2036071064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RVNC US Equity 
REVANCE THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
2,549,880,416 
US7613301099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LGIH US Equity 
LGI HOMES INC 
Equity Securities 
2,547,790,712 
US50187T1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WOOF US Equity 
PETCO HEALTH AND 
Equity Securities 
2,544,836,604 
US71601V1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GLPG NA Equity 
GALAPAGOS NV 
Equity Securities 
2,540,955,708 
BE0003818359 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Amsterdam 
371 HK Equity 
BJ ENT WATER 
Equity Securities 
2,534,081,725 
BMG0957L1090 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
EE US Equity 
EXCELERATE ENE-A 
Equity Securities 
2,531,482,499 
US30069T1016 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MMYT US Equity 
MAKEMYTRIP LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,529,733,067 
MU0295S00016 
Consumer Discretionary 
Mauritius 
Mauritius 
NASDAQ 
PSM GR Equity 
PROSIEBENSAT.1 M 
Equity Securities 
2,524,661,766 
DE000PSM7770 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
VSAT US Equity 
VIASAT INC 
Equity Securities 
2,521,080,718 
US92552V1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DMP GR Equity 
DERMAPHARM HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
2,520,611,573 
DE000A2GS5D8 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MXL US Equity 
MAXLINEAR 
Equity Securities 
2,519,874,772 
US57776J1007 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1530 HK Equity 
3SBIO INC 
Equity Securities 
2,519,732,114 
KYG8875G1029 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SZG GR Equity 
SALZGITTER AG 
Equity Securities 
2,516,198,795 
DE0006202005 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1268 HK Equity 
CHINA MEIDONG AU 
Equity Securities 
2,516,183,873 
KYG211921021 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CNO US Equity 
CNO FINANCIAL GR 
Equity Securities 
2,515,628,069 
US12621E1038 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GH US Equity 
GUARDANT HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
2,515,261,483 
US40131M1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CBRL US Equity 
CRACKER BARREL 
Equity Securities 
2,513,672,784 
US22410J1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
136 HK Equity 
CHINA RUYI HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
2,510,752,525 
BMG4404N1149 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PTEN US Equity 
PATTERSON-UTI 
Equity Securities 
2,507,232,223 
US7034811015 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IVG IM Equity 
IVECO GROUP NV 
Equity Securities 
2,506,702,848 
NL0015000LU4 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
BorsaItaliana 
CVCO US Equity 
CAVCO INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
2,505,002,430 
US1495681074 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DNUT US Equity 
KRISPY KREME INC 
Equity Securities 
2,501,328,000 
US50101L1061 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NOS PL Equity 
NOS SGPS 
Equity Securities 
2,500,177,510 
PTZON0AM0006 
Communication Services 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
6699 HK Equity 
ANGELALIGN TECHN 
Equity Securities 
2,498,631,229 
KYG0405D1051 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VRRM US Equity 
VERRA MOBILITY C 
Equity Securities 
2,498,157,412 
US92511U1025 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GETY US Equity 
GETTY IMAGES HOL 
Equity Securities 
2,498,091,776 
US3742751056 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CPS PW Equity 
CYFRPLSAT 
Equity Securities 
2,496,284,573 
PLCFRPT00013 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
STEP US Equity 
STEPSTONE GROU-A 
Equity Securities 
2,495,061,490 
US85914M1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BRAV SS Equity 
BRAVIDA HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
2,492,202,000 
SE0007491303 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2162 HK Equity 
KEYMED BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
2,490,957,195 
KYG5252B1023 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JOBY US Equity 
JOBY AVIATION IN 
Equity Securities 
2,482,913,120 
KYG651631007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VRNT US Equity 
VERINT SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
2,482,488,806 
US92343X1000 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXTR US Equity 
EXTREME NETWORKS 
Equity Securities 
2,481,594,442 
US30226D1063 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DFDS DC Equity 
DFDS A/S 
Equity Securities 
2,471,248,321 
DK0060655629 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2018 HK Equity 
AAC TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
2,470,315,618 
KYG2953R1149 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AMR US Equity 
ALPHA METALLURGI 
Equity Securities 
2,469,647,645 
US0207641061 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UTZ US Equity 
UTZ BRANDS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,467,561,639 
US9180901012 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AUB US Equity 
ATLANTIC UNION B 
Equity Securities 
2,466,293,684 
US04911A1079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ESE US Equity 
ESCO TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
2,465,952,079 
US2963151046 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FLS DC Equity 
FLSMIDTH 
Equity Securities 
2,463,907,902 
DK0010234467 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen

--- Page 161 ---
Annex I - page 51 of 162 
 
CSIQ US Equity 
CANADIAN SOLAR I 
Equity Securities 
2,462,775,356 
CA1366351098 
Information Technology 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
3866 HK Equity 
BANK OF QINGD-H 
Equity Securities 
2,459,503,295 
CNE100002391 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
416 HK Equity 
BANK OF JINZHO-H 
Equity Securities 
2,457,945,988 
CNE1000023B0 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SPWR US Equity 
SUNPOWER CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,457,362,844 
US8676524064 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AI US Equity 
C3.AI INC-A 
Equity Securities 
2,456,270,858 
US12468P1049 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATRLJB SS Equity 
ATRIUM LJUN-B SH 
Equity Securities 
2,455,527,027 
SE0000191827 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
URBN US Equity 
URBAN OUTFITTER 
Equity Securities 
2,454,468,751 
US9170471026 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NABL US Equity 
N-ABLE INC 
Equity Securities 
2,453,868,479 
US62878D1000 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRGS US Equity 
PROGRESS SOFTWAR 
Equity Securities 
2,452,050,550 
US7433121008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WDFC US Equity 
WD-40 CO 
Equity Securities 
2,451,255,988 
US9292361071 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
APE AU Equity 
EAGERS AUTO 
Equity Securities 
2,450,367,545 
AU000000APE3 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BKW AU Equity 
BRICKWORKS LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,450,143,636 
AU000000BKW4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DUE GR Equity 
DUERR AG 
Equity Securities 
2,448,501,675 
DE0005565204 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ENAV IM Equity 
ENAV SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,442,323,968 
IT0005176406 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
UNBL FP Equity 
UNIBEL 
Equity Securities 
2,440,024,742 
FR0000054215 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SJW US Equity 
SJW GROUP 
Equity Securities 
2,439,347,072 
US7843051043 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PIPR US Equity 
PIPER SANDLER CO 
Equity Securities 
2,439,105,770 
US7240781002 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARCH US Equity 
ARCH RESOURCES I 
Equity Securities 
2,438,700,278 
US03940R1077 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BOWL US Equity 
BOWLERO CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,434,862,386 
US10258P1021 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
10 HK Equity 
HANG LUNG GROUP 
Equity Securities 
2,431,863,886 
HK0010000088 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ITRI US Equity 
ITRON INC 
Equity Securities 
2,431,433,775 
US4657411066 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IDR SM Equity 
INDRA SISTEMAS 
Equity Securities 
2,427,893,847 
ES0118594417 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
JAMF US Equity 
JAMF HOLDING COR 
Equity Securities 
2,426,108,635 
US47074L1052 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ROVI SM Equity 
LABORATORIOS FAR 
Equity Securities 
2,424,551,466 
ES0157261019 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
NHF AU Equity 
NIB HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,418,108,585 
AU000000NHF0 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PNDXB SS Equity 
PANDOX AB 
Equity Securities 
2,412,374,191 
SE0007100359 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PRFT US Equity 
PERFICIENT INC 
Equity Securities 
2,411,013,797 
US71375U1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
189 HK Equity 
DONGYUE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
2,403,009,120 
KYG2816P1072 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CIA AU Equity 
CHAMPION IRON LT 
Equity Securities 
2,402,924,807 
AU000000CIA2 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CORT US Equity 
CORCEPT THERA 
Equity Securities 
2,397,811,093 
US2183521028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6196 HK Equity 
BANK OF ZHENGZ-H 
Equity Securities 
2,396,095,927 
CNE1000023P0 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1735 HK Equity 
CENTRAL HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
2,394,527,389 
KYG2006G1156 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NEC AU Equity 
NINE ENTERTAINME 
Equity Securities 
2,393,052,183 
AU000000NEC4 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
IAS US Equity 
INTEGRAL AD SCIE 
Equity Securities 
2,388,748,269 
US45828L1089 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALRM US Equity 
ALARM.COM HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
2,380,798,398 
US0116421050 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JOE US Equity 
ST JOE CO 
Equity Securities 
2,379,889,970 
US7901481009 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMRC US Equity 
AMERESCO INC-A 
Equity Securities 
2,379,234,980 
US02361E1082 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WD US Equity 
WALKER & DUNLOP 
Equity Securities 
2,378,627,311 
US93148P1021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LGF/B US Equity 
LIONS GATE ENT-B 
Equity Securities 
2,375,909,884 
CA5359195008 
Communication Services 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
LGF/A US Equity 
LIONS GATE-A 
Equity Securities 
2,375,909,884 
CA5359194019 
Communication Services 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
CATY US Equity 
CATHAY GENERAL B 
Equity Securities 
2,375,842,458 
US1491501045 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MQ US Equity 
MARQETA INC-A 
Equity Securities 
2,375,126,731 
US57142B1044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RBT FP Equity 
ROBERTET SA 
Equity Securities 
2,374,756,679 
FR0000039091 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CBR FP Equity 
ROBERTET SA 
Equity Securities 
2,374,756,679 
FR0000045619 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CBE FP Equity 
ROBERTET SA-CI 
Equity Securities 
2,374,756,679 
FR0000045601 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
LBRT US Equity 
LIBERTY ENERGY I 
Equity Securities 
2,366,943,479 
US53115L1044 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PSMT US Equity 
PRICESMART INC 
Equity Securities 
2,366,933,985 
US7415111092 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
839 HK Equity 
CHINA EDUCATION 
Equity Securities 
2,366,193,936 
KYG2163M1033 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GDRX US Equity 
GOODRX HOLDIN-A 
Equity Securities 
2,365,522,258 
US38246G1085 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 162 ---
Annex I - page 52 of 162 
 
OVH FP Equity 
OVH GROUPE SAS 
Equity Securities 
2,358,960,874 
FR0014005HJ9 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TCBI US Equity 
TEXAS CAPITAL BA 
Equity Securities 
2,357,401,504 
US88224Q1076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANN AU Equity 
ANSELL LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,357,360,451 
AU000000ANN9 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BBIO US Equity 
BRIDGEBIO PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
2,351,215,311 
US10806X1028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GLNG US Equity 
GOLAR LNG LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,350,390,237 
BMG9456A1009 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
9969 HK Equity 
INNOCARE PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
2,350,299,705 
KYG4783B1032 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RVMD US Equity 
REVOLUTION MEDIC 
Equity Securities 
2,348,915,182 
US76155X1000 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HAYW US Equity 
HAYWARD HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
2,346,870,406 
US4212981009 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9677 HK Equity 
WEIHAI CITY CO-H 
Equity Securities 
2,346,345,844 
CNE100004280 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CPE US Equity 
CALLON PETROLEUM 
Equity Securities 
2,345,453,970 
US13123X5086 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AT1 GR Equity 
AROUNDTOWN SA 
Equity Securities 
2,343,128,977 
LU1673108939 
Real Estate 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
1244 HK Equity 
3D MEDICINES INC 
Equity Securities 
2,342,054,439 
KYG8872R1011 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MTRN US Equity 
MATERION CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,339,906,700 
US5766901012 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMK US Equity 
ASSETMARK FINANC 
Equity Securities 
2,338,962,068 
US04546L1061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2068 HK Equity 
CHALIECO-H 
Equity Securities 
2,332,169,305 
CNE100001F78 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GKOS US Equity 
GLAUKOS CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,329,765,961 
US3773221029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RNW US Equity 
RENEW ENERGY GLO 
Equity Securities 
2,329,316,494 
GB00BNQMPN80 
Utilities 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
TDW US Equity 
TIDEWATER INC 
Equity Securities 
2,324,560,807 
US88642R1095 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FG US Equity 
F&G ANNUITIES 
Equity Securities 
2,323,414,036 
US30190A1043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABCB US Equity 
AMERIS BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
2,319,542,222 
US03076K1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MYCR SS Equity 
MYCRONIC AB 
Equity Securities 
2,319,100,129 
SE0000375115 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1958 HK Equity 
BAIC MOTOR-H 
Equity Securities 
2,317,840,763 
CNE100001TJ4 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WAF GR Equity 
SILTRONIC AG 
Equity Securities 
2,313,897,664 
DE000WAF3001 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CHGG US Equity 
CHEGG INC 
Equity Securities 
2,313,368,458 
US1630921096 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6826 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI HAOHA-H 
Equity Securities 
2,311,050,739 
CNE100001W69 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GMS US Equity 
GMS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,309,801,938 
US36251C1036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
551 HK Equity 
YUE YUEN IND 
Equity Securities 
2,308,430,494 
BMG988031446 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
525 HK Equity 
GUANGSHEN RAIL-H 
Equity Securities 
2,307,941,908 
CNE100000379 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PRVB US Equity 
PROVENTION BIO I 
Equity Securities 
2,307,914,282 
US74374N1028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SBBB SS Equity 
SAMHALLSBYGGNADS 
Equity Securities 
2,307,301,894 
SE0009554454 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SBBD SS Equity 
SAMHALLSBYGGNA-D 
Equity Securities 
2,307,258,351 
SE0011844091 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FORM US Equity 
FORMFACTOR INC 
Equity Securities 
2,305,729,665 
US3463751087 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAVA DC Equity 
BAVARIAN NORDIC 
Equity Securities 
2,304,208,669 
DK0015998017 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
CPK US Equity 
CHESAPEAKE UTIL 
Equity Securities 
2,303,032,374 
US1653031088 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VIAV US Equity 
VIAVI SOLUTIONS 
Equity Securities 
2,301,721,620 
US9255501051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BPT AU Equity 
BEACH ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,297,531,154 
AU000000BPT9 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GBDC US Equity 
GOLUB CAPITAL BD 
Equity Securities 
2,290,001,978 
US38173M1027 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STRA US Equity 
STRATEGIC EDUCAT 
Equity Securities 
2,289,479,234 
US86272C1036 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COFA FP Equity 
COFACE SA 
Equity Securities 
2,285,297,824 
FR0010667147 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
INSM US Equity 
INSMED INC 
Equity Securities 
2,284,789,897 
US4576693075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SYAB GR Equity 
SYNLAB AG 
Equity Securities 
2,284,516,579 
DE000A2TSL71 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GDS FP Equity 
RAMSAY GENERALE 
Equity Securities 
2,281,821,041 
FR0000044471 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SBLK US Equity 
STAR BULK CARRIE 
Equity Securities 
2,281,377,487 
MHY8162K2046 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
NASDAQ 
LIVN US Equity 
LIVANOVA PLC 
Equity Securities 
2,281,316,186 
GB00BYMT0J19 
Health Care 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
LUMN US Equity 
LUMEN TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
2,281,062,384 
US5502411037 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TABAK CP Equity 
PHILIP MORRIS CR 
Equity Securities 
2,279,698,385 
CS0008418869 
Consumer Staples 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
MRTX US Equity 
MIRATI THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
2,277,984,828 
US60468T1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SHAK US Equity 
SHAKE SHACK IN-A 
Equity Securities 
2,277,948,834 
US8190471016 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARCB US Equity 
ARCBEST CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,277,857,938 
US03937C1053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 163 ---
Annex I - page 53 of 162 
 
OX2 SS Equity 
OX2 AB 
Equity Securities 
2,275,139,224 
SE0016075337 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MATX US Equity 
MATSON INC 
Equity Securities 
2,274,898,887 
US57686G1058 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2386 HK Equity 
SINOPEC ENGINE-H 
Equity Securities 
2,273,257,051 
CNE100001NV2 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
2343 HK Equity 
PACIFIC BASIN 
Equity Securities 
2,272,067,911 
BMG684371393 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
KAI US Equity 
KADANT INC 
Equity Securities 
2,271,060,488 
US48282T1043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WMK US Equity 
WEIS MARKETS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,269,421,636 
US9488491047 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2099 HK Equity 
CHINA GOLD INTER 
Equity Securities 
2,267,414,890 
CA16890P1036 
Materials 
Canada 
Canada 
Hong Kong 
BEAM US Equity 
BEAM THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
2,263,873,921 
US07373V1052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENR US Equity 
ENERGIZER HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
2,260,663,062 
US29272W1099 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WSFS US Equity 
WSFS FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
2,255,371,467 
US9293281021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RIOT US Equity 
RIOT PLATFORMS I 
Equity Securities 
2,250,881,261 
US7672921050 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XRX US Equity 
XEROX HOLDINGS C 
Equity Securities 
2,246,881,031 
US98421M1062 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XENE US Equity 
XENON PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
2,244,152,480 
CA98420N1050 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
AMEH US Equity 
APOLLO MEDICAL H 
Equity Securities 
2,243,422,506 
US03763A2078 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9878 HK Equity 
HUITONGDA NETW-H 
Equity Securities 
2,243,141,494 
CNE100005600 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
OPL PW Equity 
ORANGE POLSKA SA 
Equity Securities 
2,238,736,577 
PLTLKPL00017 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SON PL Equity 
SONAE 
Equity Securities 
2,238,581,917 
PTSON0AM0001 
Consumer Staples 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
KW US Equity 
KENNEDY-WILSON H 
Equity Securities 
2,230,928,411 
US4893981070 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1942 HK Equity 
MOG HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,228,923,667 
KYG6185A1040 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KRYS US Equity 
KRYSTAL BIOTECH 
Equity Securities 
2,227,559,925 
US5011471027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JBLU US Equity 
JETBLUE AIRWAYS 
Equity Securities 
2,226,446,751 
US4771431016 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NUVA US Equity 
NUVASIVE INC 
Equity Securities 
2,224,802,368 
US6707041058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCL US Equity 
STEPAN CO 
Equity Securities 
2,224,192,183 
US8585861003 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAF FP Equity 
CR DE CA IDF 
Equity Securities 
2,223,520,018 
FR0000045528 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FLUX BB Equity 
FLUXYS BELGIUM 
Equity Securities 
2,217,210,331 
BE0974265945 
Energy 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
NKT DC Equity 
NKT A/S 
Equity Securities 
2,215,998,381 
DK0010287663 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
FTDR US Equity 
FRONTDOOR INC 
Equity Securities 
2,215,435,712 
US35905A1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MGRC US Equity 
MCGRATH RENTCORP 
Equity Securities 
2,212,881,794 
US5805891091 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCYR SM Equity 
SACYR SA 
Equity Securities 
2,212,307,096 
ES0182870214 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LOUP FP Equity 
LDC 
Equity Securities 
2,210,477,996 
FR0013204336 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2245 HK Equity 
LYGEND RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
2,208,063,256 
CNE100005M34 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
9993 HK Equity 
RADIANCE HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
2,205,578,679 
KYG7339A1076 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RXO US Equity 
RXO INC 
Equity Securities 
2,202,599,502 
US74982T1034 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AX US Equity 
AXOS FINANCIAL I 
Equity Securities 
2,202,026,020 
US05465C1009 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3369 HK Equity 
QHD PORT-H 
Equity Securities 
2,200,038,141 
CNE100001QR3 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BGCP US Equity 
BGC PARTNERS-A 
Equity Securities 
2,199,979,608 
US05541T1016 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NOD NO Equity 
NORDIC 
SEMICONDUCTOR ASA 
Equity Securities 
2,199,697,920 
NO0003055501 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
EPC US Equity 
EDGEWELL PERSONA 
Equity Securities 
2,198,511,005 
US28035Q1022 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FULT US Equity 
FULTON FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
2,197,645,540 
US3602711000 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IIA AV Equity 
IMMOFINANZ AG 
Equity Securities 
2,195,529,719 
AT0000A21KS2 
Real Estate 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
KWS GR Equity 
KWS SAAT SE & CO 
Equity Securities 
2,195,351,364 
DE0007074007 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PRU AU Equity 
PERSEUS MINING 
Equity Securities 
2,194,962,508 
AU000000PRU3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PAX US Equity 
PATRIA INVESTM-A 
Equity Securities 
2,194,646,586 
KYG694511059 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
IDCC US Equity 
INTERDIGITAL INC 
Equity Securities 
2,192,468,452 
US45867G1013 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HT CZ Equity 
HRVATSKI TELEKOM 
Equity Securities 
2,191,335,087 
HRHT00RA0005 
Communication Services 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
CRS US Equity 
CARPENTER TECH 
Equity Securities 
2,183,399,497 
US1442851036 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3868 HK Equity 
XINYI ENERGY HOL 
Equity Securities 
2,180,017,719 
VGG9833A1049 
Utilities 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
AMP AU Equity 
AMP LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,180,017,408 
AU000000AMP6 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 164 ---
Annex I - page 54 of 162 
 
1252 HK Equity 
CHINA TIANRUI GR 
Equity Securities 
2,174,758,100 
KYG844081060 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SLR SM Equity 
SOLARIA ENERGIA 
Equity Securities 
2,174,093,619 
ES0165386014 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
BDX PW Equity 
BUDIMEX 
Equity Securities 
2,172,130,594 
PLBUDMX00013 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
512 HK Equity 
GRAND PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
2,170,466,122 
BMG210A71016 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CSWI US Equity 
CSW INDUSTRI INC 
Equity Securities 
2,169,429,736 
US1264021064 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BOOT US Equity 
BOOT BARN HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
2,167,854,031 
US0994061002 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SIX US Equity 
SIX FLAGS ENTERT 
Equity Securities 
2,167,759,476 
US83001A1025 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARL GR Equity 
AAREAL BANK AG 
Equity Securities 
2,165,248,096 
DE0005408116 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IOS GR Equity 
IONOS SE 
Equity Securities 
2,164,255,719 
DE000A3E00M1 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
EVCM US Equity 
EVERCOMMERCE INC 
Equity Securities 
2,160,224,680 
US29977X1054 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAJ NA Equity 
MAJOREL GROUP LU 
Equity Securities 
2,159,614,365 
LU2382956378 
Industrials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
ENVX US Equity 
ENOVIX CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,158,431,522 
US2935941078 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SINCH SS Equity 
SINCH AB 
Equity Securities 
2,157,826,893 
SE0016101844 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1375 HK Equity 
CC SECURITIES-H 
Equity Securities 
2,154,876,778 
CNE100001SS7 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TMDX US Equity 
TRANSMEDICS GROU 
Equity Securities 
2,154,727,019 
US89377M1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRCT US Equity 
CRICUT INC- A 
Equity Securities 
2,154,505,152 
US22658D1000 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PPBI US Equity 
PACIFIC PREMIER 
Equity Securities 
2,152,546,908 
US69478X1054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVBF US Equity 
CVB FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
2,152,222,868 
US1266001056 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MVV1 GR Equity 
MVV ENERGIE AG 
Equity Securities 
2,152,196,229 
DE000A0H52F5 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1199 HK Equity 
COSCO SHIPPING P 
Equity Securities 
2,152,082,122 
BMG2442N1048 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AMBP US Equity 
ARDAGH METAL PAC 
Equity Securities 
2,151,320,069 
LU2369833749 
Materials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
SFR AU Equity 
SANDFIRE RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
2,150,368,283 
AU000000SFR8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EVTC US Equity 
EVERTEC INC 
Equity Securities 
2,148,890,815 
PR30040P1032 
Financials 
Puerto Rico 
Puerto Rico 
New York 
SCHO DC Equity 
SCHOUW & CO 
Equity Securities 
2,148,802,358 
DK0010253921 
Consumer Staples 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
CWK US Equity 
CUSHMAN & WAKEFI 
Equity Securities 
2,147,339,465 
GB00BFZ4N465 
Real Estate 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
BLMN US Equity 
BLOOMIN BRANDS 
Equity Securities 
2,145,248,198 
US0942351083 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NWL AU Equity 
NETWEALTH GROUP 
Equity Securities 
2,143,467,628 
AU000000NWL7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SCPL US Equity 
SCIPLAY CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
2,142,329,506 
US8090871091 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGTI US Equity 
AGILITI INC 
Equity Securities 
2,142,010,688 
US00848J1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LAZR US Equity 
LUMINAR TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
2,141,738,206 
US5504241051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
152 HK Equity 
SHENZ INTL HLDG 
Equity Securities 
2,141,451,134 
BMG8086V1467 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SGM AU Equity 
SIMS LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,140,004,273 
AU000000SGM7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MGPI US Equity 
MGP INGREDIENTS 
Equity Securities 
2,138,709,744 
US55303J1060 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
813 HK Equity 
SHIMAO GROUP HOL 
Equity Securities 
2,138,424,367 
KYG810431042 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2869 HK Equity 
GREENTOWN SERVIC 
Equity Securities 
2,137,103,754 
KYG410121084 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
YELP US Equity 
YELP INC 
Equity Securities 
2,134,280,102 
US9858171054 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TWKS US Equity 
THOUGHTWORKS HOL 
Equity Securities 
2,132,828,777 
US88546E1055 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SNEX US Equity 
STONEX GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
2,132,596,187 
US8618961085 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HELE US Equity 
HELEN OF TROY 
Equity Securities 
2,131,953,823 
BMG4388N1065 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
WBD IM Equity 
WEBUILD SPA 
Equity Securities 
2,129,844,608 
IT0003865570 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
9877 HK Equity 
JENSCARE SCIEN-H 
Equity Securities 
2,125,720,339 
CNE100005KC9 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DAN US Equity 
DANA INC 
Equity Securities 
2,124,791,980 
US2358252052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ETRN US Equity 
EQUITRANS MIDSTR 
Equity Securities 
2,124,351,927 
US2946001011 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ELK NO Equity 
ELKEM ASA 
Equity Securities 
2,123,958,528 
NO0010816093 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ABCL US Equity 
ABCELLERA BIOLOG 
Equity Securities 
2,123,124,149 
CA00288U1066 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
KMT US Equity 
KENNAMETAL INC 
Equity Securities 
2,121,887,030 
US4891701009 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FROG US Equity 
JFROG LTD 
Equity Securities 
2,121,296,851 
IL0011684185 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
AFRY SS Equity 
AFRY AB 
Equity Securities 
2,120,383,355 
SE0005999836 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1258 HK Equity 
CHINA NONFERROUS 
Equity Securities 
2,119,607,981 
HK0000112026 
Materials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong

--- Page 165 ---
Annex I - page 55 of 162 
 
MWA US Equity 
MUELLER WATER-A 
Equity Securities 
2,117,379,083 
US6247581084 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RLAY US Equity 
RELAY THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
2,116,949,499 
US75943R1023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WLY US Equity 
WILEY JOHN&SON-A 
Equity Securities 
2,116,482,355 
US9682232064 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WLYB US Equity 
WILEY JOHN&SON-B 
Equity Securities 
2,116,482,355 
US9682233054 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ZETA US Equity 
ZETA GLOBAL HO-A 
Equity Securities 
2,115,682,613 
US98956A1051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALG US Equity 
ALAMO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
2,113,803,694 
US0113111076 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1907 HK Equity 
CHINA RISUN GROU 
Equity Securities 
2,113,462,973 
KYG2120H1065 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AGYS US Equity 
AGILYSYS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,112,228,426 
US00847J1051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MMT FP Equity 
M6-METROPOLE TEL 
Equity Securities 
2,111,295,475 
FR0000053225 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SPNO DC Equity 
SPAR NORD BANK 
Equity Securities 
2,111,124,901 
DK0060036564 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
CTD AU Equity 
CORPORATE TRAVEL 
Equity Securities 
2,110,261,941 
AU000000CTD3 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SFNC US Equity 
SIMMONS FIRST -A 
Equity Securities 
2,110,099,544 
US8287302009 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TROX US Equity 
TRONOX HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
2,105,793,060 
GB00BJT16S69 
Materials 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
BPSO IM Equity 
BANCA POPOLARE DI 
SONDRIO 
Equity Securities 
2,103,658,752 
IT0000784196 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RWC AU Equity 
RELIANCE WORLDWI 
Equity Securities 
2,100,659,742 
AU000000RWC7 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
579 HK Equity 
JNCEC-H 
Equity Securities 
2,100,538,449 
CNE100001336 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CRGY US Equity 
CRESCENT ENERG-A 
Equity Securities 
2,098,278,499 
US44952J1043 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CSTM US Equity 
CONSTELLIUM SE 
Equity Securities 
2,092,373,084 
FR0013467479 
Materials 
France 
France 
New York 
345 HK Equity 
VITASOY INTL HLD 
Equity Securities 
2,090,570,519 
HK0345001611 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
VPLAYB SS Equity 
VIAPLAY GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
2,088,813,783 
SE0012116390 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
VPLAYA SS Equity 
VIAPLAY GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
2,088,813,783 
SE0012324226 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NAVI US Equity 
NAVIENT CORP 
Equity Securities 
2,087,560,019 
US63938C1080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HTRO SS Equity 
HEXATRONIC GROUP 
Equity Securities 
2,086,594,659 
SE0018040677 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
QTCOM FH Equity 
QT GROUP OYJ 
Equity Securities 
2,081,294,139 
FI4000198031 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CEIX US Equity 
CONSOL ENERGY IN 
Equity Securities 
2,078,314,986 
US20854L1089 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JDAN DC Equity 
JEUDAN A/S 
Equity Securities 
2,077,890,363 
DK0061282464 
Real Estate 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
NTCT US Equity 
NETSCOUT SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
2,074,936,248 
US64115T1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACDC US Equity 
PROFRAC HOLDIN-A 
Equity Securities 
2,073,621,601 
US74319N1000 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NEL NO Equity 
NEL ASA 
Equity Securities 
2,073,546,112 
NO0010081235 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ESTE US Equity 
EARTHSTONE ENE-A 
Equity Securities 
2,072,941,219 
US27032D3044 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ICFI US Equity 
ICF INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
2,068,217,675 
US44925C1036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XPRO US Equity 
EXPRO GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
2,066,443,878 
NL0010556684 
Energy 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
CENT US Equity 
CENTRAL GARDEN 
Equity Securities 
2,063,798,324 
US1535271068 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CENTA US Equity 
CENTRAL GARDEN-A 
Equity Securities 
2,063,798,324 
US1535272058 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
354 HK Equity 
CHINASOFT INTL 
Equity Securities 
2,063,021,343 
KYG2110A1114 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
697 HK Equity 
SHOUCHENG HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
2,062,037,220 
HK0000592854 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
MYRG US Equity 
MYR GROUP INC/DE 
Equity Securities 
2,054,826,805 
US55405W1045 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MONET CP Equity 
MONETA MONEY BAN 
Equity Securities 
2,051,996,752 
CZ0008040318 
Financials 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
BRD RO Equity 
BRD-GROUPE SOCIE 
Equity Securities 
2,049,072,082 
ROBRDBACNOR2 
Financials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
1U1 GR Equity 
1&1 AG 
Equity Securities 
2,048,477,715 
DE0005545503 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BIOAB SS Equity 
BIOARCTIC AB 
Equity Securities 
2,045,864,188 
SE0010323311 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EBC US Equity 
EASTERN BANKSHAR 
Equity Securities 
2,045,357,768 
US27627N1054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TGLS US Equity 
TECNOGLASS INC 
Equity Securities 
2,042,387,275 
KYG872641009 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
B US Equity 
BARNES GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
2,039,799,029 
US0678061096 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NPO US Equity 
ENPRO INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
2,038,508,392 
US29355X1072 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MSGE US Equity 
MADISON SQUARE G 
Equity Securities 
2,037,990,202 
US55826T1025 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SMR US Equity 
NUSCALE POWER CO 
Equity Securities 
2,037,379,871 
US67079K1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HIMS US Equity 
HIMS & HERS HEAL 
Equity Securities 
2,034,572,665 
US4330001060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 166 ---
Annex I - page 56 of 162 
 
AMPH US Equity 
AMPHASTAR PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
2,031,342,411 
US03209R1032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SUL AU Equity 
SUPER RETAIL GRO 
Equity Securities 
2,030,190,649 
AU000000SUL0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3633 HK Equity 
ZHONGYU ENERGY H 
Equity Securities 
2,029,517,668 
KYG9891U1334 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9966 HK Equity 
ALPHAMAB ONCOLOG 
Equity Securities 
2,027,773,711 
KYG0330A1013 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DOOR US Equity 
MASONITE INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
2,025,994,402 
CA5753851099 
Industrials 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
FBP US Equity 
FIRST BANCORP PR 
Equity Securities 
2,020,756,713 
PR3186727065 
Financials 
Puerto Rico 
Puerto Rico 
New York 
NUS US Equity 
NU SKIN ENTERP-A 
Equity Securities 
2,020,523,720 
US67018T1051 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ULCC US Equity 
FRONTIER GROUP H 
Equity Securities 
2,017,053,548 
US35909R1086 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CLBK US Equity 
COLUMBIA FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
2,015,708,660 
US1976411033 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATRC US Equity 
ATRICURE INC 
Equity Securities 
2,011,790,825 
US04963C2098 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
995 HK Equity 
ANHUI EXPRESS-H 
Equity Securities 
2,011,599,173 
CNE1000001X0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
9979 HK Equity 
GREENTOWN MANAGE 
Equity Securities 
2,010,025,665 
KYG4102M1033 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NEX US Equity 
NEXTIER OILFIELD 
Equity Securities 
2,007,313,296 
US65290C1053 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VCTR US Equity 
VICTORY CAPITA-A 
Equity Securities 
2,005,592,251 
US92645B1035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MARA US Equity 
MARATHON DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
2,001,946,949 
US5657881067 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMLX US Equity 
AMYLYX PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
2,001,491,640 
US03237H1014 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NIC AU Equity 
NICKEL INDUSTRIE 
Equity Securities 
2,000,029,063 
AU0000018236 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
81 HK Equity 
CHINA OVERSEAS G 
Equity Securities 
1,999,623,311 
HK0000065737 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
VLTSA FP Equity 
VOLTALIA SA-REGR 
Equity Securities 
1,998,465,951 
FR0011995588 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TAT SK Equity 
TATRA BANKA 
Equity Securities 
1,997,929,458 
SK1110001502 
Financials 
Slovakia 
Slovakia 
Bratislava 
1TAT002E SK Equity 
TATRA BANKA 2 
Equity Securities 
1,997,929,458 
SK1110015510 
Financials 
Slovakia 
Slovakia 
Bratislava 
FSLY US Equity 
FASTLY INC -CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,997,622,000 
US31188V1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CWH US Equity 
CAMPING WORLD-A 
Equity Securities 
1,996,414,155 
US13462K1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DOM SS Equity 
DOMETIC GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
1,992,114,455 
SE0007691613 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PAYO US Equity 
PAYONEER GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
1,991,515,924 
US70451X1046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XPEL US Equity 
XPEL INC 
Equity Securities 
1,988,778,229 
US98379L1008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2005 HK Equity 
SSY GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,988,125,738 
KYG8406X1034 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BRG AU Equity 
BREVILLE GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
1,987,248,482 
AU000000BRG2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CHN AU Equity 
CHALICE MINING L 
Equity Securities 
1,986,588,663 
AU000000CHN7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VGR US Equity 
VECTOR GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,986,532,873 
US92240M1080 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9899 HK Equity 
CLOUD MUSIC INC 
Equity Securities 
1,983,595,053 
KYG2215N1097 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3896 HK Equity 
KINGSOFT CLOUD H 
Equity Securities 
1,982,651,409 
KYG5264S1012 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BNPPPL PW Equity 
BNP PARIBAS BANK 
Equity Securities 
1,980,878,459 
PLBGZ0000010 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CNK US Equity 
CINEMARK HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,979,375,082 
US17243V1026 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
590 HK Equity 
LUK FOOK HLDGS I 
Equity Securities 
1,978,242,155 
BMG5695X1258 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1053 HK Equity 
CHONGQING IRON-H 
Equity Securities 
1,976,516,723 
CNE1000002W0 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
INSW US Equity 
INTERNATIONAL SE 
Equity Securities 
1,975,169,564 
MHY410531021 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
CCS US Equity 
CENTURY COMMUNIT 
Equity Securities 
1,974,361,233 
US1565043007 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SMR AU Equity 
STANMORE RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
1,972,933,583 
AU000000SMR4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CARG US Equity 
CARGURUS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,972,290,565 
US1417881091 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXN FP Equity 
EXCLUSIVE NETWOR 
Equity Securities 
1,971,481,265 
FR0014005DA7 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HLIO US Equity 
HELIOS TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
1,969,023,866 
US42328H1095 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BOH US Equity 
BANK OF HAWAII 
Equity Securities 
1,968,979,347 
US0625401098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRBN NA Equity 
CORBION NV 
Equity Securities 
1,967,150,911 
NL0010583399 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
GSHD US Equity 
GOOSEHEAD INSU-A 
Equity Securities 
1,965,887,517 
US38267D1090 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9869 HK Equity 
HELENS INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
1,965,739,820 
KYG4469K1040 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SDGR US Equity 
SCHRODINGER INC 
Equity Securities 
1,965,140,436 
US80810D1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HCC US Equity 
WARRIOR MET COAL 
Equity Securities 
1,964,265,173 
US93627C1018 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORA AU Equity 
ORORA LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,963,789,428 
AU000000ORA8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 167 ---
Annex I - page 57 of 162 
 
SCLX US Equity 
SCILEX HOLDING C 
Equity Securities 
1,962,620,071 
US80880W1062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1951 HK Equity 
JINXIN FERTILITY 
Equity Securities 
1,961,855,888 
KYG5140J1013 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SUPN US Equity 
SUPERNUS PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
1,960,831,158 
US8684591089 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VICR US Equity 
VICOR CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,957,015,792 
US9258151029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NMIH US Equity 
NMI HOLDINGS I-A 
Equity Securities 
1,955,881,325 
US6292093050 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DAN IM Equity 
DANIELI & CO 
Equity Securities 
1,954,184,448 
IT0000076502 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NEO US Equity 
NEOGENOMICS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,954,137,851 
US64049M2098 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TFI FP Equity 
TELEVISION FRANC 
Equity Securities 
1,952,447,295 
FR0000054900 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MTX US Equity 
MINERALS TECH 
Equity Securities 
1,951,594,415 
US6031581068 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RENE PL Equity 
REN-REDE ENERGET 
Equity Securities 
1,951,491,709 
PTREL0AM0008 
Utilities 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
EVEX US Equity 
EVE HOLDING INC 
Equity Securities 
1,950,931,652 
US29970N1046 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PCRX US Equity 
PACIRA BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
1,950,681,503 
US6951271005 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LESL US Equity 
LESLIES INC 
Equity Securities 
1,948,637,428 
US5270641096 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SES IM Equity 
SESA SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,946,043,776 
IT0004729759 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BURE SS Equity 
BURE EQUITY AB 
Equity Securities 
1,944,446,213 
SE0000195810 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FFBC US Equity 
FIRST FIN BANCRP 
Equity Securities 
1,943,960,658 
US3202091092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3899 HK Equity 
CIMC ENRIC HLDG 
Equity Securities 
1,940,453,399 
KYG2198S1093 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CATE SS Equity 
CATENA AB 
Equity Securities 
1,936,609,912 
SE0001664707 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1114 HK Equity 
BRILLIANCE CHINA 
Equity Securities 
1,934,580,225 
BMG1368B1028 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SLVM US Equity 
SYLVAMO CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,933,936,260 
US8713321029 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TGS NO Equity 
TGS ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,932,708,992 
NO0003078800 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
OSSR DC Equity 
OSSUR HF 
Equity Securities 
1,926,204,759 
IS0000000040 
Health Care 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Copenhagen 
THRM US Equity 
GENTHERM INC 
Equity Securities 
1,925,599,349 
US37253A1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GPRE US Equity 
GREEN PLAINS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,924,577,070 
US3932221043 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAH US Equity 
SONIC AUTOMOTI-A 
Equity Securities 
1,924,162,155 
US83545G1022 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRN US Equity 
TRINITY INDUSTRI 
Equity Securities 
1,924,046,086 
US8965221091 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RKLB US Equity 
ROCKET LAB USA I 
Equity Securities 
1,920,150,017 
US7731221062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ETWO US Equity 
E2OPEN PARENT HO 
Equity Securities 
1,916,429,193 
US29788T1034 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ETEVP BB Equity 
ETEX NV 
Equity Securities 
1,912,683,751 
BE0941244536 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
HTH US Equity 
HILLTOP HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,910,457,141 
US4327481010 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VITB SS Equity 
VITEC B-SH 
Equity Securities 
1,908,282,606 
SE0007871363 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
GOGL NO Equity 
GOLDEN OCEAN GROUP 
LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,907,759,872 
BMG396372051 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
FA US Equity 
FIRST ADVANTAGE 
Equity Securities 
1,906,298,493 
US31846B1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SESL FP Equity 
SES IMAGOTAG 
Equity Securities 
1,903,133,532 
FR0010282822 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ACVA US Equity 
ACV AUCTIONS-A 
Equity Securities 
1,902,414,548 
US00091G1040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZEAL DC Equity 
ZEALAND PHARMA A 
Equity Securities 
1,900,452,282 
DK0060257814 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
MIR US Equity 
MIRION TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
1,899,006,258 
US60471A1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LNZ AV Equity 
LENZING AG 
Equity Securities 
1,897,462,054 
AT0000644505 
Materials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
ZIM AU Equity 
ZIMPLATS HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,897,032,859 
GB0061284906 
Materials 
Guernsey 
Guernsey 
ASE 
FLNG NO Equity 
FLEX LNG LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,897,027,584 
BMG359472021 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
DBRG US Equity 
DIGITALBRIDGE GR 
Equity Securities 
1,894,667,590 
US25401T6038 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SBCF US Equity 
SEACOAST BANK/FL 
Equity Securities 
1,894,071,353 
US8117078019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAVE US Equity 
SPIRIT AIRLINES 
Equity Securities 
1,892,892,281 
US8485771021 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EIDF SM Equity 
ENERGIA INNOVACI 
Equity Securities 
1,892,806,517 
ES0105517025 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LAUR US Equity 
LAUREATE EDUCATI 
Equity Securities 
1,892,323,959 
US5186132032 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TALO US Equity 
TALOS ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
1,890,872,833 
US87484T1088 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WAFD US Equity 
WASH FED 
Equity Securities 
1,888,919,872 
US9388241096 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WEB AU Equity 
WEBJET LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,888,650,176 
AU000000WEB7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 168 ---
Annex I - page 58 of 162 
 
LILA US Equity 
LIBERTY LATI-A 
Equity Securities 
1,886,039,392 
BMG9001E1021 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
LILAK US Equity 
LIBERTY LATI-C 
Equity Securities 
1,886,039,392 
BMG9001E1286 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
HMS SS Equity 
HMS NETWORKS AB 
Equity Securities 
1,881,176,054 
SE0009997018 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NETC DC Equity 
NETCOMPANY GROUP 
Equity Securities 
1,880,875,386 
DK0060952919 
Information Technology 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
719 HK Equity 
SHANDONG XINHU-H 
Equity Securities 
1,879,922,648 
CNE100000411 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
USM US Equity 
US CELLULAR CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,879,040,072 
US9116841084 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AIR US Equity 
AAR CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,878,679,788 
US0003611052 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HRMY US Equity 
HARMONY BIOSCIE 
Equity Securities 
1,878,649,234 
US4131971040 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2186 HK Equity 
LUYE PHARMA GROU 
Equity Securities 
1,878,463,338 
BMG570071099 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1030 HK Equity 
SEAZEN GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,872,220,385 
KYG7956A1094 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LOV AU Equity 
LOVISA HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,871,496,410 
AU000000LOV7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AUSS NO Equity 
AUSTEVOLL SEAFOOD 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,870,079,488 
NO0010073489 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CPRX US Equity 
CATALYST PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
1,869,026,248 
US14888U1016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JEN GR Equity 
JENOPTIK AG 
Equity Securities 
1,867,860,495 
DE000A2NB601 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SNI NO Equity 
STOLT-NIELSEN LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,867,458,944 
BMG850801025 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
GSAT US Equity 
GLOBALSTAR INC 
Equity Securities 
1,865,330,000 
US3789734080 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
811 HK Equity 
XINHUA WINSHAR-H 
Equity Securities 
1,861,826,794 
CNE1000004B0 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
IMVT US Equity 
IMMUNOVANT INC 
Equity Securities 
1,858,600,930 
US45258J1025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1060 HK Equity 
ALI PICTURES 
Equity Securities 
1,855,679,705 
BMG0171W1055 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
2150 HK Equity 
NAYUKI HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,855,005,323 
KYG6432S1066 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EXPI US Equity 
EXP WORLD HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,854,844,990 
US30212W1009 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STGW US Equity 
STAGWELL INC 
Equity Securities 
1,851,633,756 
US85256A1097 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FGEN US Equity 
FIBROGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
1,848,810,621 
US31572Q8087 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZIP US Equity 
ZIPRECRUITER INC 
Equity Securities 
1,847,110,737 
US98980B1035 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BFF IM Equity 
BFF BANK SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,846,742,912 
IT0005244402 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SYSR SS Equity 
SYSTEMAIR AB 
Equity Securities 
1,842,456,126 
SE0016609499 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
VKTX US Equity 
VIKING THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
1,842,128,044 
US92686J1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TGYM IM Equity 
TECHNOGYM SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,841,773,312 
IT0005162406 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SGHC US Equity 
SUPER GROUP SGHC 
Equity Securities 
1,834,434,744 
GG00BMG42V42 
Consumer Discretionary 
Guernsey 
Guernsey 
New York 
2314 HK Equity 
LEE & MAN PAPER 
Equity Securities 
1,833,647,247 
KYG5427W1309 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
200 HK Equity 
MELCO INTL DEV 
Equity Securities 
1,829,704,274 
HK0200030994 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1675 HK Equity 
ASIAINFO TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
1,826,691,778 
VGG0542G1028 
Information Technology 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
SAE GR Equity 
SHOP APOTHEKE EU 
Equity Securities 
1,826,522,723 
NL0012044747 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Xetra 
AESI US Equity 
ATLAS ENERGY S-A 
Equity Securities 
1,824,000,000 
US04930R1077 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NOVA US Equity 
SUNNOVA ENERGY I 
Equity Securities 
1,823,574,644 
US86745K1043 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1302 HK Equity 
LIFETECH SCI 
Equity Securities 
1,822,544,791 
KYG548721177 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NHH SM Equity 
NH HOTEL GROUP S 
Equity Securities 
1,818,358,808 
ES0161560018 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
GOGO US Equity 
GOGO INC 
Equity Securities 
1,817,603,004 
US38046C1099 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OII US Equity 
OCEANEERING INTL 
Equity Securities 
1,816,659,469 
US6752321025 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MYGN US Equity 
MYRIAD GENETICS 
Equity Securities 
1,816,087,077 
US62855J1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BORR NO Equity 
BORR DRILLING LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,813,864,064 
BMG1466R1732 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
ATGE US Equity 
ADTALEM GLOBAL E 
Equity Securities 
1,813,486,322 
US00737L1035 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KYMR US Equity 
KYMERA THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
1,813,334,542 
US5015751044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1415 HK Equity 
COWELL 
Equity Securities 
1,813,267,398 
KYG248141163 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AUB AU Equity 
AUB GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,811,894,559 
AU000000AUB9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3678 HK Equity 
HOLLY FUTURES -H 
Equity Securities 
1,810,293,934 
CNE1000023S4 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ROCC US Equity 
RANGER OIL CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,809,745,661 
US70788V1026 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STG DC Equity 
SCANDINAVIAN TOB 
Equity Securities 
1,808,916,591 
DK0060696300 
Consumer Staples 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen

--- Page 169 ---
Annex I - page 59 of 162 
 
FORG US Equity 
FORGEROCK INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,808,693,168 
US34631B1017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ECX US Equity 
ECARX HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
1,805,065,337 
KYG292011031 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TOWN US Equity 
TOWNE BANK 
Equity Securities 
1,804,280,958 
US89214P1093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1606 HK Equity 
CHINA DEVELOPM-H 
Equity Securities 
1,803,776,611 
CNE1000027C9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BFSA GR Equity 
BEFESA SA 
Equity Securities 
1,802,300,243 
LU1704650164 
Industrials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
JACK US Equity 
JACK IN THE BOX 
Equity Securities 
1,801,503,931 
US4663671091 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PERI US Equity 
PERION NETWORK L 
Equity Securities 
1,798,131,092 
IL0010958192 
Communication Services 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
PPT AU Equity 
PERPETUAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,797,954,631 
AU000000PPT9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ARB AU Equity 
ARB CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,795,268,280 
AU000000ARB5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ADUS US Equity 
ADDUS HOMECARE 
Equity Securities 
1,792,923,746 
US0067391062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ESTA US Equity 
ESTABLISHMENT LA 
Equity Securities 
1,792,308,319 
VGG312491084 
Health Care 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
WGO US Equity 
WINNEBAGO INDS 
Equity Securities 
1,790,595,840 
US9746371007 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FRME US Equity 
FIRST MERCHANTS 
Equity Securities 
1,787,513,357 
US3208171096 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRSR US Equity 
CORSAIR GAMING I 
Equity Securities 
1,786,196,174 
US22041X1028 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SKIN US Equity 
BEAUTY HEALTH CO 
Equity Securities 
1,784,775,660 
US88331L1089 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKRO US Equity 
AKERO THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
1,784,427,872 
US00973Y1082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENTRA NO Equity 
ENTRA ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,780,321,664 
NO0010716418 
Real Estate 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1448 HK Equity 
FU SHOU YUAN INT 
Equity Securities 
1,773,166,657 
KYG371091086 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IDL FP Equity 
ID LOGISTICS GRO 
Equity Securities 
1,772,422,605 
FR0010929125 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PRK US Equity 
PARK NATL CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,770,778,917 
US7006581075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BANR US Equity 
BANNER CORPORATI 
Equity Securities 
1,764,384,127 
US06652V2088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALM SM Equity 
ALMIRALL SA 
Equity Securities 
1,762,257,313 
ES0157097017 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CAR PW Equity 
INTERCARS 
Equity Securities 
1,756,154,056 
PLINTCS00010 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ALFEN NA Equity 
ALFEN N.V. 
Equity Securities 
1,755,456,391 
NL0012817175 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
HLIT US Equity 
HARMONIC INC 
Equity Securities 
1,754,916,712 
US4131601027 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RWAY IM Equity 
RAI WAY SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,754,338,048 
IT0005054967 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
XNCR US Equity 
XENCOR INC 
Equity Securities 
1,754,078,821 
US98401F1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IBTX US Equity 
INDEPENDENT BANK 
Equity Securities 
1,754,069,078 
US45384B1061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVII US Equity 
CHURCHILL CAPI-A 
Equity Securities 
1,752,600,000 
US17144M1027 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FTCH US Equity 
FARFETCH LTD-A 
Equity Securities 
1,751,914,531 
KY30744W1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
LZ US Equity 
LEGALZOOMCOM INC 
Equity Securities 
1,751,790,244 
US52466B1035 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ODP US Equity 
ODP CORP/THE 
Equity Securities 
1,750,631,828 
US88337F1057 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RVLV US Equity 
REVOLVE GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
1,750,491,191 
US76156B1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6606 HK Equity 
NEW HORIZON HEAL 
Equity Securities 
1,748,669,218 
KYG6485S1021 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GFF US Equity 
GRIFFON CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,746,467,220 
US3984331021 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6088 HK Equity 
FIT HON TENG LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,745,895,326 
KYG3R83K1037 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BKE US Equity 
THE BUCKLE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,745,784,382 
US1184401065 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PEP PW Equity 
POLENERGIA SA 
Equity Securities 
1,744,582,083 
PLPLSEP00013 
Utilities 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
VZIO US Equity 
VIZIO HOLDING -A 
Equity Securities 
1,744,265,958 
US92858V1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SOVO US Equity 
SOVOS BRANDS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,741,724,482 
US84612U1079 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALGT US Equity 
ALLEGIANT TRAVEL 
Equity Securities 
1,740,767,428 
US01748X1028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VTYX US Equity 
VENTYX BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
1,737,691,333 
US92332V1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTEC US Equity 
TTEC HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
1,734,661,668 
US89854H1023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3990 HK Equity 
MIDEA REAL ESTAT 
Equity Securities 
1,733,590,183 
KYG609201085 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ATEC US Equity 
ALPHATEC HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,733,314,955 
US02081G2012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LXMP LX Equity 
LUXEMPART SA 
Equity Securities 
1,729,890,692 
LU0502900771 
Financials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
CVAC US Equity 
CUREVAC NV 
Equity Securities 
1,729,233,961 
NL0015436031 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
ISB IR Equity 
ISLANDSBANKI HF 
Equity Securities 
1,728,684,416 
IS0000028538 
Financials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
WUW GR Equity 
WUESTENROT & WUE 
Equity Securities 
1,725,522,595 
DE0008051004 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra

--- Page 170 ---
Annex I - page 60 of 162 
 
604 HK Equity 
SHENZHEN INVEST 
Equity Securities 
1,723,100,413 
HK0604011236 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HTGC US Equity 
HERCULES CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
1,722,382,156 
US4270965084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IMKTA US Equity 
INGLES MARKETS-A 
Equity Securities 
1,718,611,140 
US4570301048 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OSIS US Equity 
OSI SYSTEMS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,718,204,742 
US6710441055 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MFEB IM Equity 
MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE 
NV-CL B 
Equity Securities 
1,717,983,616 
NL0015000N09 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
BorsaItaliana 
MFEA IM Equity 
MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE 
NV-CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,717,983,616 
NL0015000MZ1 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
BorsaItaliana 
1121 HK Equity 
GOLDEN SOLAR NEW 
Equity Securities 
1,716,844,484 
KYG4012S1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WSBC US Equity 
WESBANCO INC 
Equity Securities 
1,716,387,415 
US9508101014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2255 HK Equity 
HAICHANG OCEAN P 
Equity Securities 
1,715,849,083 
KYG4231A1114 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2273 HK Equity 
GUSHENGTANG HOLD 
Equity Securities 
1,713,226,068 
KYG4212K1040 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
STM GR Equity 
STABILUS SE 
Equity Securities 
1,712,289,769 
DE000STAB1L8 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DH US Equity 
DEFINITIVE HEALT 
Equity Securities 
1,709,898,103 
US24477E1038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2139 HK Equity 
BANK OF GANSU -H 
Equity Securities 
1,708,571,406 
CNE100002RW9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
639 HK Equity 
SHOUGANG FUSHAN 
Equity Securities 
1,705,419,263 
HK0639031506 
Materials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
TRUP US Equity 
TRUPANION INC 
Equity Securities 
1,704,791,408 
US8982021060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MHO US Equity 
M/I HOMES INC 
Equity Securities 
1,704,580,498 
US55305B1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DRR AU Equity 
DETERRA ROYALTIE 
Equity Securities 
1,703,336,795 
AU0000107484 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PLAY US Equity 
DAVE & BUSTERS 
Equity Securities 
1,703,157,520 
US2383371091 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COHU US Equity 
COHU INC 
Equity Securities 
1,702,105,445 
US1925761066 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKSO NO Equity 
AKER SOLUTIONS ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,701,386,880 
NO0010716582 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ARN IM Equity 
ALERION CLEANPOWER 
Equity Securities 
1,701,249,024 
IT0004720733 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ICOS IM Equity 
INTERCOS SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,699,923,968 
IT0005455875 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NAPA US Equity 
DUCKHORN PORTFOL 
Equity Securities 
1,699,486,091 
US26414D1063 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HBI US Equity 
HANESBRANDS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,698,367,260 
US4103451021 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1812 HK Equity 
SHANDONG CHEN-H 
Equity Securities 
1,697,854,640 
CNE100000BK2 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1858 HK Equity 
BEIJING CHUNLI-H 
Equity Securities 
1,696,940,275 
CNE100001TP1 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TIP IM Equity 
TAMBURI INVESTMENT 
PARTNERS 
Equity Securities 
1,694,818,560 
IT0003153621 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
IRWD US Equity 
IRONWOOD PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
1,694,196,926 
US46333X1081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DEG AU Equity 
DE GREY MINING 
Equity Securities 
1,692,790,480 
AU000000DEG6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ZV IM Equity 
ZIGNAGO VETRO SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,691,931,008 
IT0004171440 
Materials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
8032 HK Equity 
VIVA CHINA HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
1,690,141,143 
KYG9374E1199 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OLT NO Equity 
OLAV THON 
EIENDOMSSELSKAP AS 
Equity Securities 
1,689,799,296 
NO0005638858 
Real Estate 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GVA US Equity 
GRANITE CONSTR 
Equity Securities 
1,688,552,870 
US3873281071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PHR US Equity 
PHREESIA INC 
Equity Securities 
1,688,153,782 
US71944F1066 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAKE US Equity 
CHEESECAKE FACTO 
Equity Securities 
1,687,506,254 
US1630721017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BTUV AV Equity 
BANK FUER TIROL 
Equity Securities 
1,687,129,997 
AT0000625504 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
CSGS US Equity 
CSG SYSTEMS INTL 
Equity Securities 
1,687,106,718 
US1263491094 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CAAP US Equity 
CORP AMERICA AIR 
Equity Securities 
1,682,826,109 
LU1756447840 
Industrials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
TLX AU Equity 
TELIX PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
1,681,492,652 
AU000000TLX2 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AG1 GR Equity 
AUTO1 GROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
1,679,697,530 
DE000A2LQ884 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ANODB SS Equity 
ADDNODE GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
1,677,984,849 
SE0017885767 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
VRTV US Equity 
VERITIV CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,672,999,518 
US9234541020 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
45 HK Equity 
HK&S HOTELS 
Equity Securities 
1,672,568,653 
HK0045000319 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ETL FP Equity 
EUTELSAT COMMUNI 
Equity Securities 
1,672,273,298 
FR0010221234 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
COUR US Equity 
COURSERA 
Equity Securities 
1,671,589,394 
US22266M1045 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 171 ---
Annex I - page 61 of 162 
 
CSR AU Equity 
CSR LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,671,254,713 
AU000000CSR5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ELG GR Equity 
ELMOS SEMICONDUC 
Equity Securities 
1,669,766,608 
DE0005677108 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PXA AU Equity 
PEXA GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,669,172,629 
AU0000158594 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MTRS SS Equity 
MUNTERS GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
1,666,895,148 
SE0009806607 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AUR US Equity 
AURORA INNOVATIO 
Equity Securities 
1,664,245,501 
US0517741072 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RES US Equity 
RPC INC 
Equity Securities 
1,663,876,354 
US7496601060 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NA9 GR Equity 
NAGARRO SE 
Equity Securities 
1,663,107,105 
DE000A3H2200 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MCY US Equity 
MERCURY GEN CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,660,580,099 
US5894001008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRTN US Equity 
MARTEN TRANSPORT 
Equity Securities 
1,658,761,863 
US5730751089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DEQ GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE EUROSHO 
Equity Securities 
1,656,379,227 
DE0007480204 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1468 HK Equity 
KINGKEY FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
1,654,913,676 
KYG5258T1076 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WAC GR Equity 
WACKER NEUSON SE 
Equity Securities 
1,654,351,472 
DE000WACK012 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KRU PW Equity 
KRUK SA 
Equity Securities 
1,653,698,601 
PLKRK0000010 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
2400 HK Equity 
XD INC 
Equity Securities 
1,652,534,971 
KYG9830N1097 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LRN US Equity 
STRIDE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,651,533,756 
US86333M1080 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NWN US Equity 
NORTHWEST NATURA 
Equity Securities 
1,651,415,525 
US66765N1054 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VAIAS FH Equity 
VAISALA OYJ-A SH 
Equity Securities 
1,650,561,855 
FI0009900682 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
EVGO US Equity 
EVGO INC 
Equity Securities 
1,647,360,121 
US30052F1003 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GBF GR Equity 
BILFINGER SE 
Equity Securities 
1,644,004,610 
DE0005909006 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
EAT US Equity 
BRINKER INTL 
Equity Securities 
1,643,545,722 
US1096411004 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PFV GR Equity 
PFEIFFER VACUUM 
Equity Securities 
1,640,592,222 
DE0006916604 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TAH AU Equity 
TABCORP HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
1,639,078,992 
AU000000TAH8 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DHT US Equity 
DHT HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,637,919,124 
MHY2065G1219 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
558 HK Equity 
L.K. TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
1,635,910,403 
KYG5548P1054 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BRG NO Equity 
BORREGAARD ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,633,535,360 
NO0010657505 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
9997 HK Equity 
KANGJI MEDICAL H 
Equity Securities 
1,630,677,106 
KYG5215A1004 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KTOS US Equity 
KRATOS DEFENSE & 
Equity Securities 
1,629,082,784 
US50077B2079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ARCO US Equity 
ARCOS DORADOS-A 
Equity Securities 
1,625,789,887 
VGG0457F1071 
Consumer Discretionary 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
New York 
MING NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 SMN 
Equity Securities 
1,625,472,512 
NO0006390301 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
AHCO US Equity 
ADAPTHEALTH CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,618,640,191 
US00653Q1022 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRCT US Equity 
PROCEPT BIOROBOT 
Equity Securities 
1,616,067,053 
US74276L1052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IGN1L LH Equity 
AB IGNITIS GRUPE 
Equity Securities 
1,615,710,669 
LT0000115768 
Utilities 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
FUR NA Equity 
FUGRO NV 
Equity Securities 
1,614,958,362 
NL00150003E1 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
EMBC US Equity 
EMBECTA CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,614,531,085 
US29082K1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMTG US Equity 
CLAROS MORTGAGE 
Equity Securities 
1,613,975,748 
US18270D1063 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GRBK US Equity 
GREEN BRICK PART 
Equity Securities 
1,613,912,983 
US3927091013 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVNA US Equity 
CARVANA CO 
Equity Securities 
1,613,303,616 
US1468691027 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EYE US Equity 
NATIONAL VISION 
Equity Securities 
1,613,100,852 
US63845R1077 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GLJ GR Equity 
GRENKE AG 
Equity Securities 
1,612,895,333 
DE000A161N30 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HAIN US Equity 
HAIN CELESTIAL 
Equity Securities 
1,611,298,845 
US4052171000 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NUVL US Equity 
NUVALENT INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,608,350,093 
US6707031075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PEABB SS Equity 
PEAB AB-CLASS B 
Equity Securities 
1,608,123,960 
SE0000106205 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
INT US Equity 
WORLD FUEL SVCS 
Equity Securities 
1,607,515,527 
US9814751064 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EFSC US Equity 
ENTERPRISE FINAN 
Equity Securities 
1,607,459,312 
US2937121059 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FSR US Equity 
FISKER INC 
Equity Securities 
1,606,448,393 
US33813J1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AUPH US Equity 
AURINIA PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
1,599,710,451 
CA05156V1022 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
OXM US Equity 
OXFORD INDS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,598,831,658 
US6914973093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CTOS US Equity 
CUSTOM TRUCK ONE 
Equity Securities 
1,597,285,448 
US23204X1037 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RNST US Equity 
RENASANT CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,597,087,321 
US75970E1073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 172 ---
Annex I - page 62 of 162 
 
TGH US Equity 
TEXTAINER GROUP 
Equity Securities 
1,595,282,987 
BMG8766E1093 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
SILK US Equity 
SILK ROAD MEDICA 
Equity Securities 
1,593,288,297 
US82710M1009 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
336 HK Equity 
HUABAO INTL 
Equity Securities 
1,592,373,925 
BMG4639H1227 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
NLBR SV Equity 
NOVA LJUBLJANSKA 
Equity Securities 
1,592,220,774 
SI0021117344 
Financials 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
AROC US Equity 
ARCHROCK INC 
Equity Securities 
1,591,143,679 
US03957W1062 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HURN US Equity 
HURON CONSULTING 
Equity Securities 
1,590,631,040 
US4474621020 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1316 HK Equity 
NEXTEER 
Equity Securities 
1,589,042,804 
KYG6501M1050 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EVA US Equity 
ENVIVA INC 
Equity Securities 
1,584,780,791 
US29415B1035 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
363 HK Equity 
SHANG INDUS HLDG 
Equity Securities 
1,584,440,702 
HK0363006039 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
RADI US Equity 
RADIUS GLOBAL-A 
Equity Securities 
1,583,434,365 
US7504811032 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AFG NO Equity 
AF GRUPPEN ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,583,212,800 
NO0003078107 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
VCYT US Equity 
VERACYTE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,582,241,517 
US92337F1075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PIA IM Equity 
PIAGGIO & C. S.P.A. 
Equity Securities 
1,580,863,488 
IT0003073266 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RDNT US Equity 
RADNET INC 
Equity Securities 
1,578,929,461 
US7504911022 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DOW AU Equity 
DOWNER EDI LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,578,131,008 
AU000000DOW2 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DK US Equity 
DELEK US HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,573,679,100 
US24665A1034 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BYW GR Equity 
BAYWA AG 
Equity Securities 
1,572,818,619 
DE0005194005 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BYW6 GR Equity 
BAYWA AG-VINK. 
Equity Securities 
1,572,818,619 
DE0005194062 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HEM SS Equity 
HEMNET GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
1,571,609,983 
SE0015671995 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SOW GR Equity 
SOFTWARE AG 
Equity Securities 
1,571,119,472 
DE000A2GS401 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ACP PW Equity 
ASSECOPOL 
Equity Securities 
1,570,664,015 
PLSOFTB00016 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
BIO GR Equity 
BIOTEST AG 
Equity Securities 
1,562,108,368 
DE0005227201 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PLRX US Equity 
PLIANT THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
1,561,901,176 
US7291391057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PDFS US Equity 
PDF SOLUTIONS 
Equity Securities 
1,559,063,453 
US6932821050 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EPROB SS Equity 
ELECTROLUX PRO-B 
Equity Securities 
1,558,294,698 
SE0013747870 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2121 HK Equity 
QINGDAO AINNOV-H 
Equity Securities 
1,556,811,051 
CNE1000055Z1 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SL IM Equity 
SANLORENZO 
SPA/AMEGLIA 
Equity Securities 
1,556,441,728 
IT0003549422 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SVN IR Equity 
SILDARVINNSLAN HF 
Equity Securities 
1,554,959,488 
IS0000000479 
Consumer Staples 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
PARR US Equity 
PAR PACIFIC HOLD 
Equity Securities 
1,554,933,559 
US69888T2078 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XPOF US Equity 
XPONENTIAL FIT-A 
Equity Securities 
1,553,651,692 
US98422X1019 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INFN US Equity 
INFINERA CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,547,492,699 
US45667G1031 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PGTI US Equity 
PGT INNOVATIONS 
Equity Securities 
1,546,581,899 
US69336V1017 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3613 HK Equity 
TONGRENTANGCM 
Equity Securities 
1,546,255,412 
HK0000145638 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
990 HK Equity 
THEME INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
1,544,505,092 
BMG8800F1876 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ARION IR Equity 
ARION BANKI HF 
Equity Securities 
1,542,960,640 
IS0000028157 
Financials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
MEI US Equity 
METHODE ELEC 
Equity Securities 
1,542,347,616 
US5915202007 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1789 HK Equity 
AK MEDICAL HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
1,540,749,609 
KYG020141019 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PATK US Equity 
PATRICK INDS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,540,656,042 
US7033431039 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAP AU Equity 
BAPCOR LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,540,479,314 
AU000000BAP9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MIL PW Equity 
MILLENNIUM 
Equity Securities 
1,538,138,324 
PLBIG0000016 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
AOF GR Equity 
ATOSS SOFTWARE 
Equity Securities 
1,537,278,302 
DE0005104400 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1883 HK Equity 
CITIC TELECOM 
Equity Securities 
1,535,394,422 
HK1883037637 
Communication Services 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
2013 HK Equity 
WEIMOB INC 
Equity Securities 
1,533,704,750 
KYG9T20A1060 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NVEE US Equity 
NV5 GLOBAL INC 
Equity Securities 
1,529,386,423 
US62945V1098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BKU US Equity 
BANKUNITED INC 
Equity Securities 
1,527,934,266 
US06652K1034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HEES US Equity 
H&E EQUIPMENT SE 
Equity Securities 
1,527,404,308 
US4040301081 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NYF SS Equity 
NYFOSA AB 
Equity Securities 
1,526,294,269 
SE0011426428 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
41 HK Equity 
GREAT EAGLE 
Equity Securities 
1,525,946,616 
BMG4069C1486 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong

--- Page 173 ---
Annex I - page 63 of 162 
 
UNFI US Equity 
UNITED NATURAL 
Equity Securities 
1,525,932,899 
US9111631035 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLMN US Equity 
HILLMAN SOLUTION 
Equity Securities 
1,523,314,058 
US4316361090 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPNT US Equity 
SIRIUSPOINT LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,523,138,189 
BMG8192H1060 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
BCRX US Equity 
BIOCRYST PHARM 
Equity Securities 
1,520,800,676 
US09058V1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1992 HK Equity 
FOSUN TOURISM GR 
Equity Securities 
1,518,629,807 
KYG365731069 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SGR AU Equity 
STAR ENTERTAINME 
Equity Securities 
1,516,061,385 
AU000000SGR6 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TMCI US Equity 
TREACE MEDICAL C 
Equity Securities 
1,515,926,875 
US89455T1097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STF FP Equity 
STEF 
Equity Securities 
1,515,110,944 
FR0000064271 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GPOR US Equity 
GULFPORT ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
1,514,270,030 
US4026355028 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SYBT US Equity 
STOCK YARDS BANC 
Equity Securities 
1,513,555,468 
US8610251048 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NXI FP Equity 
NEXITY 
Equity Securities 
1,510,911,561 
FR0010112524 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FMONC FP Equity 
FINANCIERE MONCE 
Equity Securities 
1,507,999,928 
FR0000076986 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PRAA US Equity 
PRA GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
1,507,750,848 
US69354N1063 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GSBD US Equity 
GOLDMAN SACHS BD 
Equity Securities 
1,505,118,230 
US38147U1079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SBH US Equity 
SALLY BEAUTY HOL 
Equity Securities 
1,502,600,386 
US79546E1047 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HTLF US Equity 
HEARTLAND FINL 
Equity Securities 
1,501,246,663 
US42234Q1022 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TBBK US Equity 
BANCORP INC/THE 
Equity Securities 
1,500,818,382 
US05969A1051 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RAMP US Equity 
LIVERAMP HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,500,739,621 
US53815P1084 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TVTX US Equity 
TRAVERE THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
1,499,932,382 
US89422G1076 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VNT AU Equity 
VENTIA SERVICES 
Equity Securities 
1,499,111,608 
AU0000184459 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SEAT US Equity 
VIVID SEATS IN-A 
Equity Securities 
1,498,601,309 
US92854T1007 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KN US Equity 
KNOWLES CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,498,295,800 
US49926D1090 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVDX US Equity 
AVIDXCHANGE HLDG 
Equity Securities 
1,497,996,855 
US05368X1028 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FII FP Equity 
LISI 
Equity Securities 
1,496,392,037 
FR0000050353 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SWTX US Equity 
SPRINGWORKS THER 
Equity Securities 
1,496,185,871 
US85205L1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VSTO US Equity 
VISTA OUTDOOR 
Equity Securities 
1,496,052,854 
US9283771007 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PLYA US Equity 
PLAYA HOTELS & R 
Equity Securities 
1,495,867,903 
NL0012170237 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
303 HK Equity 
VTECH HLDGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,490,480,709 
BMG9400S1329 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SUMO US Equity 
SUMO LOGIC 
Equity Securities 
1,489,058,244 
US86646P1030 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MNRO US Equity 
MONRO INC 
Equity Securities 
1,487,245,194 
US6102361010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LKFN US Equity 
LAKELAND FINL 
Equity Securities 
1,487,138,938 
US5116561003 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9669 HK Equity 
BEISEN HOLDING L 
Equity Securities 
1,487,107,907 
KYG0958D1060 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
YSN GR Equity 
SECUNET SECURIT 
Equity Securities 
1,486,523,945 
DE0007276503 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DHG AU Equity 
DOMAIN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,484,331,163 
AU000000DHG9 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ACLX US Equity 
ARCELLX INC 
Equity Securities 
1,483,530,432 
US03940C1009 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TEG GR Equity 
TAG IMMOBILIEN 
Equity Securities 
1,482,629,151 
DE0008303504 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ATSG US Equity 
AIR TRANSPORT SE 
Equity Securities 
1,479,235,710 
US00922R1059 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HUB AU Equity 
HUB24 LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,478,528,702 
AU000000HUB4 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NUF AU Equity 
NUFARM LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,476,502,543 
AU000000NUF3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GCMG US Equity 
GCM GROSVENOR-A 
Equity Securities 
1,475,625,085 
US36831E1082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TSLX US Equity 
SIXTH STREET SPE 
Equity Securities 
1,475,621,163 
US83012A1097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OEC US Equity 
ORION ENGINEERED 
Equity Securities 
1,475,211,077 
LU1092234845 
Materials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
SANOMA FH Equity 
SANOMA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
1,472,893,202 
FI0009007694 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1083 HK Equity 
TOWNGAS SMART EN 
Equity Securities 
1,469,558,683 
KYG8972T1067 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LSS FP Equity 
LECTRA 
Equity Securities 
1,468,755,308 
FR0000065484 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
KAR US Equity 
KAR AUCTION SERV 
Equity Securities 
1,467,142,028 
US48238T1097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ROCK US Equity 
GIBRALTAR INDUST 
Equity Securities 
1,467,078,580 
US3746891072 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TLRY US Equity 
TILRAY BRANDS IN 
Equity Securities 
1,464,678,813 
US88688T1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COR PL Equity 
CORTICEIRA AMORI 
Equity Securities 
1,462,334,946 
PTCOR0AE0006 
Materials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon

--- Page 174 ---
Annex I - page 64 of 162 
 
KEN US Equity 
KENON HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
1,462,155,425 
SG9999012629 
Utilities 
Singapore 
Singapore 
New York 
1578 HK Equity 
BANK OF TIANJI-H 
Equity Securities 
1,461,591,012 
CNE100002623 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
2402 HK Equity 
BEIJING SINOHY-H 
Equity Securities 
1,460,176,090 
CNE100005RX0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
VEI NO Equity 
VEIDEKKE ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,458,712,320 
NO0005806802 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BETSB SS Equity 
BETSSON AB-B 
Equity Securities 
1,457,866,515 
SE0018535684 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CTS US Equity 
CTS CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,457,679,191 
US1265011056 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MIPS SS Equity 
MIPS AB 
Equity Securities 
1,455,956,489 
SE0009216278 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SATS US Equity 
ECHOSTAR CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
1,455,758,383 
US2787681061 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NWBI US Equity 
NORTHWEST BANCSH 
Equity Securities 
1,454,701,810 
US6673401039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GYC GR Equity 
GRAND CITY PROPE 
Equity Securities 
1,453,858,001 
LU0775917882 
Real Estate 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
OCSL US Equity 
OAKTREE SPECIALT 
Equity Securities 
1,450,641,930 
US67401P4054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENVA US Equity 
ENOVA INTERNATIO 
Equity Securities 
1,449,167,973 
US29357K1034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLF US Equity 
HERBALIFE NUTRIT 
Equity Securities 
1,448,421,941 
KYG4412G1010 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
MEL SM Equity 
MELIA HOTELS INT 
Equity Securities 
1,447,920,501 
ES0176252718 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
NMRK US Equity 
NEWMARK GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
1,447,363,801 
US65158N1028 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MCRI US Equity 
MONARCH CASINO 
Equity Securities 
1,446,027,494 
US6090271072 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATO FP Equity 
ATOS SE 
Equity Securities 
1,445,727,416 
FR0000051732 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ANIM IM Equity 
ANIMA HOLDING SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,445,121,920 
IT0004998065 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NBTB US Equity 
NBT BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
1,444,989,442 
US6287781024 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EVRI US Equity 
EVERI HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
1,443,435,554 
US30034T1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FSKRS FH Equity 
FISKARS OYJ 
Equity Securities 
1,440,982,656 
FI0009000400 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
546 HK Equity 
FUFENG GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,440,819,429 
KYG368441195 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
INDI US Equity 
INDIE SEMICOND-A 
Equity Securities 
1,439,799,905 
US45569U1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCF IM Equity 
SALCEF GROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,437,375,616 
IT0005388266 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PTLO US Equity 
PORTILLOS-CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,436,712,173 
US73642K1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COMP US Equity 
COMPASS INC - A 
Equity Securities 
1,436,498,636 
US20464U1007 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVID US Equity 
AVID TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
1,435,462,586 
US05367P1003 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FNA US Equity 
PARAGON 28 INC 
Equity Securities 
1,435,245,469 
US69913P1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARTO FP Equity 
ARTOIS (IND FIN) 
Equity Securities 
1,434,165,757 
FR0000076952 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
STORB SS Equity 
STORSKOGEN GRO-B 
Equity Securities 
1,431,749,386 
SE0016797732 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MAIRE IM Equity 
MAIRE TECNIMONT SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,431,128,192 
IT0004931058 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ARVN US Equity 
ARVINAS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,430,872,248 
US04335A1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PTVE US Equity 
PACTIV EVERGREEN 
Equity Securities 
1,430,594,964 
US69526K1051 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CLDX US Equity 
CELLDEX THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
1,429,905,755 
US15117B2025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRMK US Equity 
TRUSTMARK CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,429,756,245 
US8984021027 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
107 HK Equity 
SICHUAN EXP-H 
Equity Securities 
1,428,118,438 
CNE100000494 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1811 HK Equity 
CGN NEW ENERGY H 
Equity Securities 
1,426,648,871 
BMG202981087 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SXI US Equity 
STANDEX INTL CO 
Equity Securities 
1,424,807,156 
US8542311076 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VCT FP Equity 
VICAT 
Equity Securities 
1,424,253,764 
FR0000031775 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CNV FP Equity 
CNOVA NV 
Equity Securities 
1,423,345,569 
NL0010949392 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Paris 
SBGI US Equity 
SINCLAIR BROAD-A 
Equity Securities 
1,420,454,527 
US8292261091 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DVAX US Equity 
DYNAVAX TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
1,419,875,337 
US2681582019 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
710 HK Equity 
BOE VARITRONIX L 
Equity Securities 
1,419,811,616 
BMG1223L1054 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FDP US Equity 
FRESH DEL MONTE 
Equity Securities 
1,418,749,188 
KYG367381053 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
BEN FP Equity 
BENETEAU 
Equity Securities 
1,418,207,292 
FR0000035164 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ECVT US Equity 
ECOVYST INC 
Equity Securities 
1,416,731,920 
US27923Q1094 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TASK US Equity 
TASKUS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,415,926,762 
US87652V1098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VCEL US Equity 
VERICEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,415,786,449 
US92346J1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6122 HK Equity 
JILIN JIUTAI R-H 
Equity Securities 
1,415,620,564 
CNE100002BG6 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong

--- Page 175 ---
Annex I - page 65 of 162 
 
RCKT US Equity 
ROCKET PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
1,415,564,038 
US77313F1066 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IPCO SS Equity 
INTERNATIONAL PE 
Equity Securities 
1,413,142,593 
CA46016U1084 
Energy 
Canada 
Canada 
Stockholm 
NOLAB SS Equity 
NOLATO AB-B 
Equity Securities 
1,412,305,701 
SE0015962477 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LNN US Equity 
LINDSAY CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,412,094,053 
US5355551061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MNTV US Equity 
MOMENTIVE GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
1,411,964,803 
US60878Y1082 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CNNE US Equity 
CANNAE HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,410,769,818 
US13765N1072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FBK US Equity 
FB FINANCIAL COR 
Equity Securities 
1,406,207,135 
US30257X1046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GRP ID Equity 
GREENCOAT RENEWA 
Equity Securities 
1,405,367,225 
IE00BF2NR112 
Utilities 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
TOD IM Equity 
TOD'S SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,403,369,728 
IT0003007728 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TUI1 GR Equity 
TUI AG 
Equity Securities 
1,402,379,194 
DE000TUAG505 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GIMB BB Equity 
GIMV NV 
Equity Securities 
1,402,283,946 
BE0003699130 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1918 HK Equity 
SUNAC 
Equity Securities 
1,402,151,088 
KYG8569A1067 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ANDE US Equity 
ANDERSONS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,401,318,817 
US0341641035 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CODI US Equity 
COMPASS DIVERSIF 
Equity Securities 
1,397,122,806 
US20451Q1040 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATUS US Equity 
ALTICE USA INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,395,856,614 
US02156K1034 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMAG AV Equity 
AMAG AUSTRIA MET 
Equity Securities 
1,395,819,596 
AT00000AMAG3 
Materials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
ALR PW Equity 
ALIOR BANK SA 
Equity Securities 
1,395,422,421 
PLALIOR00045 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
MSEX US Equity 
MIDDLESEX WATER 
Equity Securities 
1,392,494,663 
US5966801087 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UPONOR FH Equity 
UPONOR OYJ 
Equity Securities 
1,391,689,942 
FI0009002158 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AGM/A US Equity 
FED AGRI MTG-A 
Equity Securities 
1,389,969,827 
US3131481083 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AGM US Equity 
FED AGRI MTG-C 
Equity Securities 
1,389,969,827 
US3131483063 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVNS US Equity 
AVANOS MEDICAL I 
Equity Securities 
1,389,269,056 
US05350V1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SEMR US Equity 
SEMRUSH HOLDIN-A 
Equity Securities 
1,388,793,045 
US81686C1045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BFH US Equity 
BREAD FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
1,388,771,692 
US0185811082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FAGR BB Equity 
FAGRON 
Equity Securities 
1,388,418,767 
BE0003874915 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
CHCO US Equity 
CITY HOLDING CO 
Equity Securities 
1,388,351,539 
US1778351056 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SWI US Equity 
SOLARWINDS CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,387,894,193 
US83417Q2049 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NTG DC Equity 
NTG NORDIC TRANS 
Equity Securities 
1,383,792,441 
DK0061141215 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
SMTC US Equity 
SEMTECH CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,382,798,079 
US8168501018 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1108 HK Equity 
TRIUMPH NEW EN-H 
Equity Securities 
1,381,943,231 
CNE1000003Q0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
38 HK Equity 
FIRST TRACTOR-H 
Equity Securities 
1,380,576,410 
CNE100000320 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GEKTERNA GA Equity 
GEK TERNA HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,380,486,797 
GRS145003000 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
PTSB ID Equity 
PERMANENT TSB GR 
Equity Securities 
1,379,838,506 
IE00BWB8X525 
Financials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
ERII US Equity 
ENERGY RECOVERY 
Equity Securities 
1,379,405,496 
US29270J1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTKB US Equity 
CYTEK BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
1,378,683,752 
US23285D1090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EPAC US Equity 
ENERPAC TOOL GRO 
Equity Securities 
1,376,327,246 
US2927651040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
USPH US Equity 
US PHYSICAL THER 
Equity Securities 
1,373,399,977 
US90337L1089 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MORF US Equity 
MORPHIC HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,373,180,244 
US61775R1059 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TNK US Equity 
TEEKAY TANK-CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,370,793,867 
MHY8565N3002 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
1686 HK Equity 
SUNEVISION HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
1,370,675,301 
KYG857001054 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SNDX US Equity 
SYNDAX PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
1,369,908,520 
US87164F1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OSCR US Equity 
OSCAR HEALTH -A 
Equity Securities 
1,369,200,427 
US6877931096 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATEA NO Equity 
ATEA ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,368,953,344 
NO0004822503 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
UPWK US Equity 
UPWORK INC 
Equity Securities 
1,368,475,107 
US91688F1049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OLO US Equity 
OLO INC - CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,368,196,306 
US68134L1098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3669 HK Equity 
CHINA YONGDA AUT 
Equity Securities 
1,367,764,951 
KYG2162W1024 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1516 HK Equity 
SUNAC SERVICES H 
Equity Securities 
1,366,835,597 
KYG8569B1041 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
INSTAL SS Equity 
INSTALCO AB 
Equity Securities 
1,366,335,334 
SE0017483506 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PLUS US Equity 
EPLUS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,363,433,478 
US2942681071 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 176 ---
Annex I - page 66 of 162 
 
142 HK Equity 
FIRST PACIFIC 
Equity Securities 
1,361,688,767 
BMG348041077 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FBNC US Equity 
FIRST BANCORP/NC 
Equity Securities 
1,361,653,641 
US3189101062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KIN BB Equity 
KINEPOLIS 
Equity Securities 
1,361,483,492 
BE0974274061 
Communication Services 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
EGR1T ET Equity 
ENEFIT GREEN AS 
Equity Securities 
1,360,580,491 
EE3100137985 
Utilities 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
MLKN US Equity 
MILLERKNOLL INC 
Equity Securities 
1,360,557,776 
US6005441000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QTWO US Equity 
Q2 HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,360,335,434 
US74736L1098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INTRUM SS Equity 
INTRUM AB 
Equity Securities 
1,359,506,141 
SE0000936478 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
UCTT US Equity 
ULTRA CLEAN HOLD 
Equity Securities 
1,358,811,488 
US90385V1070 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PFS US Equity 
PROVIDENT FINANC 
Equity Securities 
1,358,113,500 
US74386T1051 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CEM IM Equity 
CEMENTIR HOLDING NV 
Equity Securities 
1,357,911,296 
NL0013995087 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
BorsaItaliana 
CRC RO Equity 
CHIMCOMPLEX BORZ 
Equity Securities 
1,356,261,086 
ROCHOBACNOR8 
Materials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
IONQ US Equity 
IONQ INC 
Equity Securities 
1,352,410,136 
US46222L1089 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
855 HK Equity 
CHINA WATER AFFA 
Equity Securities 
1,351,621,748 
BMG210901242 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FVRR US Equity 
FIVERR INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
1,351,339,816 
IL0011582033 
Industrials 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
JBI US Equity 
JANUS INTERNATIO 
Equity Securities 
1,351,142,864 
US47103N1063 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EVT AU Equity 
EVT LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,350,693,352 
AU000000EVT1 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PLMR US Equity 
PALOMAR HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,347,856,642 
US69753M1053 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRIM US Equity 
PRIMORIS SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
1,346,222,659 
US74164F1030 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
751 HK Equity 
SKYWORTH GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
1,343,663,245 
BMG8181C1001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
MDRX US Equity 
VERADIGM INC 
Equity Securities 
1,342,802,647 
US01988P1084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRTS US Equity 
VIRTUS INVEST 
Equity Securities 
1,342,449,291 
US92828Q1094 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KDNY US Equity 
CHINOOK THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
1,340,627,736 
US16961L1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2155 HK Equity 
MORIMATSU INTERN 
Equity Securities 
1,340,478,085 
HK0000709128 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
TYRES FH Equity 
NOKIAN RENKAAT 
Equity Securities 
1,340,301,796 
FI0009005318 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
FLOW NA Equity 
FLOW TRADERS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,339,491,345 
BMG3602E1084 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
EN Amsterdam 
OPAL US Equity 
OPAL FUELS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,338,500,266 
US68347P1030 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SABR US Equity 
SABRE CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,337,372,737 
US78573M1045 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WWW US Equity 
WOLVERINE WORLD 
Equity Securities 
1,335,556,546 
US9780971035 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UPBD US Equity 
UPBOUND GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
1,334,154,869 
US76009N1000 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
819 HK Equity 
TIANNENG POWER 
Equity Securities 
1,334,151,793 
KYG8655K1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TROAX SS Equity 
TROAX GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
1,333,837,204 
SE0012729366 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HMN US Equity 
HORACE MANN EDUC 
Equity Securities 
1,333,705,622 
US4403271046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HBH GR Equity 
HORNBACH HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,333,473,550 
DE0006083405 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KFRC US Equity 
KFORCE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,332,892,039 
US4937321010 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1357 HK Equity 
MEITU INC 
Equity Securities 
1,330,350,287 
KYG5966D1051 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CEC GR Equity 
CECONOMY AG 
Equity Securities 
1,329,483,401 
DE0007257503 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
9658 HK Equity 
SUPER HI INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
1,325,468,440 
KYG8588S1049 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6929 HK Equity 
ORBUSNEICH MEDIC 
Equity Securities 
1,324,448,810 
KYG6773B1005 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UVV US Equity 
UNIVERSAL CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,324,025,065 
US9134561094 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PDN AU Equity 
PALADIN ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
1,320,552,832 
AU000000PDN8 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DIGI RO Equity 
DIGI COMMUNICATI 
Equity Securities 
1,317,502,261 
NL0012294474 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Bucharest 
VEON NA Equity 
VEON LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,317,300,603 
BMG9349W1038 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
EN Amsterdam 
TA US Equity 
TRAVELCENTERS OF 
Equity Securities 
1,316,743,108 
US89421B1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LVWR US Equity 
LIVEWIRE GROUP I 
Equity Securities 
1,315,659,644 
US53838J1051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRDO US Equity 
CREDO TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
1,315,613,658 
KYG254571055 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ROAD US Equity 
CONSTRUCTION P-A 
Equity Securities 
1,314,861,964 
US21044C1071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RYI US Equity 
RYERSON HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,313,289,090 
US7837541041 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
9923 HK Equity 
YEAHKA LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,312,428,815 
KYG9835C1087 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CARS US Equity 
CARS.COM INC 
Equity Securities 
1,311,169,862 
US14575E1055 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 177 ---
Annex I - page 67 of 162 
 
ALTI US Equity 
ALVARIUM TIEDMAN 
Equity Securities 
1,310,869,988 
US02237A1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPOL NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 
OESTLANDET 
Equity Securities 
1,310,767,104 
NO0010751910 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
TITC BB Equity 
TITAN CEMENT INT 
Equity Securities 
1,309,125,702 
BE0974338700 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
CDE US Equity 
COEUR MINING INC 
Equity Securities 
1,308,056,502 
US1921085049 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IFL AU Equity 
INSIGNIA FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
1,307,913,288 
AU000000IFL2 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
34 HK Equity 
KOWLOON DVLP CO 
Equity Securities 
1,307,051,708 
HK0034000254 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SFL US Equity 
SFL CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,306,641,291 
BMG7738W1064 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
BRDG US Equity 
BRIDGE INVESTM-A 
Equity Securities 
1,303,694,821 
US10806B1008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3933 HK Equity 
THE UNITED LABOR 
Equity Securities 
1,303,183,422 
KYG8813K1085 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PRME US Equity 
PRIME MEDICINE I 
Equity Securities 
1,302,121,624 
US74168J1016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CAV1V FH Equity 
CAVERION OYJ 
Equity Securities 
1,301,367,254 
FI4000062781 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
TFIN US Equity 
TRIUMPH FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
1,300,718,759 
US89679E3009 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VVX US Equity 
V2X INC 
Equity Securities 
1,300,181,590 
US92242T1016 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMPL US Equity 
AMPLITUDE-CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,299,929,690 
US03213A1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EAF US Equity 
GRAFTECH INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
1,298,792,188 
US3843135084 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CMP US Equity 
COMPASS MINERALS 
Equity Securities 
1,298,715,286 
US20451N1019 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JSW PW Equity 
JSW 
Equity Securities 
1,297,802,288 
PLJSW0000015 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
NVRO US Equity 
NEVRO CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,296,678,828 
US64157F1030 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GOR AU Equity 
GOLD ROAD RESOUR 
Equity Securities 
1,296,053,315 
AU000000GOR5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CMO SM Equity 
CEMENTOS MOLINS 
Equity Securities 
1,294,074,054 
ES0117360117 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
UDMY US Equity 
UDEMY INC 
Equity Securities 
1,293,703,003 
US9026851066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DFH US Equity 
DREAM FINDERS-A 
Equity Securities 
1,293,653,355 
US26154D1000 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TCBK US Equity 
TRICO BANCSHARES 
Equity Securities 
1,293,051,387 
US8960951064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALLEI SS Equity 
ALLEIMA AB 
Equity Securities 
1,290,975,691 
SE0017615644 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MLNK US Equity 
MERIDIANLINK INC 
Equity Securities 
1,290,820,224 
US58985J1051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IRE AU Equity 
IRESS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,289,219,471 
AU000000IRE2 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EVBG US Equity 
EVERBRIDGE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,288,263,560 
US29978A1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SYA AU Equity 
SAYONA MINING LT 
Equity Securities 
1,287,949,469 
AU000000SYA5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
WRBY US Equity 
WARBY PARKER-A 
Equity Securities 
1,286,001,113 
US93403J1060 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DFIN US Equity 
DONNELLEY FINANC 
Equity Securities 
1,285,443,131 
US25787G1004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CHEF US Equity 
CHEFS WAREHOUSE 
Equity Securities 
1,285,412,863 
US1630861011 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTMI US Equity 
TTM TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
1,285,388,108 
US87305R1095 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SRS IM Equity 
SARAS SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,283,076,864 
IT0000433307 
Energy 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MODN US Equity 
MODEL N INC 
Equity Securities 
1,281,847,453 
US6075251024 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DICE US Equity 
DICE THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
1,281,029,746 
US23345J1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RCUS US Equity 
ARCUS BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
1,280,618,641 
US03969F1093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2145 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI CHICMAX 
Equity Securities 
1,280,072,010 
CNE100005MX1 
Consumer Staples 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FPARD SS Equity 
FASTPARTNER AB-D 
Equity Securities 
1,279,202,061 
SE0013512514 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FPARA SS Equity 
FASTPARTNER-A 
Equity Securities 
1,279,152,407 
SE0013512506 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1896 HK Equity 
MAOYAN ENTERTAIN 
Equity Securities 
1,278,346,132 
KYG5804A1076 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MAXN US Equity 
MAXEON SOLAR TEC 
Equity Securities 
1,276,749,781 
SGXZ25336314 
Information Technology 
Singapore 
Singapore 
NASDAQ 
2315 HK Equity 
BIOCYTOGEN-H 
Equity Securities 
1,274,529,703 
CNE100005D27 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HSKA US Equity 
HESKA CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,273,598,334 
US42805E3062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UPST US Equity 
UPSTART HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
1,271,898,659 
US91680M1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TEL1L LH Equity 
TELIA LIETUVA AB 
Equity Securities 
1,271,557,496 
LT0000123911 
Communication Services 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
LGND US Equity 
LIGAND PHARM 
Equity Securities 
1,269,478,756 
US53220K5048 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NEWAB SS Equity 
NEW WAVE GROUP-B 
Equity Securities 
1,269,136,067 
SE0000426546 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TH US Equity 
TARGET HOSPITALI 
Equity Securities 
1,267,488,276 
US87615L1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 178 ---
Annex I - page 68 of 162 
 
DO US Equity 
DIAMOND OFFSHORE 
Equity Securities 
1,266,697,893 
US25271C2017 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IOVA US Equity 
IOVANCE BIOTHERA 
Equity Securities 
1,264,707,294 
US4622601007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KTN GR Equity 
KONTRON AG 
Equity Securities 
1,260,711,761 
AT0000A0E9W5 
Information Technology 
Austria 
Austria 
Xetra 
PAL AV Equity 
PALFINGER AG 
Equity Securities 
1,258,613,773 
AT0000758305 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
OEMB SS Equity 
OEM INTL AB-B 
Equity Securities 
1,258,257,046 
SE0017766843 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ANF US Equity 
ABERCROMBIE & FI 
Equity Securities 
1,258,030,458 
US0028962076 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3319 HK Equity 
A-LIVING SMART C 
Equity Securities 
1,255,405,272 
CNE100002RY5 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MGNI US Equity 
MAGNITE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,254,681,137 
US55955D1000 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SEM PL Equity 
SEMAPA 
Equity Securities 
1,254,563,318 
PTSEM0AM0004 
Materials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
1330 HK Equity 
DYNAGREEN ENVI-H 
Equity Securities 
1,253,582,331 
CNE100001SH0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MMI US Equity 
MARCUS & MILLICH 
Equity Securities 
1,252,668,097 
US5663241090 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1349 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI FUDAN-H 
Equity Securities 
1,245,705,042 
CNE1000000W4 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
2291 HK Equity 
LEPU SCIENTECH-H 
Equity Securities 
1,243,456,949 
CNE1000057M5 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
KTY PW Equity 
KETY 
Equity Securities 
1,241,802,192 
PLKETY000011 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
VIO BB Equity 
VIOHALCO SA 
Equity Securities 
1,241,197,021 
BE0974271034 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
2157 HK Equity 
LEPU BIOPHARMA-H 
Equity Securities 
1,240,900,073 
CNE100004SM4 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LHV1T ET Equity 
LHV GROUP AS 
Equity Securities 
1,239,843,097 
EE3100102203 
Financials 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
USNA US Equity 
USANA HEALTH SCI 
Equity Securities 
1,239,274,944 
US90328M1071 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PBB GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE PFANDBR 
Equity Securities 
1,239,029,891 
DE0008019001 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BILIA SS Equity 
BILIA AB-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
1,238,419,551 
SE0009921588 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
JM SS Equity 
JM AB 
Equity Securities 
1,238,148,800 
SE0000806994 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TNC US Equity 
TENNANT CO 
Equity Securities 
1,235,916,876 
US8803451033 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BEIAB SS Equity 
BEIJER ALMA -B 
Equity Securities 
1,235,132,408 
SE0011090547 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LIAB SS Equity 
LINDAB INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
1,233,208,433 
SE0001852419 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ALHC US Equity 
ALIGNMENT HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
1,232,314,520 
US01625V1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
165 HK Equity 
CHINA EVER LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,232,290,423 
HK0165000859 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1610 HK Equity 
COFCO JOYCOME FO 
Equity Securities 
1,231,610,179 
KYG226921008 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HTLD US Equity 
HEARTLAND EXPRES 
Equity Securities 
1,231,428,517 
US4223471040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTY1S FH Equity 
CITYCON OYJ 
Equity Securities 
1,231,197,608 
FI4000369947 
Real Estate 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MVC SM Equity 
METROVACESA SA 
Equity Securities 
1,230,860,768 
ES0105122024 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ECPG US Equity 
ENCORE CAPITAL G 
Equity Securities 
1,230,504,016 
US2925541029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CDMO US Equity 
AVID BIOSERVICES 
Equity Securities 
1,229,675,121 
US05368M1062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1563 HK Equity 
ALLIANCE INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
1,227,813,104 
KYG4815A1076 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SPNS US Equity 
SAPIENS INTL 
Equity Securities 
1,227,527,288 
KYG7T16G1039 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NSSC US Equity 
NAPCO SECURITY 
Equity Securities 
1,227,306,981 
US6304021057 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
308 HK Equity 
CHINA TRAVEL HK 
Equity Securities 
1,227,244,033 
HK0308001558 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CMRE US Equity 
COSTAMARE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,226,858,880 
MHY1771G1026 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
6955 HK Equity 
BOAN BIOTECH-H 
Equity Securities 
1,226,175,653 
CNE100005RV4 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TDS US Equity 
TELEPHONE & DATA 
Equity Securities 
1,223,582,208 
US8794338298 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CMM AU Equity 
CAPRICORN METALS 
Equity Securities 
1,223,577,603 
AU000000CMM9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TOM2 NA Equity 
TOMTOM NV 
Equity Securities 
1,223,239,750 
NL0013332471 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
PRO US Equity 
PROS HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
1,223,043,351 
US74346Y1038 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MD US Equity 
PEDIATRIX MEDICA 
Equity Securities 
1,222,744,753 
US58502B1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DDD US Equity 
3D SYSTEMS CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,221,436,310 
US88554D2053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IPH AU Equity 
IPH LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,220,139,403 
AU000000IPH9 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NBHC US Equity 
NATIONAL-CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,219,561,790 
US6337071046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AFYA US Equity 
AFYA LTD-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
1,218,416,479 
KYG011251066 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
EQS FP Equity 
EQUASENS 
Equity Securities 
1,217,928,337 
FR0012882389 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CAMX SS Equity 
CAMURUS AB 
Equity Securities 
1,217,073,662 
SE0007692850 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 179 ---
Annex I - page 69 of 162 
 
APPS US Equity 
DIGITAL TURBINE 
Equity Securities 
1,216,487,101 
US25400W1027 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PX US Equity 
P10 INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,215,027,913 
US69376K1060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COK GR Equity 
CANCOM AG 
Equity Securities 
1,214,298,329 
DE0005419105 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FCF US Equity 
FIRST COMMON FIN 
Equity Securities 
1,214,155,200 
US3198291078 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NMFC US Equity 
NEW MOUNTAIN FIN 
Equity Securities 
1,213,263,053 
US6475511001 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGIO US Equity 
AGIOS PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
1,212,957,793 
US00847X1046 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BRIM IR Equity 
BRIM HF 
Equity Securities 
1,212,099,840 
IS0000000297 
Consumer Staples 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
AMG NA Equity 
AMG ADVANCED MET 
Equity Securities 
1,211,886,668 
NL0000888691 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
1515 HK Equity 
CHINA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
1,210,797,481 
KYG2133W1087 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ENGCONB SS Equity 
ENGCON AB 
Equity Securities 
1,210,608,909 
SE0017769847 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
STEL US Equity 
STELLAR BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
1,210,476,122 
US8589271068 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTELEKOM HB Equity 
MAGYAR TELEKOM 
Equity Securities 
1,208,561,232 
HU0000073507 
Communication Services 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
ITM IM Equity 
ITALMOBILIARE SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,207,412,608 
IT0005253205 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
GB US Equity 
GLOBAL BLUE GROU 
Equity Securities 
1,207,361,298 
CH0562152865 
Financials 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
LZB US Equity 
LA-Z-BOY INC 
Equity Securities 
1,206,206,031 
US5053361078 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MOL IM Equity 
GRUPPO MUTUIONLINE 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,204,396,160 
IT0004195308 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
3983 HK Equity 
CHINA BLUECHEM-H 
Equity Securities 
1,203,900,722 
CNE1000002D0 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
APM AU Equity 
APM HUMAN SERVIC 
Equity Securities 
1,203,881,114 
AU0000187528 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1065 HK Equity 
TIANJIN CAP-H 
Equity Securities 
1,203,196,061 
CNE1000004G9 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DGII US Equity 
DIGI INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
1,202,773,722 
US2537981027 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DAC US Equity 
DANAOS CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,200,399,489 
MHY1968P1218 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
COCO US Equity 
VITA COCO CO INC 
Equity Securities 
1,198,861,094 
US92846Q1076 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XFAB FP Equity 
X-FAB SILICON FO 
Equity Securities 
1,198,526,655 
BE0974310428 
Information Technology 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Paris 
OPK US Equity 
OPKO HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
1,197,608,759 
US68375N1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LIC AU Equity 
LIFESTYLE COMMUN 
Equity Securities 
1,193,257,231 
AU000000LIC9 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
REG1V FH Equity 
REVENIO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
1,191,036,970 
FI0009010912 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
DNOW US Equity 
NOW INC 
Equity Securities 
1,190,482,726 
US67011P1003 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CNXN US Equity 
PC CONNECTION 
Equity Securities 
1,190,140,357 
US69318J1007 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9699 HK Equity 
HANGZHOU SF IN-H 
Equity Securities 
1,189,133,281 
CNE100004SP7 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GVS IM Equity 
GVS SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,188,216,960 
IT0005411209 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1666 HK Equity 
TONG REN TANG-H 
Equity Securities 
1,187,799,564 
CNE100000585 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GDEN US Equity 
GOLDEN ENTERTAIN 
Equity Securities 
1,185,771,899 
US3810131017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EKT GR Equity 
ENERGIEKONTOR AG 
Equity Securities 
1,185,689,750 
DE0005313506 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
2666 HK Equity 
GENERTEC UNIVERS 
Equity Securities 
1,185,540,632 
HK0000255361 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SGL GR Equity 
SGL CARBON SE 
Equity Securities 
1,183,727,160 
DE0007235301 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
JLG AU Equity 
JOHNS LYNG GROUP 
Equity Securities 
1,182,337,732 
AU000000JLG8 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
120 HK Equity 
COSMO INTL 1000 
Equity Securities 
1,180,794,925 
KYG2445L1547 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
667 HK Equity 
CHINA EAST EDUCA 
Equity Securities 
1,179,562,119 
KYG2120T1004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PACW US Equity 
PACWEST BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
1,178,005,228 
US6952631033 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NCAB SS Equity 
NCAB GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
1,177,880,082 
SE0017160773 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ALIFB SS Equity 
ADDLIFE AB-B 
Equity Securities 
1,177,748,525 
SE0014401378 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ZUO US Equity 
ZUORA INC -CL A 
Equity Securities 
1,177,495,000 
US98983V1061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLS AU Equity 
HEALIUS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,173,911,451 
AU0000033359 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EWCZ US Equity 
EUROPEAN WAX-A 
Equity Securities 
1,173,062,431 
US29882P1066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HAUTO NO Equity 
HOEGH AUTOLINERS ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,172,643,584 
NO0011082075 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
PL US Equity 
PLANET LABS PBC 
Equity Securities 
1,171,361,461 
US72703X1063 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CASH SM Equity 
PROSEGUR CASH SA 
Equity Securities 
1,170,461,391 
ES0105229001 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE

--- Page 180 ---
Annex I - page 70 of 162 
 
ATS AV Equity 
AT&S 
Equity Securities 
1,170,406,711 
AT0000969985 
Information Technology 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
SCHL US Equity 
SCHOLASTIC CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,169,243,759 
US8070661058 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
909 HK Equity 
MING YUAN CLOUD 
Equity Securities 
1,168,772,470 
KYG6142R1092 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PRG US Equity 
PROG HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
1,168,363,662 
US74319R1014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLX US Equity 
HELIX ENERGY SOL 
Equity Securities 
1,168,018,062 
US42330P1075 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRM US Equity 
PERIMETER SOLUTI 
Equity Securities 
1,167,512,818 
LU2391723694 
Materials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
VAR1 GR Equity 
VARTA AG 
Equity Securities 
1,167,424,847 
DE000A0TGJ55 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
WWI NO Equity 
WILH WILHELMSEN 
HOLDING-A 
Equity Securities 
1,166,676,992 
NO0010571698 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
WWIB NO Equity 
WILH WILHELMSEN 
HOLDING-B 
Equity Securities 
1,166,676,992 
NO0010576010 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1458 HK Equity 
ZHOU HEI YA INTE 
Equity Securities 
1,165,780,429 
KYG989761062 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NEU AU Equity 
NEUREN PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
1,164,602,628 
NZNEUE0001S8 
Health Care 
New Zealand 
New Zealand 
ASE 
LMAT US Equity 
LEMAITRE VASCULA 
Equity Securities 
1,164,488,590 
US5255582018 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
535 HK Equity 
GEMDALE PROPERTI 
Equity Securities 
1,163,750,879 
BMG3911S1035 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
DOC AV Equity 
DO & CO AG 
Equity Securities 
1,163,594,942 
AT0000818802 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
ALKT US Equity 
ALKAMI TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
1,162,475,878 
US01644J1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MATV US Equity 
MATIV INC 
Equity Securities 
1,159,428,486 
US8085411069 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CREDA SS Equity 
CREADES AB-A 
Equity Securities 
1,157,865,740 
SE0015661236 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IVC AU Equity 
INVOCARE LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,157,766,857 
AU000000IVC8 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SHCO US Equity 
SOHO HOUSE & CO 
Equity Securities 
1,157,596,770 
US5860011098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
357 HK Equity 
HAINAN MEILAN IN 
Equity Securities 
1,156,221,813 
CNE1000003B2 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
NXGN US Equity 
NEXTGEN HEALTHCA 
Equity Securities 
1,155,377,230 
US65343C1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SKYW US Equity 
SKYWEST INC 
Equity Securities 
1,154,581,624 
US8308791024 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMPR US Equity 
CIMPRESS PLC 
Equity Securities 
1,154,129,405 
IE00BKYC3F77 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
JBSS US Equity 
JOHN B SANFILIPP 
Equity Securities 
1,154,082,939 
US8004221078 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FREY US Equity 
FREYR BATTERY SA 
Equity Securities 
1,153,965,233 
LU2360697374 
Industrials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
WINA US Equity 
WINMARK CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,152,134,382 
US9742501029 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CXO AU Equity 
CORE LITHIUM LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,152,048,919 
AU000000CXO2 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OFG US Equity 
OFG BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
1,152,008,710 
PR67103X1020 
Financials 
Puerto Rico 
Puerto Rico 
New York 
1112 HK Equity 
HEALTH AND HAPPI 
Equity Securities 
1,151,334,313 
KYG4387E1070 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AGR AV Equity 
AGRANA BETEIL 
Equity Securities 
1,150,835,995 
AT000AGRANA3 
Consumer Staples 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
PSI AU Equity 
PSC INSURANCE GR 
Equity Securities 
1,150,458,745 
AU000000PSI6 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EPR NO Equity 
EUROPRIS ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,149,534,336 
NO0010735343 
Consumer Discretionary 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
IE US Equity 
IVANHOE ELECTRIC 
Equity Securities 
1,149,132,251 
US46578C1080 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DOLE US Equity 
DOLE PLC 
Equity Securities 
1,148,280,247 
IE0003LFZ4U7 
Consumer Staples 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
FOIB SS Equity 
FENIX OUTDOOR IN 
Equity Securities 
1,147,851,999 
CH0242214887 
Consumer Discretionary 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
Stockholm 
1635 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI DAZHO-H 
Equity Securities 
1,146,452,383 
CNE100002B48 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SSU US Equity 
SIGNA SPORTS UNI 
Equity Securities 
1,144,363,116 
NL0015000LX8 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
LTA FP Equity 
ALTAMIR 
Equity Securities 
1,144,244,377 
FR0000053837 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CASH US Equity 
PATHWARD FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
1,143,246,250 
US59100U1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EIG US Equity 
EMPLOYERS HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,142,655,103 
US2922181043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
STBA US Equity 
S & T BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
1,142,648,461 
US7838591011 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IRBT US Equity 
IROBOT CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,141,648,381 
US4627261005 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRLA FP Equity 
CRCAM DU LANGUED 
Equity Securities 
1,141,292,066 
FR0010461053 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BPOST BB Equity 
BPOST SA 
Equity Securities 
1,141,286,344 
BE0974268972 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
MBUU US Equity 
MALIBU BOATS-A 
Equity Securities 
1,140,546,453 
US56117J1007 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADV GR Equity 
ADVA OPTICAL NET 
Equity Securities 
1,140,148,176 
DE0005103006 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
173 HK Equity 
K WAH INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
1,137,434,861 
BMG5321P1169 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong

--- Page 181 ---
Annex I - page 71 of 162 
 
HOPE US Equity 
HOPE BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
1,135,927,842 
US43940T1097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RXRX US Equity 
RECURSION PHAR-A 
Equity Securities 
1,135,922,173 
US75629V1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AREIT FP Equity 
ALTAREIT 
Equity Securities 
1,135,549,627 
FR0000039216 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2356 HK Equity 
DAHSING BANKING 
Equity Securities 
1,135,360,805 
HK2356013600 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ATRI US Equity 
ATRION CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,135,164,850 
US0499041053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FTK GR Equity 
FLATEXDEGIRO AG 
Equity Securities 
1,133,355,872 
DE000FTG1111 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IMAX US Equity 
IMAX CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,133,287,009 
CA45245E1097 
Communication Services 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
BETCO SS Equity 
BETTER COLLECTIV 
Equity Securities 
1,133,143,039 
DK0060952240 
Communication Services 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Stockholm 
EAPI FP Equity 
EUROAPI SASU 
Equity Securities 
1,133,133,024 
FR0014008VX5 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ADPT US Equity 
ADAPTIVE BIOTECH 
Equity Securities 
1,132,923,648 
US00650F1093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MOD US Equity 
MODINE MFG CO 
Equity Securities 
1,132,050,505 
US6078281002 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AFK NO Equity 
ARENDALS 
FOSSEKOMPANI ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,131,536,128 
NO0003572802 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ETNB US Equity 
89BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
1,130,906,782 
US2825591033 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STRL US Equity 
STERLING INFRAST 
Equity Securities 
1,130,283,167 
US8592411016 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STC US Equity 
STEWART INFO SVC 
Equity Securities 
1,128,773,055 
US8603721015 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MATW US Equity 
MATTHEWS INTL-A 
Equity Securities 
1,128,571,056 
US5771281012 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NP3 SS Equity 
NP3 FASTIGHE AB 
Equity Securities 
1,128,259,289 
SE0006342333 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CAMT US Equity 
CAMTEK LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,127,644,597 
IL0010952641 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
LDA SM Equity 
LINEA DIRECTA AS 
Equity Securities 
1,127,304,843 
ES0105546008 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ARJOB SS Equity 
ARJO AB - B 
Equity Securities 
1,127,064,686 
SE0010468116 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2325 HK Equity 
YUNKANG GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
1,126,970,711 
KYG9889T1067 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FAG SS Equity 
FAGERHULT AB 
Equity Securities 
1,126,582,313 
SE0010048884 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NBR US Equity 
NABORS INDS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,125,404,260 
BMG6359F1370 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
MODV US Equity 
MODIVCARE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,124,288,156 
US60783X1046 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRS US Equity 
TRIMAS CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,122,379,824 
US8962152091 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VETO FP Equity 
VETOQUINOL SA 
Equity Securities 
1,122,210,551 
FR0004186856 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BWLPG NO Equity 
BW LPG LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,121,957,760 
BMG173841013 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
PSG SM Equity 
PROSEGUR 
Equity Securities 
1,121,809,136 
ES0175438003 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ENO SM Equity 
ELECNOR 
Equity Securities 
1,119,181,008 
ES0129743318 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
1381 HK Equity 
CANVEST ENV 
Equity Securities 
1,118,784,757 
KYG183221004 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
COMM US Equity 
COMMSCOPE HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,117,952,043 
US20337X1090 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LAMDA GA Equity 
LAMDA DEVELOPMEN 
Equity Securities 
1,117,351,563 
GRS245213004 
Real Estate 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
CRBP2 FP Equity 
CRCAM BRIE PIC2C 
Equity Securities 
1,114,310,290 
FR0010483768 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FAE SM Equity 
FAES FARMA 
Equity Securities 
1,114,233,958 
ES0134950F36 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
MBIN US Equity 
MERCHANTS BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
1,113,698,000 
US58844R1086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KIDS US Equity 
ORTHOPEDIATRICS 
Equity Securities 
1,112,882,786 
US68752L1008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COREB SS Equity 
COREM PROPERTY-B 
Equity Securities 
1,112,851,091 
SE0010714287 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CORED SS Equity 
COREM PROPERT-D 
Equity Securities 
1,112,743,200 
SE0015961594 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
COREA SS Equity 
COREM PROPERT-A 
Equity Securities 
1,112,721,604 
SE0010714279 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ENFN US Equity 
ENFUSION INC - A 
Equity Securities 
1,112,377,396 
US2928121043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NWO GR Equity 
NEW WORK SE 
Equity Securities 
1,112,340,249 
DE000NWRK013 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1070 HK Equity 
TCL ELECTRONICS 
Equity Securities 
1,111,381,885 
KYG8701T1388 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PROT NO Equity 
PROTECTOR FORSIKRING 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,108,839,680 
NO0010209331 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BRCC US Equity 
BRC INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,107,967,770 
US05601U1051 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KCO GR Equity 
KLOECKNER & CO S 
Equity Securities 
1,107,718,721 
DE000KC01000 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KROS US Equity 
KEROS THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
1,106,893,441 
US4923271013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OMI US Equity 
OWENS & MINOR 
Equity Securities 
1,106,047,574 
US6907321029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 182 ---
Annex I - page 72 of 162 
 
553 HK Equity 
NANJING PANDA-H 
Equity Securities 
1,105,033,019 
CNE1000003T4 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
OSW US Equity 
ONESPAWORLD HOLD 
Equity Securities 
1,104,435,712 
BSP736841136 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bahamas 
Bahamas 
NASDAQ 
DCPH US Equity 
DECIPHERA PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
1,104,273,509 
US24344T1016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SRCE US Equity 
1ST SOURCE CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,104,053,480 
US3369011032 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DNO NO Equity 
DNO ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,101,994,112 
NO0003921009 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
FYB GR Equity 
FORMYCON AG 
Equity Securities 
1,101,485,519 
DE000A1EWVY8 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
RYTM US Equity 
RHYTHM PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
1,100,902,994 
US76243J1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATEN US Equity 
A10 NETWORKS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,099,590,680 
US0021211018 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRUEB SS Equity 
TRUECALLER AB-B 
Equity Securities 
1,099,529,745 
SE0016787071 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HCSG US Equity 
HEALTHCARE SERVS 
Equity Securities 
1,099,490,821 
US4219061086 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YOU GR Equity 
ABOUT YOU HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,098,085,406 
DE000A3CNK42 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
6686 HK Equity 
NOAH HOLDINGS LT 
Equity Securities 
1,097,979,059 
KYG6542K1004 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BGS US Equity 
B&G FOODS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,097,955,966 
US05508R1068 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARHS US Equity 
ARHAUS INC 
Equity Securities 
1,097,903,486 
US04035M1027 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KAHOT NO Equity 
KAHOOT! ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,097,816,064 
NO0010823131 
Communication Services 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
TL5 SM Equity 
MEDIASET ESPANA 
Equity Securities 
1,097,711,806 
ES0152503035 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
RIN FP Equity 
VILMORIN & CIE 
Equity Securities 
1,097,453,636 
FR0000052516 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SAFT US Equity 
SAFETY INSURANCE 
Equity Securities 
1,096,788,283 
US78648T1007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2299 HK Equity 
BILLION IND HLDG 
Equity Securities 
1,095,948,154 
KYG110431098 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1361 HK Equity 
361 DEGREES 
Equity Securities 
1,095,711,356 
KYG884931042 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SMMT US Equity 
SUMMIT THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
1,095,366,023 
US86627T1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PAY US Equity 
PAYMENTUS HOLD-A 
Equity Securities 
1,093,616,520 
US70439P1084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NAMS US Equity 
NEWAMSTERDAM PHA 
Equity Securities 
1,092,901,052 
NL00150012L7 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
OFLX US Equity 
OMEGA FLEX INC 
Equity Securities 
1,092,710,357 
US6820951043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLV FP Equity 
BELIEVE SA 
Equity Securities 
1,092,703,980 
FR0014003FE9 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ASIX US Equity 
ADVANSIX INC 
Equity Securities 
1,092,414,314 
US00773T1016 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OPEN US Equity 
OPENDOOR TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
1,092,352,389 
US6837121036 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NRC US Equity 
NATL RESEARCH CO 
Equity Securities 
1,091,985,788 
US6373722023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
95 HK Equity 
LVGEM CHINA REAL 
Equity Securities 
1,090,987,520 
KYG5727E1035 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NVTS US Equity 
NAVITAS SEMICOND 
Equity Securities 
1,090,846,879 
US63942X1063 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADRS CZ Equity 
ADRIS GRUPA DD 
Equity Securities 
1,090,567,698 
HRADRSRA0007 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
RRL AU Equity 
REGIS RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
1,089,887,487 
AU000000RRL8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GRND US Equity 
GRINDR INC 
Equity Securities 
1,089,381,351 
US39854F1012 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CLBT US Equity 
CELLEBRITE DI LT 
Equity Securities 
1,088,586,793 
IL0011794802 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
PNE3 GR Equity 
PNE AG 
Equity Securities 
1,088,290,679 
DE000A0JBPG2 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
WABC US Equity 
WESTAMERICA BANC 
Equity Securities 
1,087,814,244 
US9570901036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTGA SS Equity 
MODERN TIMES-A 
Equity Securities 
1,085,816,332 
SE0018012486 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CRNC US Equity 
CERENCE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,084,505,739 
US1567271093 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALTR PL Equity 
ALTRI SGPS SA 
Equity Securities 
1,084,054,734 
PTALT0AE0002 
Materials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
ZNTL US Equity 
ZENTALIS PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
1,083,792,710 
US98943L1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTGB SS Equity 
MODERN TIMES-B 
Equity Securities 
1,083,174,518 
SE0018012494 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NRDS US Equity 
NERDWALLET INC-A 
Equity Securities 
1,083,057,995 
US64082B1026 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PETG SV Equity 
PETROL DD LJUBLJ 
Equity Securities 
1,082,813,568 
SI0031102153 
Consumer Discretionary 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
VRDN US Equity 
VIRIDIAN THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
1,081,028,365 
US92790C1045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
119 HK Equity 
POLY PROPERTY 
Equity Securities 
1,080,654,119 
HK0119000674 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BGL AU Equity 
BELLEVUE GOLD LT 
Equity Securities 
1,080,305,006 
AU0000019374 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GES US Equity 
GUESS? INC 
Equity Securities 
1,079,847,980 
US4016171054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVTA US Equity 
AVANTAX INC 
Equity Securities 
1,077,988,331 
US0952291005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLL US Equity 
PIEDMONT LITHIUM 
Equity Securities 
1,077,552,389 
US72016P1057 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 183 ---
Annex I - page 73 of 162 
 
HNI US Equity 
HNI CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,077,328,193 
US4042511000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APPS SM Equity 
APPLUS SERVICES 
Equity Securities 
1,076,328,432 
ES0105022000 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
179 HK Equity 
JOHNSON ELEC H 
Equity Securities 
1,075,397,895 
BMG5150J1577 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
NVGS US Equity 
NAVIGATOR HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,075,262,636 
MHY621321089 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
RATOA SS Equity 
RATOS AB-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
1,075,048,928 
SE0000191090 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2172 HK Equity 
MICROPORT NEUROT 
Equity Securities 
1,074,790,335 
KYG6083E1098 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PNI AU Equity 
PINNACLE INVESTM 
Equity Securities 
1,073,760,851 
AU000000PNI7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SBO AV Equity 
SCHOELLER-BLECKM 
Equity Securities 
1,073,111,960 
AT0000946652 
Energy 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
SII FP Equity 
SII 
Equity Securities 
1,073,111,960 
FR0000074122 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RATOB SS Equity 
RATOS AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
1,072,690,027 
SE0000111940 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
3383 HK Equity 
AGILE GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
1,071,744,261 
KYG011981035 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CE2 GR Equity 
CROPENERGIES AG 
Equity Securities 
1,070,594,105 
DE000A0LAUP1 
Energy 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KRO US Equity 
KRONOS WORLDWIDE 
Equity Securities 
1,070,062,592 
US50105F1057 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TTALO FH Equity 
TERVEYSTALO OYJ 
Equity Securities 
1,069,923,220 
FI4000252127 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
SPI AV Equity 
S IMMO AG 
Equity Securities 
1,068,315,311 
AT0000652250 
Real Estate 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
DHG ID Equity 
DALATA HOTEL GRO 
Equity Securities 
1,067,374,397 
IE00BJMZDW83 
Consumer Discretionary 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
CXW US Equity 
CORECIVIC INC 
Equity Securities 
1,066,461,477 
US21871N1019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TTK GR Equity 
TAKKT AG 
Equity Securities 
1,066,207,861 
DE0007446007 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DIN US Equity 
DINE BRANDS GLOB 
Equity Securities 
1,066,191,078 
US2544231069 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UEC US Equity 
URANIUM ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
1,066,111,860 
US9168961038 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ANGI US Equity 
ANGI INC 
Equity Securities 
1,065,091,987 
US00183L1026 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MNKD US Equity 
MANNKIND CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,064,922,922 
US56400P7069 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9858 HK Equity 
CHINA YOURAN DAI 
Equity Securities 
1,063,693,683 
KYG2163J1004 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MED US Equity 
MEDIFAST INC 
Equity Securities 
1,063,662,300 
US58470H1014 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WNC US Equity 
WABASH NATIONAL 
Equity Securities 
1,061,449,000 
US9295661071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RNA US Equity 
AVIDITY BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
1,060,703,436 
US05370A1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FIGS US Equity 
FIGS INC-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
1,059,539,309 
US30260D1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NAN AU Equity 
NANOSONICS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,059,509,347 
AU000000NAN9 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BUSE US Equity 
FIRST BUSEY CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,058,767,134 
US3193832041 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EGLA IM Equity 
EUROGROUP 
LAMINATIONS SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,058,077,888 
IT0005527616 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NXU GR Equity 
NEXUS AG 
Equity Securities 
1,055,428,748 
DE0005220909 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HYQ GR Equity 
HYPOPORT SE 
Equity Securities 
1,054,809,788 
DE0005493365 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ARKO US Equity 
ARKO CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,053,874,456 
US0412421085 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STER US Equity 
STERLING CHECK C 
Equity Securities 
1,053,495,842 
US85917T1097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SNCY US Equity 
SUN COUNTRY HOLD 
Equity Securities 
1,053,430,932 
US8666831057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KLS AU Equity 
KELSIAN GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
1,053,158,812 
AU0000186678 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CLB US Equity 
CORE LABS NV 
Equity Securities 
1,052,063,649 
NL0000200384 
Energy 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
2391 HK Equity 
TUYA INC 
Equity Securities 
1,050,377,920 
KYG913841006 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GFT GR Equity 
GFT TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
1,050,138,261 
DE0005800601 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KALU US Equity 
KAISER ALUMINUM 
Equity Securities 
1,049,858,190 
US4830077040 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SASR US Equity 
SANDY SPRING BAN 
Equity Securities 
1,048,350,372 
US8003631038 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GNC AU Equity 
GRAINCORP LTD-A 
Equity Securities 
1,048,110,157 
AU000000GNC9 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2232 HK Equity 
CRYSTAL INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
1,046,653,792 
KYG2701R1011 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JELD US Equity 
JELD-WEN HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
1,045,947,603 
US47580P1030 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
YVIV SM Equity 
VIVENIO RESIDENC 
Equity Securities 
1,042,251,672 
ES0105384004 
N/A 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
DIOS SS Equity 
DIOS FASTIGHETER 
Equity Securities 
1,042,194,448 
SE0001634262 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ACCD US Equity 
ACCOLADE INC 
Equity Securities 
1,041,578,350 
US00437E1029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLAZB SS Equity 
PLATZ FAS H-B 
Equity Securities 
1,041,481,725 
SE0004977692 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 184 ---
Annex I - page 74 of 162 
 
SBT FP Equity 
OENEO 
Equity Securities 
1,040,691,551 
FR0000052680 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GRNG SS Equity 
GRANGES AB 
Equity Securities 
1,040,524,291 
SE0006288015 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FCT IM Equity 
FINCANTIERI SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,040,305,920 
IT0001415246 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
71 HK Equity 
MIRAMAR HOT &INV 
Equity Securities 
1,038,666,499 
HK0071000456 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1117 HK Equity 
CHINA MODERN DAI 
Equity Securities 
1,038,628,791 
KYG215791008 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ADN1 GR Equity 
ADESSO SE 
Equity Securities 
1,038,235,206 
DE000A0Z23Q5 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
9666 HK Equity 
JINKE SMART SE-H 
Equity Securities 
1,037,930,161 
CNE1000048F8 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ARGO US Equity 
ARGO GROUP INTER 
Equity Securities 
1,036,789,632 
BMG0464B1072 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
MNTK US Equity 
MONTAUK RENEWABL 
Equity Securities 
1,032,927,760 
US61218C1036 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IVSO SS Equity 
INVISIO AB 
Equity Securities 
1,032,465,925 
SE0001200015 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
6639 HK Equity 
ARRAIL GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,031,320,167 
KYG0567M1096 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LOB US Equity 
LIVE OAK BANCSHA 
Equity Securities 
1,030,692,954 
US53803X1054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HHFA GR Equity 
HAMBURGER HAFEN 
Equity Securities 
1,030,488,975 
DE000A0S8488 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BHLB US Equity 
BERKSHIRE HILLS 
Equity Securities 
1,029,913,991 
US0846801076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NRO FP Equity 
NEURONES 
Equity Securities 
1,028,355,951 
FR0004050250 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BUFAB SS Equity 
BUFAB AB 
Equity Securities 
1,027,459,059 
SE0005677135 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ELN IM Equity 
EL.EN. SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,025,636,928 
IT0005453250 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CAF SM Equity 
CAF 
Equity Securities 
1,025,213,784 
ES0121975009 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
FNAC FP Equity 
FNAC DARTY SA 
Equity Securities 
1,023,459,628 
FR0011476928 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
506 HK Equity 
CHINA FOODS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,022,692,185 
BMG2154F1095 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BKL AU Equity 
BLACKMORES LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,022,009,588 
AU000000BKL7 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TTGT US Equity 
TECHTARGET 
Equity Securities 
1,021,220,983 
US87874R1005 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RGR US Equity 
STURM RUGER & CO 
Equity Securities 
1,020,426,834 
US8641591081 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OBEL BB Equity 
ORANGE BELGIUM 
Equity Securities 
1,020,275,312 
BE0003735496 
Communication Services 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
OCFC US Equity 
OCEANFIRST FINL 
Equity Securities 
1,019,402,527 
US6752341080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SKISB SS Equity 
SKISTAR AB 
Equity Securities 
1,019,311,038 
SE0012141687 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2362 HK Equity 
JINCHUAN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
1,019,291,042 
KYG5138B1023 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PTGX US Equity 
PROTAGONIST THER 
Equity Securities 
1,018,317,582 
US74366E1029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GEO US Equity 
GEO GROUP INC/TH 
Equity Securities 
1,017,720,748 
US36162J1060 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MGI US Equity 
MONEYGRAM INTERN 
Equity Securities 
1,017,476,329 
US60935Y2081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
8137 HK Equity 
HONBRIDGE HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
1,016,850,209 
KYG4587J1123 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EUZ GR Equity 
ECKERT & ZIEGLER 
Equity Securities 
1,016,806,556 
DE0005659700 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
2158 HK Equity 
YIDU TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
1,016,601,815 
KYG9845C1069 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3877 HK Equity 
CSSC HONG KONG S 
Equity Securities 
1,016,176,810 
HK0000504214 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CMCO US Equity 
COLUMBUS MCKI/NY 
Equity Securities 
1,015,327,838 
US1993331057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCATC NO Equity 
SCATEC ASA 
Equity Securities 
1,014,937,664 
NO0010715139 
Utilities 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
SBSI US Equity 
SOUTHSIDE BAN IN 
Equity Securities 
1,014,657,368 
US84470P1093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DDR AU Equity 
DICKER DATA LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,014,536,400 
AU000000DDR5 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2171 HK Equity 
CARSGEN THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
1,014,272,561 
KYG1996C1006 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UFPT US Equity 
UFP TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
1,014,047,604 
US9026731029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1271 HK Equity 
GRAND MING 
Equity Securities 
1,012,872,695 
KYG406451065 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VECO US Equity 
VEECO INSTRUMENT 
Equity Securities 
1,012,564,008 
US9224171002 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
272 HK Equity 
SHUI ON LAND 
Equity Securities 
1,012,368,680 
KYG811511131 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1196 HK Equity 
REALORD GROUP HO 
Equity Securities 
1,011,262,777 
BMG7403L1046 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ARDX US Equity 
ARDELYX INC 
Equity Securities 
1,010,116,256 
US0396971071 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HANGJI CY Equity 
HANGJI GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
1,010,088,765 
VGG429001032 
Industrials 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Nicosia 
RECT BB Equity 
RECTICEL 
Equity Securities 
1,010,055,454 
BE0003656676 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
RDWR US Equity 
RADWARE LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,008,734,121 
IL0010834765 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
884 HK Equity 
CIFI HOLDINGS GR 
Equity Securities 
1,008,158,040 
KYG2140A1076 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 185 ---
Annex I - page 75 of 162 
 
MRUS US Equity 
MERUS NV 
Equity Securities 
1,007,400,862 
NL0011606264 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
KSB GR Equity 
KSB SE & CO KGAA 
Equity Securities 
1,007,261,533 
DE0006292006 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SHEN US Equity 
SHENANDOAH TELEC 
Equity Securities 
1,006,944,209 
US82312B1061 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2696 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI HENLI-H 
Equity Securities 
1,006,689,945 
CNE100003N76 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
COM IM Equity 
COMER INDUSTRIES SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,006,623,872 
IT0005246191 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SVEG NO Equity 
SPAREBANKEN VEST 
Equity Securities 
1,006,512,384 
NO0006000900 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ME US Equity 
23ANDME HOLDIN-A 
Equity Securities 
1,005,948,126 
US90138Q1085 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GIC US Equity 
GLOBAL INDUSTRIA 
Equity Securities 
1,005,352,973 
US37892E1029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SSYS US Equity 
STRATASYS LTD 
Equity Securities 
1,004,948,280 
IL0011267213 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
JUVE IM Equity 
JUVENTUS FOOTBALL 
CLUB SPA 
Equity Securities 
1,003,051,200 
IT0000336518 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
YEXT US Equity 
YEXT INC 
Equity Securities 
1,002,479,743 
US98585N1063 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GERN US Equity 
GERON CORP 
Equity Securities 
1,002,201,737 
US3741631036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XTB PW Equity 
X-TRADE BROKERS 
Equity Securities 
1,001,495,626 
PLXTRDM00011 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
AGRO US Equity 
ADECOAGRO SA 
Equity Securities 
1,000,210,360 
LU0584671464 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
PCT US Equity 
PURECYCLE TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
998,393,850 
US74623V1035 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
460 HK Equity 
SIHUAN PHARM 
Equity Securities 
998,382,089 
BMG8162K1137 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
GVOLT PL Equity 
GREENVOLT-ENERGI 
Equity Securities 
997,666,670 
PTGNV0AM0001 
Utilities 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
SF SS Equity 
STILLFRONT GROUP 
Equity Securities 
997,165,293 
SE0015346135 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HOLI US Equity 
HOLLYSYS AUTOMAT 
Equity Securities 
996,514,857 
VGG456671053 
Information Technology 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
CLNE US Equity 
CLEAN ENERGY FUE 
Equity Securities 
996,397,777 
US1844991018 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WAVE FP Equity 
WAVESTONE 
Equity Securities 
994,830,687 
FR0013357621 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
3709 HK Equity 
EEKA FASHION HOL 
Equity Securities 
993,754,875 
KYG539641053 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LICY US Equity 
LI-CYCLE HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
993,713,269 
CA50202P1053 
Industrials 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
SANA US Equity 
SANA BIOTECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
993,164,535 
US7995661045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMSF US Equity 
AMERISAFE INC 
Equity Securities 
992,082,663 
US03071H1005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AZZ US Equity 
AZZ INC 
Equity Securities 
990,802,135 
US0024741045 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WALD US Equity 
WALDENCAST ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
989,595,967 
JE00BPG99318 
Consumer Staples 
Jersey 
Jersey 
NASDAQ 
777 HK Equity 
NETDRAGON WEBSOF 
Equity Securities 
989,277,665 
KYG6427W1042 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9638 HK Equity 
FERRETTI SPA 
Equity Securities 
987,433,344 
IT0005383291 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
Hong Kong 
ZVTG SV Equity 
ZAVAROVALNICA TR 
Equity Securities 
987,393,125 
SI0021111651 
Financials 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
VBTX US Equity 
VERITEX HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
986,742,890 
US9234511080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENC SM Equity 
ENCE ENERGIA Y C 
Equity Securities 
985,174,899 
ES0130625512 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
TNXT IM Equity 
TINEXTA SPA 
Equity Securities 
983,848,320 
IT0005037210 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
VTLE US Equity 
VITAL ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
983,228,558 
US5168062058 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DRQ US Equity 
DRIL-QUIP INC 
Equity Securities 
981,757,423 
US2620371045 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BUR FP Equity 
BURELLE SA 
Equity Securities 
981,713,260 
FR0000061137 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PRA US Equity 
PROASSURANCE COR 
Equity Securities 
978,577,695 
US74267C1062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NCCA SS Equity 
NCC AB-A 
Equity Securities 
978,378,111 
SE0000118952 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NCCB SS Equity 
NCC AB-B 
Equity Securities 
978,368,617 
SE0000117970 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MARR IM Equity 
MARR SPA 
Equity Securities 
977,816,832 
IT0003428445 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PLAB US Equity 
PHOTRONICS INC 
Equity Securities 
977,727,553 
US7194051022 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NBG6 GR Equity 
NUERNB BETEI B 
Equity Securities 
975,300,444 
DE0008435967 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MBC US Equity 
MASTERBRAND 
Equity Securities 
975,251,290 
US57638P1049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RDFN US Equity 
REDFIN CORP 
Equity Securities 
974,446,986 
US75737F1084 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2558 HK Equity 
JINSHANG BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
974,360,403 
CNE100003LP4 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1310 HK Equity 
HKBN LTD 
Equity Securities 
974,104,698 
KYG451581055 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SAVA US Equity 
CASSAVA SCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
973,596,824 
US14817C1071 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CCF US Equity 
CHASE CORP 
Equity Securities 
972,003,286 
US16150R1041 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 186 ---
Annex I - page 76 of 162 
 
3308 HK Equity 
GOLDEN EAGLE RET 
Equity Securities 
970,756,465 
KYG3958R1092 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PAT GR Equity 
PATRIZIA SE 
Equity Securities 
970,726,645 
DE000PAT1AG3 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BSIG US Equity 
BRIGHTSPHERE INV 
Equity Securities 
970,390,477 
US10948W1036 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MUB GR Equity 
MUEHLBAUER HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
969,706,264 
DE0006627201 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CNDF FP Equity 
CA NORD DE FRANC 
Equity Securities 
969,557,335 
FR0000185514 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
9959 HK Equity 
LINKLOGI-CLASS B 
Equity Securities 
969,311,300 
KYG5571R1011 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
INNV US Equity 
INNOVAGE HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
968,157,047 
US45784A1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
775 HK Equity 
CK LIFE SCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
967,241,292 
KYG2176J1058 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EGBN US Equity 
EAGLE BANCRP INC 
Equity Securities 
966,539,643 
US2689481065 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CENER BB Equity 
CENERGY HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
965,967,433 
BE0974303357 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1983 HK Equity 
LUZHOU BANK CO-H 
Equity Securities 
965,939,499 
CNE100003FB6 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GRE SM Equity 
GRENERGY RENOVAB 
Equity Securities 
965,393,373 
ES0105079000 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
RHK GR Equity 
RHOEN-KLINIKUM 
Equity Securities 
964,490,553 
DE0007042301 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
WKME US Equity 
WALKME LTD 
Equity Securities 
963,654,193 
IL0011765851 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
PSFE US Equity 
PAYSAFE LTD 
Equity Securities 
963,116,878 
BMG6964L2062 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
EAT PW Equity 
AMREST HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
962,614,604 
ES0105375002 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Warsaw 
OBNK US Equity 
ORIGIN BANCORP I 
Equity Securities 
962,134,779 
US68621T1025 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9996 HK Equity 
PEIJIA MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
961,676,721 
KYG6981F1090 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CYRX US Equity 
CRYOPORT 
Equity Securities 
960,915,287 
US2290503075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GENI US Equity 
GENIUS SPORTS LT 
Equity Securities 
959,704,943 
GG00BMF1JR16 
Consumer Discretionary 
Guernsey 
Guernsey 
New York 
1052 HK Equity 
YUEXIU TRANSPORT 
Equity Securities 
959,149,868 
BMG9880L1028 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1250 HK Equity 
SHANDONG HI-SPEE 
Equity Securities 
958,759,730 
KYG1146W1050 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WT US Equity 
WISDOMTREE INC 
Equity Securities 
958,535,693 
US97717P1049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IMXI US Equity 
INTERNATIONAL MO 
Equity Securities 
957,379,677 
US46005L1017 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LBAI US Equity 
LAKELAND BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
957,179,951 
US5116371007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENA PW Equity 
ENEA 
Equity Securities 
956,410,050 
PLENEA000013 
Utilities 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SCRM US Equity 
SCREAMING EAG-A 
Equity Securities 
956,250,000 
KYG794071053 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
MEG US Equity 
MONTROSE ENVIRON 
Equity Securities 
956,189,536 
US6151111019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADL GR Equity 
ADLER REAL EST 
Equity Securities 
955,212,435 
DE0005008007 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1905 HK Equity 
HAITONG UNITRU-H 
Equity Securities 
954,677,540 
CNE100003K61 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MTU FP Equity 
MANITOU BF 
Equity Securities 
952,996,557 
FR0000038606 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FRG US Equity 
FRANCHISE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
952,877,570 
US35180X1054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KARE GA Equity 
KARELIA TOBACCO 
Equity Securities 
952,870,645 
GRS120003009 
Consumer Staples 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
CHEMM DC Equity 
CHEMOMETEC A/S 
Equity Securities 
951,780,311 
DK0060055861 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
187 HK Equity 
JINGCHENG MAC-H 
Equity Securities 
951,247,048 
CNE100000270 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TFF FP Equity 
TFF GROUP 
Equity Securities 
951,102,649 
FR0013295789 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BYND US Equity 
BEYOND MEAT INC 
Equity Securities 
950,698,717 
US08862E1091 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MFG AU Equity 
MAGELLAN FIN GRP 
Equity Securities 
949,072,581 
AU000000MFG4 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MIRM US Equity 
MIRUM PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
948,394,690 
US6047491013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAVE FP Equity 
SAVENCIA SA 
Equity Securities 
947,439,428 
FR0000120107 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
934 HK Equity 
SINOPEC KANTONS 
Equity Securities 
946,969,849 
BMG8165U1009 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AX1 AU Equity 
ACCENT GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
945,850,132 
AU000000AX19 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SLCA US Equity 
US SILICA HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
945,422,671 
US90346E1038 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6600 HK Equity 
SCICLONE PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
944,672,394 
KYG4271B1023 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MUM GR Equity 
MENSCH UND MASCH 
Equity Securities 
944,672,180 
DE0006580806 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
WTTR US Equity 
SELECT ENERGY -A 
Equity Securities 
944,591,915 
US81617J3014 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRO SM Equity 
PROEDUCA ALTUS S 
Equity Securities 
943,811,175 
ES0105400008 
N/A 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
2407 HK Equity 
GAUSH MEDITECH L 
Equity Securities 
943,440,959 
KYG3902N1051 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GTC PW Equity 
GTC 
Equity Securities 
942,679,530 
PLGTC0000037 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw

--- Page 187 ---
Annex I - page 77 of 162 
 
DBG FP Equity 
DERICHEBOURG 
Equity Securities 
942,009,238 
FR0000053381 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CZG CP Equity 
COLT CZ GROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
940,201,090 
CZ0009008942 
Industrials 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
THEP FP Equity 
THERMADOR GROUPE 
Equity Securities 
939,807,345 
FR0013333432 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GBX US Equity 
GREENBRIER COS 
Equity Securities 
938,534,348 
US3936571013 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WEST US Equity 
WESTROCK COFFEE 
Equity Securities 
938,154,302 
US96145W1036 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
APOG US Equity 
APOGEE ENTERPR 
Equity Securities 
937,426,158 
US0375981091 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2192 HK Equity 
MEDLIVE TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
935,762,715 
KYG5961B1041 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
116 HK Equity 
CHOW SANG SANG 
Equity Securities 
935,474,946 
BMG2113M1203 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
UMG AU Equity 
UNITED MALT GRP 
Equity Securities 
934,040,263 
AU0000079691 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SPCE US Equity 
VIRGIN GALACTIC 
Equity Securities 
933,266,752 
US92766K1060 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2179 HK Equity 
JIANGSU RECBIO-H 
Equity Securities 
932,714,977 
CNE1000057K9 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
REPX US Equity 
RILEY EXPLORATIO 
Equity Securities 
932,149,108 
US76665T1025 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UTL US Equity 
UNITIL CORP 
Equity Securities 
931,337,633 
US9132591077 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VERV US Equity 
VERVE THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
930,590,638 
US92539P1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ASTE US Equity 
ASTEC INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
929,728,478 
US0462241011 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GDYN US Equity 
GRID DYNAMICS HO 
Equity Securities 
928,676,612 
US39813G1094 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RSKD US Equity 
RISKIFIED LTD-A 
Equity Securities 
927,406,131 
IL0011786493 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
NOR NO Equity 
NORWEGIAN ENERGY CO 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
925,980,416 
NO0010379266 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
JDO AU Equity 
JUDO CAPITAL HOL 
Equity Securities 
924,096,334 
AU0000182271 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TARO US Equity 
TARO PHARM INDUS 
Equity Securities 
923,830,230 
IL0010827181 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
WOW US Equity 
WIDEOPENWEST INC 
Equity Securities 
922,711,575 
US96758W1018 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TIMA GR Equity 
ZEAL NETWORK SE 
Equity Securities 
921,039,260 
DE000ZEAL241 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
520 HK Equity 
XIABUXIABU 
Equity Securities 
920,146,819 
KYG982971072 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DIA SM Equity 
DISTRIBUIDORA IN 
Equity Securities 
919,339,954 
ES0126775032 
Consumer Staples 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
302 HK Equity 
CMGE TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
918,737,927 
KYG2347J1094 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
QURE US Equity 
UNIQURE NV 
Equity Securities 
918,507,582 
NL0010696654 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
9636 HK Equity 
JF WEALTH HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
917,935,927 
KYG5139W1050 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1475 HK Equity 
NISSIN FOODS CO 
Equity Securities 
917,396,581 
HK0000376142 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
GABC US Equity 
GERMAN AMER BNCP 
Equity Securities 
916,648,687 
US3738651047 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2877 HK Equity 
CHINA SHINEWAY 
Equity Securities 
916,571,110 
KYG2110P1000 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RLIA SM Equity 
REALIA BUSINESS 
Equity Securities 
915,410,333 
ES0173908015 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
PRDO US Equity 
PERDOCEO EDUCATI 
Equity Securities 
914,255,763 
US71363P1066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
REPL US Equity 
REPLIMUNE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
913,844,731 
US76029N1063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IMGN US Equity 
IMMUNOGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
913,226,276 
US45253H1014 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3738 HK Equity 
VOBILE GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
913,043,471 
KYG9390R1103 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6855 HK Equity 
ASCENTAGE PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
912,844,036 
KYG0519B1023 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PAR US Equity 
PAR TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
911,514,297 
US6988841036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRKL US Equity 
BROOKLINE BANCRP 
Equity Securities 
910,590,936 
US11373M1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FLGT US Equity 
FULGENT GENETICS 
Equity Securities 
910,064,943 
US3596641098 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HWKN US Equity 
HAWKINS INC 
Equity Securities 
909,458,366 
US4202611095 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TKTT FP Equity 
TARKETT 
Equity Securities 
908,113,894 
FR0004188670 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
DAWN US Equity 
DAY ONE BIOPHARM 
Equity Securities 
908,064,740 
US23954D1090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1405 HK Equity 
DPC DASH LTD 
Equity Securities 
907,742,408 
VGG2R04S1048 
N/A 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
LFS AU Equity 
LATITUDE GROUP H 
Equity Securities 
907,049,252 
AU0000143687 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GSF NO Equity 
GRIEG SEAFOOD ASA 
Equity Securities 
905,273,152 
NO0010365521 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MRN FP Equity 
MERSEN 
Equity Securities 
904,153,410 
FR0000039620 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
297 HK Equity 
SINOFERT HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
903,795,016 
BMG8403G1033 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BONHR NO Equity 
BONHEUR ASA 
Equity Securities 
903,445,504 
NO0003110603 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo

--- Page 188 ---
Annex I - page 78 of 162 
 
CFFN US Equity 
CAPITOL FEDERAL 
Equity Securities 
902,639,527 
US14057J1016 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BIOGB SS Equity 
BIOGAIA AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
902,274,325 
SE0017769995 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
327 HK Equity 
PAX GLOBAL TECHN 
Equity Securities 
901,003,638 
BMG6955J1036 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FCEL US Equity 
FUELCELL ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
900,725,158 
US35952H6018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GUDCD AU Equity 
G.U.D. HOLDIN-CD 
Equity Securities 
900,560,585 
AU0000GUDCD0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GUD AU Equity 
GUD HLDGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
900,560,585 
AU000000GUD2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
650 HK Equity 
PRODUCTIVE TECHN 
Equity Securities 
900,412,007 
BMG4709J1071 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
NIC US Equity 
NICOLET BANKSHAR 
Equity Securities 
900,180,659 
US65406E1029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KRNT US Equity 
KORNIT DIGITAL L 
Equity Securities 
899,608,878 
IL0011216723 
Industrials 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
LMND US Equity 
LEMONADE INC 
Equity Securities 
899,532,561 
US52567D1072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BASS FP Equity 
BASSAC SA 
Equity Securities 
899,421,208 
FR0004023208 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
A3M SM Equity 
ATRESMEDIA CORP 
Equity Securities 
898,541,134 
ES0109427734 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
AXL US Equity 
AMER AXLE & MFG 
Equity Securities 
897,138,655 
US0240611030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1476 HK Equity 
HENGTOU SECURI-H 
Equity Securities 
895,849,911 
CNE100002334 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FWRG US Equity 
FIRST WATCH REST 
Equity Securities 
894,604,463 
US33748L1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BHVN US Equity 
BIOHAVEN LTD 
Equity Securities 
892,901,350 
VGG1110E1079 
Health Care 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
New York 
NAS NO Equity 
NORWEGIAN AIR 
SHUTTLE AS 
Equity Securities 
891,791,424 
NO0010196140 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
6055 HK Equity 
CHINA TOBACCO IN 
Equity Securities 
891,705,857 
HK0000503208 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
BOOZT SS Equity 
BOOZT AB 
Equity Securities 
891,422,988 
SE0009888738 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ASLE US Equity 
AERSALE CORP 
Equity Securities 
890,623,929 
US00810F1066 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCS US Equity 
STEELCASE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
889,973,602 
US8581552036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EC FP Equity 
TOTALENERGIES EP 
Equity Securities 
889,605,417 
GA0000121459 
Energy 
Gabon 
Gabon 
EN Paris 
2373 HK Equity 
BEAUTY FARM MEDI 
Equity Securities 
889,374,605 
KYG0929L1041 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NONG NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 NORD- 
NORGE 
Equity Securities 
888,903,872 
NO0006000801 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
UPR ID Equity 
UNIPHAR PLC 
Equity Securities 
888,533,571 
IE00BJ5FQX74 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
GPP PW Equity 
GRUPA PRACUJ SA 
Equity Securities 
888,239,782 
PLGRPRC00015 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
GDOT US Equity 
GREEN DOT CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
888,058,664 
US39304D1028 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NEXA US Equity 
NEXA RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
887,338,694 
LU1701428291 
Materials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
New York 
3316 HK Equity 
BINJIANG SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
887,330,616 
KYG1122A1013 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TMP US Equity 
TOMPKINS FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
886,430,648 
US8901101092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NHC US Equity 
NATL HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
886,005,945 
US6359061008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IF IM Equity 
BANCA IFIS SPA 
Equity Securities 
885,971,200 
IT0003188064 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TOKMAN FH Equity 
TOKMANNI GROUP C 
Equity Securities 
885,454,285 
FI4000197934 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
UIE DC Equity 
UIE PLC 
Equity Securities 
884,631,307 
MT0002400118 
Consumer Staples 
Malta 
Malta 
Copenhagen 
GDEV US Equity 
NEXTERS INC 
Equity Securities 
884,353,955 
VGG6529J1003 
Communication Services 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
799 HK Equity 
IGG INC 
Equity Securities 
882,088,300 
KYG6771K1022 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TGHN GR Equity 
LOGWIN AG 
Equity Securities 
881,647,027 
LU1618151879 
Industrials 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
PAALB DC Equity 
PER AARSLEFF HOL 
Equity Securities 
881,464,725 
DK0060700516 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
SDG FP Equity 
SYNERGIE SA 
Equity Securities 
881,259,992 
FR0000032658 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SCHP FP Equity 
SECHE ENVIRONNEM 
Equity Securities 
881,236,753 
FR0000039109 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MLAB US Equity 
MESA LABS 
Equity Securities 
881,129,668 
US59064R1095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2138 HK Equity 
EC HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
880,238,204 
KYG3037S1021 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OM US Equity 
OUTSET MEDICAL I 
Equity Securities 
878,385,286 
US6901451079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CEN FP Equity 
GROUPE CRIT 
Equity Securities 
878,305,486 
FR0000036675 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TELL US Equity 
TELLURIAN INC 
Equity Securities 
877,992,019 
US87968A1043 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DSGR US Equity 
DISTRIBUTION SOL 
Equity Securities 
877,601,234 
US5207761058 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EQRX US Equity 
EQRX INC 
Equity Securities 
874,598,792 
US26886C1071 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 189 ---
Annex I - page 79 of 162 
 
LPG US Equity 
DORIAN LPG LTD 
Equity Securities 
873,992,588 
MHY2106R1100 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
USLM US Equity 
US LIME & MINERA 
Equity Securities 
873,748,482 
US9119221029 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SLP US Equity 
SIMULATIONS PLUS 
Equity Securities 
873,653,770 
US8292141053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LUNR US Equity 
INTUITIVE MACHIN 
Equity Securities 
873,418,922 
US46125A1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CENX US Equity 
CENTURY ALUMINUM 
Equity Securities 
872,461,592 
US1564311082 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAQ AU Equity 
MACQUARIE TELECO 
Equity Securities 
872,355,361 
AU000000MAQ4 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1717 HK Equity 
AUSNUTRIA 
Equity Securities 
871,402,846 
KYG063181021 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DOM PW Equity 
DOMDEV 
Equity Securities 
869,943,488 
PLDMDVL00012 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
826 HK Equity 
TIANGONG INTL CO 
Equity Securities 
869,214,920 
KYG888311134 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MLPLC FP Equity 
PLACOPLATRE 
Equity Securities 
868,528,387 
FR0000030769 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SDIPB SS Equity 
SDIPTECH AB 
Equity Securities 
868,180,984 
SE0003756758 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
588 HK Equity 
BEIJING NORTH-H 
Equity Securities 
868,130,810 
CNE100000262 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
LVC PW Equity 
LIVECHAT SOFTWAR 
Equity Securities 
867,792,379 
PLLVTSF00010 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CBAY US Equity 
CYMABAY THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
866,884,167 
US23257D1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCHN US Equity 
SCHNITZER STEEL 
Equity Securities 
865,929,375 
US8068821060 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KAR AU Equity 
KAROON ENERGY LT 
Equity Securities 
865,306,234 
AU000000KAR6 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
KIND US Equity 
NEXTDOOR HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
865,031,537 
US65345M1080 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TBLA US Equity 
TABOOLA.COM LTD 
Equity Securities 
864,412,791 
IL0011754137 
Communication Services 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
SNC PL Equity 
SONAECOM SGPS SA 
Equity Securities 
862,642,262 
PTSNC0AM0006 
Communication Services 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
PUMP US Equity 
PROPETRO HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
862,627,382 
US74347M1080 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
410 HK Equity 
SOHO CHINA 
Equity Securities 
861,078,668 
KYG826001003 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ELD AU Equity 
ELDERS LTD 
Equity Securities 
860,428,076 
AU000000ELD6 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VAC FP Equity 
PIERRE&VACANCES 
Equity Securities 
860,387,370 
FR0000073041 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BLFS US Equity 
BIOLIFE SOLUTION 
Equity Securities 
859,485,785 
US09062W2044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AAD GR Equity 
AMADEUS FIRE AG 
Equity Securities 
858,805,120 
DE0005093108 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CRNX US Equity 
CRINETICS PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
858,768,219 
US22663K1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RMS AU Equity 
RAMELIUS RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
855,996,781 
AU000000RMS4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ICHR US Equity 
ICHOR HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
855,936,264 
KYG4740B1059 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
HCCI US Equity 
HERITAGE-CRYSTAL 
Equity Securities 
855,290,121 
US42726M1062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPTN US Equity 
SPARTANNASH CO 
Equity Securities 
855,160,044 
US8472151005 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OSTK US Equity 
OVERSTOCK.COM 
Equity Securities 
854,279,766 
US6903701018 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KORI FP Equity 
KORIAN 
Equity Securities 
854,262,516 
FR0010386334 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EQV1V FH Equity 
EQ OYJ 
Equity Securities 
853,487,065 
FI0009009617 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
LPRO US Equity 
OPEN LENDING C-A 
Equity Securities 
853,441,728 
US68373J1043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BALY US Equity 
BALLYS CORP 
Equity Securities 
853,356,904 
US05875B1061 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1164 HK Equity 
CGN MINING 
Equity Securities 
852,061,927 
KYG2029E1052 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1788 HK Equity 
GUOTAI JUNAN 
Equity Securities 
851,959,451 
HK0000065869 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
PNL NA Equity 
POSTNL NV 
Equity Securities 
851,499,390 
NL0009739416 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
TGN RO Equity 
TRANSGAZ SA MEDI 
Equity Securities 
851,051,828 
ROTGNTACNOR8 
Energy 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
NEXT US Equity 
NEXTDECADE CORP 
Equity Securities 
850,743,010 
US65342K1051 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PHM SM Equity 
PHARMA MAR SA 
Equity Securities 
849,629,341 
ES0169501022 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ARQT US Equity 
ARCUTIS BIOTHERA 
Equity Securities 
848,441,092 
US03969K1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HY US Equity 
HYSTER-YALE 
Equity Securities 
848,151,031 
US4491721050 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SG US Equity 
SWEETGREEN INC-A 
Equity Securities 
847,750,652 
US87043Q1085 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
341 HK Equity 
CAFE DE CORAL 
Equity Securities 
847,602,901 
BMG1744V1037 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BMEA US Equity 
BIOMEA FUSION IN 
Equity Securities 
846,771,065 
US09077A1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADEA US Equity 
ADEIA INC 
Equity Securities 
846,030,112 
US00676P1075 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IESC US Equity 
IES HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
845,316,528 
US44951W1062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1696 HK Equity 
SISRAM MEDICAL L 
Equity Securities 
845,304,430 
IL0011418113 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
Hong Kong

--- Page 190 ---
Annex I - page 80 of 162 
 
BIOT SS Equity 
BIOTAGE AB 
Equity Securities 
845,280,149 
SE0000454746 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AMWD US Equity 
AMER WOODMARK CO 
Equity Securities 
845,239,339 
US0305061097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1836 HK Equity 
STELLA INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
844,571,885 
KYG846981028 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1558 HK Equity 
YICHANG HEC CH-H 
Equity Securities 
844,107,183 
CNE1000023R6 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1860 HK Equity 
MOBVISTA INC 
Equity Securities 
843,938,063 
KYG622681008 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CSII US Equity 
CARDIOVASCULAR S 
Equity Securities 
842,695,019 
US1416191062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SBS GR Equity 
STRATEC SE 
Equity Securities 
842,155,378 
DE000STRA555 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GRNT US Equity 
GRANITE RIDGE RE 
Equity Securities 
841,583,720 
US3874321074 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IBRX US Equity 
IMMUNITYBIO INC 
Equity Securities 
841,162,675 
US45256X1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
215 HK Equity 
HUTCHTEL HK 
Equity Securities 
841,050,459 
KYG4672G1064 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CCRN US Equity 
CROSS COUNTRY HE 
Equity Securities 
840,572,408 
US2274831047 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMRK US Equity 
A-MARK PRECIOUS 
Equity Securities 
840,255,264 
US00181T1079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VOS GR Equity 
VOSSLOH AG 
Equity Securities 
840,063,961 
DE0007667107 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MOND US Equity 
MONDEE HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
839,937,494 
US4657121079 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1133 HK Equity 
HARBIN ELECTRI-H 
Equity Securities 
839,141,769 
CNE1000003C0 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DEZ GR Equity 
DEUTZ AG 
Equity Securities 
839,127,956 
DE0006305006 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TPE PW Equity 
TAURONPE 
Equity Securities 
838,997,446 
PLTAURN00011 
Utilities 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
HSTM US Equity 
HEALTHSTREAM INC 
Equity Securities 
838,869,581 
US42222N1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAU FP Equity 
MAUREL ET PROM 
Equity Securities 
838,678,063 
FR0000051070 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PON1V FH Equity 
PONSSE OYJ 
Equity Securities 
837,379,169 
FI0009005078 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
2038 HK Equity 
FIH MOBILE LTD 
Equity Securities 
837,094,765 
KYG3472Y1017 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DRW8 GR Equity 
DRAEGERWERK AG 
Equity Securities 
837,018,533 
DE0005550602 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ALMA FH Equity 
ALMA MEDIA CORP 
Equity Securities 
836,962,020 
FI0009013114 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
NWLI US Equity 
NATIONAL WESTE-A 
Equity Securities 
836,284,600 
US6385171029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ROVIO FH Equity 
ROVIO ENTERTAINM 
Equity Securities 
836,019,589 
FI4000266804 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
GGR US Equity 
GOGORO INC 
Equity Securities 
835,147,700 
KYG9491K1058 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
440 HK Equity 
DAH SING 
Equity Securities 
834,569,834 
HK0440001847 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
STX AU Equity 
STRIKE ENERGY LT 
Equity Securities 
834,464,003 
AU000000STX7 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CDRE US Equity 
CADRE HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
834,376,257 
US12763L1052 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALIG SS Equity 
ALIMAK GROUP 
Equity Securities 
832,938,402 
SE0007158910 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2777 HK Equity 
GUANGZHOU R&F -H 
Equity Securities 
831,745,547 
CNE100000569 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
2858 HK Equity 
YIXIN GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
831,095,072 
KYG9T43R1023 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
COIC SS Equity 
CONCENTRIC AB 
Equity Securities 
827,731,218 
SE0003950864 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MIA MV Equity 
MALTA INTL AIR-A 
Equity Securities 
825,631,012 
MT0000250101 
Industrials 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
ALESK FP Equity 
ESKER SA 
Equity Securities 
825,297,639 
FR0000035818 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
IDT US Equity 
IDT CORP-CLASS B 
Equity Securities 
824,772,814 
US4489475073 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3377 HK Equity 
SINO-OCEAN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
824,683,308 
HK3377040226 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
797 HK Equity 
7ROAD HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
824,227,357 
KYG806101013 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RGNX US Equity 
REGENXBIO INC 
Equity Securities 
824,070,899 
US75901B1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JST GR Equity 
JOST WERKE SE 
Equity Securities 
824,042,234 
DE000JST4000 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TNIE GR Equity 
TONIES SE - A 
Equity Securities 
822,773,471 
LU2333563281 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
OVS IM Equity 
OVS SPA 
Equity Securities 
822,037,568 
IT0005043507 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
THCH US Equity 
TH INTERNATIONAL 
Equity Securities 
821,530,071 
KYG8656L1068 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1224 HK Equity 
C C LAND HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
820,988,260 
BMG1985B1138 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ATT PW Equity 
GRUPA AZOTY SA 
Equity Securities 
820,457,954 
PLZATRM00012 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1477 HK Equity 
OCUMENSION THERP 
Equity Securities 
820,353,027 
KYG674111011 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BBDC US Equity 
BARINGS BDC INC 
Equity Securities 
820,162,862 
US06759L1035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
JNAF CZ Equity 
JARDANSKI NAFTOV 
Equity Securities 
819,860,748 
HRJNAFRA0000 
Energy 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
AEHR US Equity 
AEHR TEST SYSTEM 
Equity Securities 
819,541,004 
US00760J1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 191 ---
Annex I - page 81 of 162 
 
ELLAKTOR GA Equity 
ELLAKTOR SA 
Equity Securities 
819,271,384 
GRS191213008 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
ODF NO Equity 
ODFJELL SE-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
818,936,512 
NO0003399909 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ODFB NO Equity 
ODFJELL SE-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
818,936,512 
NO0003399917 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
INVA US Equity 
INNOVIVA INC 
Equity Securities 
818,875,590 
US45781M1018 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SLRC US Equity 
SLR INVESTMENT C 
Equity Securities 
818,865,056 
US83413U1007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1760 HK Equity 
INTRON TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
818,576,244 
KYG4914A1076 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CO FP Equity 
CASINO GUICHARD 
Equity Securities 
816,620,253 
FR0000125585 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
9955 HK Equity 
CLOUDR GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
815,133,540 
KYG2216H1011 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALPER FP Equity 
LA PERLA FASHION 
Equity Securities 
814,766,127 
NL0012191662 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Paris 
2156 HK Equity 
C&D PROPERTY MAN 
Equity Securities 
814,553,186 
VGG3165E1079 
Real Estate 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
ROVR US Equity 
ROVER GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
814,200,006 
US77936F1030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PNT US Equity 
POINT BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
813,455,118 
US7305411099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CWC GR Equity 
CEWE STIFTUNG & 
Equity Securities 
813,340,896 
DE0005403901 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MND AU Equity 
MONADELPHOUS GRP 
Equity Securities 
812,428,925 
AU000000MND5 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ADTN US Equity 
ADTRAN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
812,251,670 
US00486H1059 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EB US Equity 
EVENTBRITE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
811,544,074 
US29975E1091 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GSM US Equity 
FERROGLOBE PLC 
Equity Securities 
811,067,282 
GB00BYW6GV68 
Materials 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
HOME SM Equity 
NEINOR HOMES SA 
Equity Securities 
810,876,029 
ES0105251005 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
AC US Equity 
ASSOCIATED CAP-A 
Equity Securities 
810,666,100 
US0455281065 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2218 HK Equity 
YANTAI NORTH-H 
Equity Securities 
810,588,288 
CNE1000005B7 
Consumer Staples 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
856 HK Equity 
VSTECS HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
809,567,131 
KYG9400C1116 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BHE US Equity 
BENCHMARK ELECTR 
Equity Securities 
808,379,255 
US08160H1014 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IIIV US Equity 
I3 VERTICALS-A 
Equity Securities 
807,751,610 
US46571Y1073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CADLR NO Equity 
CADELER A/S 
Equity Securities 
806,037,888 
DK0061412772 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Oslo 
RILY US Equity 
B. RILEY FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
806,035,488 
US05580M1080 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OCL AU Equity 
OBJECTIVE CORP 
Equity Securities 
804,911,518 
AU000000OCL7 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SGH US Equity 
SMART GLOBAL HOL 
Equity Securities 
803,795,118 
KYG8232Y1017 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
28 HK Equity 
TIAN AN CHINA IN 
Equity Securities 
803,090,362 
HK0028013271 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
9956 HK Equity 
ANE CAYMAN INC 
Equity Securities 
802,726,394 
KYG1904L1014 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
737 HK Equity 
SHENZHEN INVESTM 
Equity Securities 
800,857,127 
KYG8088A1168 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NOEJ GR Equity 
NORMA GROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
800,847,693 
DE000A1H8BV3 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MTTR US Equity 
MATTERPORT INC 
Equity Securities 
800,416,056 
US5770961002 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CAL US Equity 
CALERES INC 
Equity Securities 
799,272,337 
US1295001044 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRLB US Equity 
PROTO LABS INC 
Equity Securities 
797,610,888 
US7437131094 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SKWD US Equity 
SKYWARD SPECIALT 
Equity Securities 
797,598,791 
US8309401029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DCOM US Equity 
DIME COMMUNITY B 
Equity Securities 
797,572,490 
US25432X1028 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MRC US Equity 
MRC GLOBAL INC 
Equity Securities 
797,138,301 
US55345K1034 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DTC US Equity 
SOLO BRANDS IN-A 
Equity Securities 
797,058,611 
US83425V1044 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SLIGR NA Equity 
SLIGRO FOOD GROU 
Equity Securities 
797,024,382 
NL0000817179 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
BSL GR Equity 
BASLER AG 
Equity Securities 
796,660,187 
DE0005102008 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
2390 HK Equity 
ZHIHU INC 
Equity Securities 
796,368,752 
KYG989MJ1017 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EYDAP GA Equity 
EYDAP WATER 
Equity Securities 
796,330,307 
GRS359353000 
Utilities 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
AVPT US Equity 
AVEPOINT INC 
Equity Securities 
796,220,576 
US0536041041 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INBX US Equity 
INHIBRX INC 
Equity Securities 
795,606,779 
US45720L1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PNV AU Equity 
POLYNOVO LTD 
Equity Securities 
794,769,201 
AU000000PNV0 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DCGO US Equity 
DOCGO INC 
Equity Securities 
794,438,457 
US2560861096 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TWST US Equity 
TWIST BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
794,309,054 
US90184D1000 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CGC AU Equity 
COSTA GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
792,495,644 
AU000000CGC2 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
KNSA US Equity 
KINIKSA PHARMA-A 
Equity Securities 
791,697,946 
BMG5269C1010 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ

--- Page 192 ---
Annex I - page 82 of 162 
 
182 HK Equity 
CONCORD NE 
Equity Securities 
791,558,768 
BMG2345T1099 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CCP AU Equity 
CREDIT CORP GRP 
Equity Securities 
791,525,519 
AU000000CCP3 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
RMR US Equity 
RMR GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
791,029,648 
US74967R1068 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SHYF US Equity 
SHYFT GROUP INC/ 
Equity Securities 
790,973,664 
US8256981031 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SLR AU Equity 
SILVER LAKE RESO 
Equity Securities 
789,651,397 
AU000000SLR6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NVAX US Equity 
NOVAVAX INC 
Equity Securities 
789,346,924 
US6700024010 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TMST US Equity 
TIMKENSTEEL 
Equity Securities 
788,963,443 
US8873991033 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OET NO Equity 
OKEANIS ECO TANKERS 
CORP 
Equity Securities 
788,284,224 
MHY641771016 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
Oslo 
VLA FP Equity 
VALNEVA SE 
Equity Securities 
788,246,901 
FR0004056851 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ST5 GR Equity 
STEICO SE 
Equity Securities 
788,246,453 
DE000A0LR936 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
LVRO US Equity 
LAVORO LTD-A 
Equity Securities 
788,221,035 
KYG5391L1023 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BFG IM Equity 
BF SPA 
Equity Securities 
787,912,832 
IT0005187460 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
THRY US Equity 
THRYV HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
787,390,428 
US8860292064 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SES US Equity 
SES AI CORP 
Equity Securities 
787,076,960 
US78397Q1094 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6069 HK Equity 
SY HOLDINGS GROU 
Equity Securities 
786,347,082 
KYG8116R1074 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GTN/A US Equity 
GRAY TELEVISIO-A 
Equity Securities 
786,002,317 
US3893752051 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GTN US Equity 
GRAY TELEVISION 
Equity Securities 
786,002,317 
US3893751061 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
80737 HK Equity 
SHENZHEN INVES-R 
Equity Securities 
785,172,572 
KYG8088A1085 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LPE FP Equity 
LAURENT-PERRIER 
Equity Securities 
784,496,871 
FR0006864484 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
THQM BU Equity 
TCHAIKAPHARMA HI 
Equity Securities 
783,770,858 
BG1100008074 
Health Care 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
6626 HK Equity 
YUEXIU SERVICES 
Equity Securities 
783,322,348 
HK0000746575 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
RBCAA US Equity 
REPUBLIC BNCRP-A 
Equity Securities 
783,322,030 
US7602812049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BFG SS Equity 
BYGGFAKTA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
783,003,349 
SE0016798581 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KURA US Equity 
KURA ONCOLOGY IN 
Equity Securities 
782,937,309 
US50127T1097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMP US Equity 
STANDARD MOTOR 
Equity Securities 
782,167,985 
US8536661056 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BFT PW Equity 
BENEFIT 
Equity Securities 
782,120,247 
PLBNFTS00018 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
EOCW US Equity 
ELLIOTT OPPORTUN 
Equity Securities 
781,531,375 
KYG300921031 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
COLL US Equity 
COLLEGIUM PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
781,146,404 
US19459J1043 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACEL US Equity 
ACCEL ENTERTAINM 
Equity Securities 
780,852,984 
US00436Q1067 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HIBB US Equity 
HIBBETT INC 
Equity Securities 
780,580,239 
US4285671016 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BGA AU Equity 
BEGA CHEESE LTD 
Equity Securities 
780,319,408 
AU000000BGA8 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3339 HK Equity 
LONKING 
Equity Securities 
779,696,962 
KYG5636C1078 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BCSF US Equity 
BAIN CAPITAL SPE 
Equity Securities 
778,620,919 
US05684B1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CCSI US Equity 
CONSENSUS CLOUD 
Equity Securities 
777,671,359 
US20848V1052 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FIA1S FH Equity 
FINNAIR OYJ 
Equity Securities 
777,544,987 
FI0009003230 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AVO US Equity 
MISSION PRODUCE 
Equity Securities 
777,356,659 
US60510V1089 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INH GR Equity 
INDUS HLDG AG 
Equity Securities 
776,326,850 
DE0006200108 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DTL AU Equity 
DATA#3 LTD 
Equity Securities 
776,292,615 
AU000000DTL4 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
THR US Equity 
THERMON GROUP HO 
Equity Securities 
774,937,366 
US88362T1034 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AB9 GR Equity 
ABO WIND AG 
Equity Securities 
774,642,045 
DE0005760029 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ASTS US Equity 
AST SPACEMOBILE 
Equity Securities 
774,318,865 
US00217D1000 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HB CY Equity 
HELLENIC BANK PU 
Equity Securities 
773,864,264 
CY0105570119 
Financials 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Nicosia 
BOI FP Equity 
BOIRON SA 
Equity Securities 
773,576,133 
FR0000061129 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FLOB BB Equity 
FLORIDIENNE 
Equity Securities 
773,423,770 
BE0003215143 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1668 HK Equity 
CHINA SOUTH 
Equity Securities 
772,519,827 
HK0000056264 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
86 HK Equity 
SUN HUNG KAI CO 
Equity Securities 
771,785,462 
HK0086000525 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
EDR SM Equity 
EDREAMS ODIGEO S 
Equity Securities 
771,659,664 
LU1048328220 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CDA AU Equity 
CODAN LTD 
Equity Securities 
771,059,039 
AU000000CDA3 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 193 ---
Annex I - page 83 of 162 
 
SSP US Equity 
EW SCRIPPS-A 
Equity Securities 
770,815,599 
US8110544025 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6608 HK Equity 
BAIRONG INC 
Equity Securities 
770,548,070 
KYG0705A1085 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AMCX US Equity 
AMC NETWORKS-A 
Equity Securities 
768,999,651 
US00164V1035 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HRT US Equity 
HIRERIGHT HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
768,717,214 
US4335371070 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3380 HK Equity 
LOGAN GROUP CO L 
Equity Securities 
767,720,872 
KYG555551095 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ECONB BB Equity 
ECONOCOM GROUP 
Equity Securities 
767,199,007 
BE0974313455 
Information Technology 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
MPCC NO Equity 
MPC CONTAINER SHIPS 
AS 
Equity Securities 
767,128,768 
NO0010791353 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ASY FP Equity 
ASSYSTEM 
Equity Securities 
766,680,266 
FR0000074148 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
LC US Equity 
LENDINGCLUB CORP 
Equity Securities 
766,245,684 
US52603A2087 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1167 HK Equity 
JACOBIO PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
765,276,361 
KYG4987A1094 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PGRU US Equity 
PROPERTYGURU GRO 
Equity Securities 
765,252,779 
KYG7258M1087 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
AEGN GA Equity 
AEGEAN AIRLINES 
Equity Securities 
764,359,552 
GRS495003006 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
8446 HK Equity 
IN TECHNICAL PRO 
Equity Securities 
764,340,970 
KYG479741038 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IMD AU Equity 
IMDEX LTD 
Equity Securities 
763,565,063 
AU000000IMD5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CRAI US Equity 
CRA INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
763,106,728 
US12618T1051 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENTA US Equity 
ENANTA PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
762,981,397 
US29251M1062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BEWI NO Equity 
BEWI AS 
Equity Securities 
762,240,000 
NO0010890965 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ARCE US Equity 
ARCO PLATFORM-A 
Equity Securities 
761,695,643 
KYG045531061 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ULH US Equity 
UNIVERSAL LOGIST 
Equity Securities 
761,196,919 
US91388P1057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMPS US Equity 
ALTUS POWER INC 
Equity Securities 
760,928,350 
US02217A1025 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BKD US Equity 
BROOKDALE SR 
Equity Securities 
760,037,449 
US1124631045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1916 HK Equity 
JIANGXI BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
759,759,272 
CNE1000031B3 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
861 HK Equity 
DIGITAL CHINA 
Equity Securities 
758,995,971 
BMG2759B1072 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
EXM BB Equity 
EXMAR NV 
Equity Securities 
758,874,872 
BE0003808251 
Energy 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
VOLO SS Equity 
VOLATI AB 
Equity Securities 
758,752,175 
SE0009143662 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
GLO FP Equity 
GL EVENTS 
Equity Securities 
756,571,377 
FR0000066672 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MDN GR Equity 
MEDION AG 
Equity Securities 
756,020,379 
DE0006605009 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AMPX US Equity 
AMPRIUS TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
755,746,918 
US03214Q1085 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FOR US Equity 
FORESTAR GROUP 
Equity Securities 
755,547,385 
US3462321015 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INTR US Equity 
INTER & CO INC 
Equity Securities 
755,521,514 
KYG4R20B1074 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ATGR CZ Equity 
ATLANTIC GRUPA 
Equity Securities 
755,208,919 
HRATGRRA0003 
Consumer Staples 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
PWP US Equity 
PERELLA WEINBERG 
Equity Securities 
755,125,447 
US71367G1022 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
178 HK Equity 
SA SA INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
755,053,190 
KYG7814S1021 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1176 HK Equity 
ZHUGUANG HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
754,789,110 
BMG9908J1053 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SCSC US Equity 
SCANSOURCE INC 
Equity Securities 
754,648,780 
US8060371072 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GIII US Equity 
G III APPAREL 
Equity Securities 
754,508,160 
US36237H1014 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3309 HK Equity 
C-MER EYE CARE H 
Equity Securities 
753,491,140 
KYG2R51A1053 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PUBM US Equity 
PUBMATIC INC-A 
Equity Securities 
752,798,701 
US74467Q1031 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2160 HK Equity 
MICROPORT CARDIO 
Equity Securities 
752,228,784 
KYG6082P1054 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
373 HK Equity 
ALLIED GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
751,982,815 
HK0000650413 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
WTI US Equity 
W&T OFFSHORE INC 
Equity Securities 
751,344,427 
US92922P1066 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APGB US Equity 
APOLLO STRATEG-A 
Equity Securities 
751,099,500 
KYG0412A1022 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
TBPH US Equity 
THERAVANCE B 
Equity Securities 
749,344,530 
KYG8807B1068 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1967 HK Equity 
CONFIDENCE INTEL 
Equity Securities 
748,417,199 
KYG2R80A1009 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2686 HK Equity 
AAG ENERGY HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
748,276,831 
KYG000371040 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1387 HK Equity 
CHINA DILI GROUP 
Equity Securities 
747,977,863 
KYG2121J1013 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BY US Equity 
BYLINE BANCORP I 
Equity Securities 
747,560,830 
US1244111092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CALTX SS Equity 
CALLIDITAS THERA 
Equity Securities 
746,642,266 
SE0010441584 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 194 ---
Annex I - page 84 of 162 
 
MLTX US Equity 
MOONLAKE IMMUNOT 
Equity Securities 
745,496,025 
KY61559X1045 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NAT US Equity 
NORDIC AMERICAN 
Equity Securities 
745,403,305 
BMG657731060 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
AAC US Equity 
ARES ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
745,169,788 
KYG330321061 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
NYKD NO Equity 
NYKODE THERAPEUTICS 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
744,325,120 
NO0010714785 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CDA FP Equity 
CIE DES ALPES 
Equity Securities 
744,310,096 
FR0000053324 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MFIC US Equity 
MIDCAP FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
743,527,438 
US03761U5020 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MYE US Equity 
MYERS INDS INC 
Equity Securities 
742,961,745 
US6284641098 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LUVE IM Equity 
LU-VE SPA 
Equity Securities 
742,641,344 
IT0005107492 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
HZON US Equity 
HORIZON ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
741,562,500 
KYG460441069 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
ELVN US Equity 
ENLIVEN THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
741,033,000 
US29337E1029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACOMO NA Equity 
ACOMO NV 
Equity Securities 
740,847,164 
NL0000313286 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
STH PW Equity 
STS HOLDING SA 
Equity Securities 
739,493,721 
PLSTSHL00012 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
OMASP FH Equity 
OMA SAASTOPANKKI 
Equity Securities 
739,039,659 
FI4000306733 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
NWH AU Equity 
NRW HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
738,891,923 
AU000000NWH5 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ETG GR Equity 
ENVITEC BIOGAS 
Equity Securities 
738,863,972 
DE000A0MVLS8 
Energy 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MCRB US Equity 
SERES THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
738,807,651 
US81750R1023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FBMS US Equity 
FIRST BANCSHARES 
Equity Securities 
738,477,104 
US3189161033 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AQ SS Equity 
AQ GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
737,520,656 
SE0000772956 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FLWS US Equity 
1-800-FLOWERS-A 
Equity Securities 
737,049,473 
US68243Q1067 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CNDT US Equity 
CONDUENT INC 
Equity Securities 
736,023,145 
US2067871036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XMTR US Equity 
XOMETRY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
734,820,759 
US98423F1093 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKTIA FH Equity 
AKTIA BANK OYJ 
Equity Securities 
734,606,669 
FI4000058870 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
PHARM NA Equity 
PHARMING GRP NV 
Equity Securities 
733,201,324 
NL0010391025 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
PODR CZ Equity 
PODRAVKA PREHRAM 
Equity Securities 
732,742,265 
HRPODRRA0004 
Consumer Staples 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
ARCT US Equity 
ARCTURUS THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
732,134,666 
US03969T1097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABC AU Equity 
ADBRI LTD 
Equity Securities 
731,750,824 
AU000000ABC7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LXU US Equity 
LSB INDUS INC 
Equity Securities 
729,316,577 
US5021601043 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SCWX US Equity 
SECUREWORKS CO-A 
Equity Securities 
728,709,029 
US81374A1051 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TSE US Equity 
TRINSEO PLC 
Equity Securities 
726,860,960 
IE0000QBK8U7 
Materials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
New York 
ING AU Equity 
INGHAMS GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
726,177,950 
AU000000ING6 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GSL US Equity 
GLOBAL SHIP-CL A 
Equity Securities 
725,082,233 
MHY271836006 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
STEM US Equity 
STEM INC 
Equity Securities 
724,955,535 
US85859N1028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OSPN US Equity 
ONESPAN INC 
Equity Securities 
724,023,983 
US68287N1000 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COLL SS Equity 
COLLECTOR BANK A 
Equity Securities 
723,487,912 
SE0017831795 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LNK AU Equity 
LINK ADMINISTRAT 
Equity Securities 
723,281,578 
AU000000LNK2 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CIFR US Equity 
CIPHER MINING IN 
Equity Securities 
722,555,750 
US17253J1060 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAMS FP Equity 
SAMSE SA 
Equity Securities 
722,411,011 
FR0000060071 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SYR AU Equity 
SYRAH RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
722,376,887 
AU000000SYR9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GPRO US Equity 
GOPRO INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
721,776,044 
US38268T1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DGV IM Equity 
DIGITAL VALUE SPA 
Equity Securities 
721,751,424 
IT0005347429 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MOR GR Equity 
MORPHOSYS AG 
Equity Securities 
721,709,032 
DE0006632003 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PFBC US Equity 
PREFERRED BANK 
Equity Securities 
721,137,443 
US7403674044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALLO US Equity 
ALLOGENE THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
721,041,941 
US0197701065 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MMS AU Equity 
MCMILLAN SHAKESP 
Equity Securities 
719,610,651 
AU000000MMS5 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HCAT US Equity 
HEALTH CATALYST 
Equity Securities 
719,337,742 
US42225T1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WPL PW Equity 
WIRTUALNA POLSKA 
Equity Securities 
719,173,757 
PLWRTPL00027 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ICPT US Equity 
INTERCEPT PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
718,809,570 
US45845P1084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JRVR US Equity 
JAMES RIVER GROU 
Equity Securities 
718,803,801 
BMG5005R1079 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ

--- Page 195 ---
Annex I - page 85 of 162 
 
KRUS US Equity 
KURA SUSHI USA-A 
Equity Securities 
718,779,805 
US5012701026 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SNPO US Equity 
SNAP ONE HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
718,729,931 
US83303Y1055 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COGT US Equity 
COGENT BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
718,353,533 
US19240Q2012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NEU PW Equity 
NEUCA 
Equity Securities 
718,271,336 
PLTRFRM00018 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
BFC US Equity 
BANK FIRST CORP 
Equity Securities 
717,972,475 
US06211J1007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SXC US Equity 
SUNCOKE ENERGY I 
Equity Securities 
717,350,235 
US86722A1034 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6100 HK Equity 
TONGDAO LIEPIN G 
Equity Securities 
716,563,988 
KYG8919T1022 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SPA BB Equity 
SPADEL SA 
Equity Securities 
716,439,616 
BE0003798155 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
EIM IR Equity 
EIMSKIPAFELAG ISLANDS 
HF 
Equity Securities 
714,915,008 
IS0000019800 
Industrials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
ONE RO Equity 
ONE UNITED PROPE 
Equity Securities 
713,980,918 
ROJ8YZPDHWW8 
Real Estate 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
2233 HK Equity 
WEST CHINA CEMEN 
Equity Securities 
713,645,966 
JE00B3MW7P88 
Materials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
Hong Kong 
1230 HK Equity 
YASHILI INTL 
Equity Securities 
713,354,478 
KYG983401053 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TGI US Equity 
TRIUMPH GROUP 
Equity Securities 
713,166,622 
US8968181011 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VREX US Equity 
VAREX IMAGIN 
Equity Securities 
712,978,000 
US92214X1063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QNST US Equity 
QUINSTREET INC 
Equity Securities 
712,120,041 
US74874Q1004 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AEDAS SM Equity 
AEDAS HOMES SA 
Equity Securities 
711,229,516 
ES0105287009 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LANV US Equity 
LANVIN GROUP HOL 
Equity Securities 
711,172,910 
KYG5380J1004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
1286 HK Equity 
IMPRO PRECISION 
Equity Securities 
710,620,044 
KYG4723A1085 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ONTEX BB Equity 
ONTEX GROUP 
Equity Securities 
710,292,284 
BE0974276082 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
KOP US Equity 
KOPPERS HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
710,250,078 
US50060P1066 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRNL NA Equity 
BRUNEL INTL 
Equity Securities 
709,542,730 
NL0010776944 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
RICK US Equity 
RCI HOSPITALITY 
Equity Securities 
708,775,711 
US74934Q1085 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1277 HK Equity 
KINETIC DEVELOPM 
Equity Securities 
708,773,381 
KYG525931039 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
743 HK Equity 
ASIA CEMENT CH 
Equity Securities 
708,584,977 
KYG0539C1069 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ELEC FP Equity 
ELEC DE STRASBRG 
Equity Securities 
707,870,017 
FR0000031023 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SCVL US Equity 
SHOE CARNIVAL 
Equity Securities 
707,717,491 
US8248891090 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
315 HK Equity 
SMARTONE TELECOM 
Equity Securities 
707,582,576 
BMG8219Z1059 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BASE US Equity 
COUCHBASE INC 
Equity Securities 
707,468,890 
US22207T1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ASC IM Equity 
ASCOPIAVE SPA 
Equity Securities 
707,096,640 
IT0004093263 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1238 HK Equity 
POWERLONG REAL 
Equity Securities 
706,778,454 
KYG720051047 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ADMA US Equity 
ADMA BIOLOGICS I 
Equity Securities 
706,752,758 
US0008991046 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PEBO US Equity 
PEOPLES BANC INC 
Equity Securities 
706,669,257 
US7097891011 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2678 HK Equity 
TEXHONG INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
706,342,777 
KYG876551170 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AOSL US Equity 
ALPHA & OMEGA SE 
Equity Securities 
705,984,186 
BMG6331P1041 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
1057 HK Equity 
ZHEJIANG SHIBA-H 
Equity Securities 
705,872,352 
CNE1000004W6 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SMCP FP Equity 
SMCP SA 
Equity Securities 
704,201,250 
FR0013214145 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GNLX US Equity 
GENELUX CORP 
Equity Securities 
704,193,520 
US36870H1032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BIOX US Equity 
BIOCERES CROP SO 
Equity Securities 
703,586,279 
KYG1117K1141 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CYH US Equity 
COMMUNITY HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
703,154,896 
US2036681086 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MPLN US Equity 
MULTIPLAN CORP 
Equity Securities 
703,090,232 
US62548M1009 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HLI AU Equity 
HELIA GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
702,100,609 
AU0000251498 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ELHA GA Equity 
ELVALHALCOR SA 
Equity Securities 
701,447,364 
GRS281003004 
Materials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
DM US Equity 
DESKTOP METAL-A 
Equity Securities 
701,390,318 
US25058X1054 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VTEX US Equity 
VTEX -CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
701,162,283 
KYG9470A1022 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
XVIVO SS Equity 
XVIVO PERFUSION 
Equity Securities 
700,466,245 
SE0004840718 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
QCRH US Equity 
QCR HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
700,297,329 
US74727A1043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SIP BB Equity 
SIPEF NV 
Equity Securities 
700,244,636 
BE0003898187 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
BANC US Equity 
BANC OF CALIFORN 
Equity Securities 
700,230,731 
US05990K1060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 196 ---
Annex I - page 86 of 162 
 
CGBD US Equity 
CARLYLE SECURED 
Equity Securities 
699,802,209 
US8722801029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CCVI US Equity 
CHURCHILL CAPI-A 
Equity Securities 
698,625,000 
US17143W1018 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6616 HK Equity 
GLOBAL NEW MATER 
Equity Securities 
698,367,197 
KYG392AS1011 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ES FP Equity 
ESSO S.A.F. 
Equity Securities 
698,200,234 
FR0000120669 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EL RO Equity 
ELECTRICA SA 
Equity Securities 
697,340,937 
ROELECACNOR5 
Utilities 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
CANO US Equity 
CANO HEALTH INC 
Equity Securities 
697,195,704 
US13781Y1038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PLAG CZ Equity 
PLAVA LAGUNA 
Equity Securities 
696,770,391 
HRPLAGRA0003 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
PERF US Equity 
PERFECT CORP 
Equity Securities 
695,391,115 
KYG7006A1094 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
1119 HK Equity 
IDREAMSKY TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
695,326,279 
KYG470811079 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SIBN US Equity 
SI-BONE INC 
Equity Securities 
695,164,667 
US8257041090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WAF AU Equity 
WEST AFRICAN RES 
Equity Securities 
694,102,409 
AU000000WAF6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OTOEL GA Equity 
AUTOHELLAS SA 
Equity Securities 
693,948,780 
GRS337003008 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
AUB FP Equity 
AUBAY 
Equity Securities 
693,370,656 
FR0000063737 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
691 HK Equity 
CHINA SHANSHUI 
Equity Securities 
693,315,577 
KYG2116M1015 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
830 HK Equity 
CHINA STATE CONS 
Equity Securities 
692,475,523 
KYG8438L1014 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GNK US Equity 
GENCO SHIPPING & 
Equity Securities 
692,401,881 
MHY2685T1313 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
YTST SM Equity 
TESTA RESIDENCIA 
Equity Securities 
692,314,924 
ES0105210019 
N/A 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
GPRK US Equity 
GEOPARK LTD 
Equity Securities 
690,831,258 
BMG383271050 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
ANIP US Equity 
ANI PHARMACEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
688,786,038 
US00182C1036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BKUS AV Equity 
BKS BANK AG 
Equity Securities 
688,727,434 
AT0000624705 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
PFC US Equity 
PREMIER FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
688,632,437 
US74052F1084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CLFD US Equity 
CLEARFIELD INC 
Equity Securities 
688,231,940 
US18482P1030 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UFCS US Equity 
UNITED FIRE GROU 
Equity Securities 
687,144,066 
US9103401082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SHOT SS Equity 
SCANDIC HOTELS 
Equity Securities 
686,883,893 
SE0007640156 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PWH AU Equity 
PWR HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
686,758,730 
AU000000PWH0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TWI US Equity 
TITAN INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
686,569,818 
US88830M1027 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
35 HK Equity 
FE CONSORT INTL 
Equity Securities 
685,964,340 
KYG3307Z1090 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ENG PW Equity 
ENERGA SA 
Equity Securities 
684,959,927 
PLENERG00022 
Utilities 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SOON NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 SOROST- 
NORGE 
Equity Securities 
684,724,416 
NO0006000207 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
KARO US Equity 
KAROOOOO LTD 
Equity Securities 
684,638,465 
SGXZ19450089 
Information Technology 
Singapore 
Singapore 
NASDAQ 
PGS NO Equity 
PGS ASA 
Equity Securities 
683,904,064 
NO0010199151 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
AMBC US Equity 
AMBAC FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
683,835,391 
US0231398845 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VSL AU Equity 
VULCAN STEEL LTD 
Equity Securities 
683,764,802 
AU0000181984 
Materials 
New Zealand 
New Zealand 
ASE 
REVG US Equity 
REV GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
683,740,493 
US7495271071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KOF FP Equity 
KAUFMAN & BROAD 
Equity Securities 
683,645,433 
FR0004007813 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
OLVAS FH Equity 
OLVI OYJ-A SHS 
Equity Securities 
683,584,978 
FI0009900401 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
PLW PW Equity 
PLAYWAY SA 
Equity Securities 
683,524,472 
PLPLAYW00015 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
TATT GA Equity 
ATTICA BANK SA 
Equity Securities 
682,313,865 
GRS001003045 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
MEKO SS Equity 
MEKO AB 
Equity Securities 
681,773,512 
SE0002110064 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TIV DC Equity 
TIVOLI A/S 
Equity Securities 
681,669,570 
DK0060726743 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
NX US Equity 
QUANEX BUILDING 
Equity Securities 
681,393,965 
US7476191041 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1763 HK Equity 
CHINA ISOTOPE & 
Equity Securities 
681,321,862 
CNE1000031F4 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ACC NO Equity 
AKER CARBON CAPTURE 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
680,372,352 
NO0010890304 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
NOTE SS Equity 
NOTE AB 
Equity Securities 
680,281,786 
SE0001161654 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PLOW US Equity 
DOUGLAS DYNAMICS 
Equity Securities 
679,966,620 
US25960R1059 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1995 HK Equity 
CIFI EVER SUNSHI 
Equity Securities 
679,641,926 
KYG2139U1067 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CUV AU Equity 
CLINUVEL PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
679,405,596 
AU000000CUV3 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 197 ---
Annex I - page 87 of 162 
 
GEM AU Equity 
G8 EDUCATION LTD 
Equity Securities 
679,378,032 
AU000000GEM7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ETD US Equity 
ETHAN ALLEN 
Equity Securities 
679,066,303 
US2976021046 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EHAB US Equity 
ENHABIT INC 
Equity Securities 
678,710,394 
US29332G1022 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RSI US Equity 
RUSH STREET INTE 
Equity Securities 
678,684,774 
US7820111000 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OBIO US Equity 
ORCHESTRA BIOMED 
Equity Securities 
677,489,713 
US68572M1062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXFY US Equity 
EXPENSIFY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
677,066,180 
US30219Q1067 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BWE NO Equity 
BW ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
676,539,392 
BMG0702P1086 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
ZIL2 GR Equity 
ELRINGKLINGER AG 
Equity Securities 
675,395,451 
DE0007856023 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DLX US Equity 
DELUXE CORP 
Equity Securities 
674,942,884 
US2480191012 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KIT NO Equity 
KITRON ASA 
Equity Securities 
674,485,184 
NO0003079709 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
RPAY US Equity 
REPAY HOLDINGS C 
Equity Securities 
672,996,026 
US76029L1008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HFWA US Equity 
HERITAGE FINL 
Equity Securities 
672,293,248 
US42722X1063 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SP US Equity 
SP PLUS CORP 
Equity Securities 
671,540,350 
US78469C1036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LNZA US Equity 
LANZATECH GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
670,398,981 
US51655R1014 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EMR AU Equity 
EMERALD RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
669,779,015 
AU000000EMR4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PBI US Equity 
PITNEY BOWES INC 
Equity Securities 
669,706,662 
US7244791007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NRDY US Equity 
NERDY INC 
Equity Securities 
668,733,218 
US64081V1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TITN US Equity 
TITAN MACHINERY 
Equity Securities 
668,436,810 
US88830R1014 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IDYA US Equity 
IDEAYA BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
667,787,437 
US45166A1025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
596 HK Equity 
INSPUR DIGITAL E 
Equity Securities 
667,713,328 
KYG4820C1309 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PTM AU Equity 
PLATINUM ASSET 
Equity Securities 
667,654,090 
AU000000PTM6 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2500 HK Equity 
VENUS MEDTECH -H 
Equity Securities 
667,424,566 
CNE100003PJ8 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
RECSI NO Equity 
REC SILICON ASA 
Equity Securities 
665,956,032 
NO0010112675 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
OFIX US Equity 
ORTHOFIX MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
665,314,043 
US68752M1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCR PW Equity 
PCC ROKITA SA 
Equity Securities 
664,348,712 
PLPCCRK00076 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
GHIX US Equity 
GORES HOLDING -A 
Equity Securities 
664,125,000 
US38287A1016 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PHIL IM Equity 
PHILOGEN SPA 
Equity Securities 
663,740,288 
IT0005373789 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
GHLD US Equity 
GUILD HOLDINGS-A 
Equity Securities 
663,653,007 
US40172N1072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
873 HK Equity 
SHIMAO SERVICES 
Equity Securities 
663,428,220 
KYG8104A1085 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CHS US Equity 
CHICOS FAS INC 
Equity Securities 
662,762,763 
US1686151028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1755 HK Equity 
S-ENJOY SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
662,664,011 
KYG803251068 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
QDT FP Equity 
QUADIENT SA 
Equity Securities 
662,466,957 
FR0000120560 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1890 HK Equity 
CHINA KEPEI EDUC 
Equity Securities 
662,344,962 
KYG2122A1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PGY US Equity 
PAGAYA TECHNOL-A 
Equity Securities 
662,001,143 
IL0011858912 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
CEVA US Equity 
CEVA INC 
Equity Securities 
661,971,055 
US1572101053 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1969 HK Equity 
CHINA CHUNLAI ED 
Equity Securities 
661,919,280 
KYG2121L1068 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SG IM Equity 
SAES GETTERS SPA 
Equity Securities 
660,929,536 
IT0001029492 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
IOT IM Equity 
SECO SPA 
Equity Securities 
660,839,616 
IT0005438046 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CRAV FP Equity 
CA ATLANTIQUE VE 
Equity Securities 
660,786,829 
FR0000185506 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CIE PW Equity 
CIECH 
Equity Securities 
660,060,209 
PLCIECH00018 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1521 HK Equity 
FRONTAGE HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
660,020,956 
KYG3679P1019 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ARU AU Equity 
ARAFURA RARE EAR 
Equity Securities 
659,701,272 
AU000000ARU5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SIS GR Equity 
FIRST SENSOR AG 
Equity Securities 
658,594,723 
DE0007201907 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HOUS US Equity 
ANYWHERE REAL ES 
Equity Securities 
657,665,432 
US75605Y1064 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HROW US Equity 
HARROW HEALTH IN 
Equity Securities 
657,492,413 
US4158581094 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BOC US Equity 
BOSTON OMAHA -A 
Equity Securities 
656,786,006 
US1010441053 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMTB US Equity 
AMERANT BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
656,338,879 
US0235761014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MGIC US Equity 
MAGIC SOFTWARE 
Equity Securities 
655,392,284 
IL0010823123 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
VJBA DC Equity 
VESTJYSK BANK 
Equity Securities 
655,362,109 
DK0010304500 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen

--- Page 198 ---
Annex I - page 88 of 162 
 
CLCO NO Equity 
COOL CO LTD 
Equity Securities 
654,989,632 
BMG2415A1137 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
256 HK Equity 
CITYCHAMP 
Equity Securities 
654,177,535 
KYG2161T1004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CTBI US Equity 
COMMUNI TRUST BA 
Equity Securities 
654,172,914 
US2041491083 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLX US Equity 
BANCO LATINOAM-E 
Equity Securities 
653,842,008 
PAP169941328 
Financials 
Panama 
Panama 
New York 
VTNR US Equity 
VERTEX ENERGY IN 
Equity Securities 
653,778,657 
US92534K1079 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BJRI US Equity 
BJS RESTAURANTS 
Equity Securities 
652,710,355 
US09180C1062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TERN US Equity 
TERNS PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
652,267,050 
US8808811074 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2257 HK Equity 
SIRNAOMICS LTD 
Equity Securities 
651,404,997 
KYG2050P1028 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RSG AU Equity 
RESOLUTE MINING 
Equity Securities 
650,383,838 
AU000000RSG6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DIC GR Equity 
DIC ASSET AG 
Equity Securities 
649,124,763 
DE000A1X3XX4 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CKF AU Equity 
COLLINS FOODS LT 
Equity Securities 
649,067,897 
AU000000CKF7 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NMAN SS Equity 
NEDERMAN HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
648,840,161 
SE0011204510 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KNOW SS Equity 
KNOW IT AB 
Equity Securities 
648,095,575 
SE0000421273 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HEGA NA Equity 
HEDOSOPHIA EUROP 
Equity Securities 
647,023,972 
KYG4406A1022 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
EN Amsterdam 
587 HK Equity 
CHINA CONCH ENVI 
Equity Securities 
646,947,284 
KYG2124M1015 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALCC US Equity 
ALTC ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
646,854,250 
US02156V1098 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COOR SS Equity 
COOR SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
646,249,249 
SE0007158829 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EGLE US Equity 
EAGLE BULK SHIPP 
Equity Securities 
646,221,566 
MHY2187A1507 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
MAX US Equity 
MEDIAALPHA INC-A 
Equity Securities 
646,066,944 
US58450V1044 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
INWI SS Equity 
INWIDO AB 
Equity Securities 
646,037,372 
SE0006220018 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RTC US Equity 
BAIJIAYUN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
645,150,706 
KYG0704V1032 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SCANFL FH Equity 
SCANFIL OYJ 
Equity Securities 
644,954,292 
FI4000029905 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
BOUV NO Equity 
BOUVET ASA 
Equity Securities 
644,881,984 
NO0010360266 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1773 HK Equity 
TIANLI INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
644,836,259 
KYG888461038 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UVSP US Equity 
UNIVEST FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
643,838,336 
US9152711001 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VTOL US Equity 
BRISTOW GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
643,256,268 
US11040G1031 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
51 HK Equity 
HARBOUR CENTRE 
Equity Securities 
642,848,972 
HK0051000351 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
6868 HK Equity 
TENFU HLDGS CO 
Equity Securities 
642,795,258 
KYG875941000 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
YORW US Equity 
YORK WATER CO 
Equity Securities 
642,345,184 
US9871841089 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GTY GR Equity 
GATEWAY REAL EST 
Equity Securities 
640,682,810 
DE000A0JJTG7 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DENN US Equity 
DENNYS CORP 
Equity Securities 
639,858,615 
US24869P1049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1198 HK Equity 
ROYALE HOME HOLD 
Equity Securities 
638,890,114 
KYG7691E1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
493 HK Equity 
GOME RETAIL HOLD 
Equity Securities 
638,868,809 
BMG3978C1249 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CNOB US Equity 
CONNECTONE BANCO 
Equity Securities 
638,806,254 
US20786W1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AAC AU Equity 
AUSTRALIAN AGRIC 
Equity Securities 
637,398,718 
AU000000AAC9 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALLIGOB SS Equity 
ALLIGO AB-B 
Equity Securities 
637,375,663 
SE0009922305 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BRY US Equity 
BERRY CORP 
Equity Securities 
637,168,688 
US08579X1019 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DCO US Equity 
DUCOMMUN INC 
Equity Securities 
636,545,475 
US2641471097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EVC US Equity 
ENTRAVISION CO-A 
Equity Securities 
636,480,200 
US29382R1077 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORCL LX Equity 
CPI FIM SA 
Equity Securities 
635,932,657 
LU0122624777 
Real Estate 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
ZYME US Equity 
ZYMEWORKS INC 
Equity Securities 
635,929,980 
US98985Y1082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1952 HK Equity 
EVEREST MEDICINE 
Equity Securities 
635,580,752 
KYG3224E1061 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PAHC US Equity 
PHIBRO ANIMAL-A 
Equity Securities 
635,501,610 
US71742Q1067 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OML AU Equity 
OOH!MEDIA LTD 
Equity Securities 
635,111,950 
AU000000OML6 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FORR US Equity 
FORRESTER RESEAR 
Equity Securities 
635,016,127 
US3465631097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
895 HK Equity 
DONGJIANG ENV-H 
Equity Securities 
634,446,591 
CNE1000001B6 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
COMB BB Equity 
CIE BOIS SAUVAGE 
Equity Securities 
634,419,199 
BE0003592038 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
6169 HK Equity 
CHINA YUHUA EDUC 
Equity Securities 
634,075,672 
KYG2120K1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1830 HK Equity 
PERFECT MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
633,878,872 
KYG7013H1056 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 199 ---
Annex I - page 89 of 162 
 
CRAYN NO Equity 
CRAYON GROUP 
HOLDING AS 
Equity Securities 
633,569,408 
NO0010808892 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MGH AU Equity 
MAAS GROUP HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
633,123,292 
AU0000118564 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FSECURE FH Equity 
F-SECURE CORP 
Equity Securities 
632,815,089 
FI4000519236 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1866 HK Equity 
CHINA XLX FERTIL 
Equity Securities 
632,060,152 
SG1V07936171 
Materials 
Singapore 
Singapore 
Hong Kong 
2098 HK Equity 
ZALL SMART COMME 
Equity Securities 
631,830,019 
KYG9888C1125 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MUSTI FH Equity 
MUSTI GROUP OY 
Equity Securities 
631,621,286 
FI4000410758 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
BAMNB NA Equity 
BAM GROEP 
Equity Securities 
631,620,632 
NL0000337319 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
CSWC US Equity 
CAP SOUTHWEST 
Equity Securities 
631,047,961 
US1405011073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1478 HK Equity 
Q TECHNOLOGY GRO 
Equity Securities 
630,755,930 
KYG7306T1058 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LCA US Equity 
LANDCADIA HOLD-A 
Equity Securities 
630,625,000 
US51477A1043 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RIVP CZ Equity 
VALAMAR RIVIERA 
Equity Securities 
630,481,112 
HRRIVPRA0000 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
GRC US Equity 
GORMAN-RUPP CO 
Equity Securities 
630,372,260 
US3830821043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVD US Equity 
AMER VANGUARD 
Equity Securities 
630,199,275 
US0303711081 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WSU GR Equity 
WASHTEC AG 
Equity Securities 
630,074,796 
DE0007507501 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ACMR US Equity 
ACM RESEARCH-A 
Equity Securities 
629,867,410 
US00108J1097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PUUILO FH Equity 
PUUILO OYJ 
Equity Securities 
629,182,730 
FI4000507124 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ELIOR FP Equity 
ELIOR GROUP 
Equity Securities 
628,564,015 
FR0011950732 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SFQ GR Equity 
SAF-HOLLAND SE 
Equity Securities 
627,937,917 
DE000SAFH001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SVOLB SS Equity 
SVOLDER AB-B 
Equity Securities 
627,641,943 
SE0017161458 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CHUY US Equity 
CHUYS HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
627,416,206 
US1716041017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CHRS US Equity 
COHERUS BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
627,325,137 
US19249H1032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AVXL US Equity 
ANAVEX LIFE SCIE 
Equity Securities 
627,309,401 
US0327973006 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SVOLA SS Equity 
SVOLDER AB-A 
Equity Securities 
626,770,812 
SE0017161441 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
806 HK Equity 
VALUE PARTNERS 
Equity Securities 
625,976,075 
KYG931751005 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HSN AU Equity 
HANSEN TECH 
Equity Securities 
625,771,014 
AU000000HSN3 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TYRA US Equity 
TYRA BIOSCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
625,509,809 
US90240B1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BXC US Equity 
BLUELINX HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
625,319,369 
US09624H2085 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MERC US Equity 
MERCER INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
625,279,955 
US5880561015 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATNI US Equity 
ATN INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
624,987,976 
US00215F1075 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ASC US Equity 
ARDMORE SHIPPING 
Equity Securities 
624,814,001 
MHY0207T1001 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
ACRS US Equity 
ACLARIS THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
624,805,852 
US00461U1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EBUS NA Equity 
EBUSCO HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
624,795,285 
NL0015000CZ2 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
62 HK Equity 
TRANSPORT INTL 
Equity Securities 
624,387,791 
BMG9031M1082 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
906 HK Equity 
CPMC HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
624,092,198 
HK0000057171 
Materials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1765 HK Equity 
HOPE EDUCATION G 
Equity Securities 
623,804,899 
KYG4600E1089 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TRNS US Equity 
TRANSCAT INC 
Equity Securities 
623,219,819 
US8935291075 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KELYA US Equity 
KELLY SERVICES-A 
Equity Securities 
622,689,532 
US4881522084 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KELYB US Equity 
KELLY SERVICES-B 
Equity Securities 
622,689,532 
US4881523074 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLSGT FP Equity 
SMART GOOD THING 
Equity Securities 
622,626,816 
FR001400CDB7 
N/A 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
581 HK Equity 
CHINA ORIENTAL 
Equity Securities 
621,226,453 
BMG2108V1019 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
KAMN US Equity 
KAMAN CORP 
Equity Securities 
621,076,697 
US4835481031 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KVIKA IR Equity 
KVIKA BANKI HF 
Equity Securities 
619,597,760 
IS0000020469 
Financials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
GLV ID Equity 
GLENVEAGH PROPER 
Equity Securities 
619,522,784 
IE00BD6JX574 
Consumer Discretionary 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
CINT US Equity 
CI&T INC/UNITE-A 
Equity Securities 
618,886,257 
KYG213071064 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
D6H GR Equity 
DATAGROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
618,713,476 
DE000A0JC8S7 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SYNSAM SS Equity 
SYNSAM GROUP AB- 
Equity Securities 
618,513,220 
SE0016829709 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PLPC US Equity 
PREFORMED LINE 
Equity Securities 
616,631,999 
US7404441047 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
4IG HB Equity 
4IG 
Equity Securities 
615,677,851 
HU0000167788 
Information Technology 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest

--- Page 200 ---
Annex I - page 90 of 162 
 
JOUT US Equity 
JOHNSON OUTDOO-A 
Equity Securities 
615,088,694 
US4791671088 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WIIT IM Equity 
WIIT SPA 
Equity Securities 
614,717,248 
IT0005440893 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
9857 HK Equity 
LINMON MEDIA LTD 
Equity Securities 
614,394,995 
KYG5571U1040 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ILTY IM Equity 
ILLIMITY BANK SPA 
Equity Securities 
613,992,192 
IT0005359192 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CLAB SS Equity 
CLOETTA AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
613,661,083 
SE0002626861 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
JANX US Equity 
JANUX THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
612,439,732 
US47103J1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WBT AU Equity 
WEEBIT NANO LTD 
Equity Securities 
612,013,228 
AU000000WBT5 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1234 HK Equity 
CHINA LILANG LTD 
Equity Securities 
611,724,433 
KYG211411098 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALDX US Equity 
ALDEYRA THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
611,537,094 
US01438T1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
376 HK Equity 
YUNFENG FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
611,002,664 
HK0000091790 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
OHB GR Equity 
OHB SE 
Equity Securities 
610,756,233 
DE0005936124 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HAYN US Equity 
HAYNES INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
610,555,163 
US4208772016 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2616 HK Equity 
CSTONE PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
610,038,129 
KYG2588M1006 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EGL PL Equity 
MOTA ENGIL SGPS 
Equity Securities 
609,838,661 
PTMEN0AE0005 
Industrials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
GSBC US Equity 
GREAT SOUTHN BAN 
Equity Securities 
609,700,063 
US3909051076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DOM SM Equity 
GLOBAL DOMINION 
Equity Securities 
609,320,972 
ES0105130001 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ASE PW Equity 
ASSECOSEE 
Equity Securities 
608,784,307 
PLASSEE00014 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
EUR PW Equity 
EUROCASH 
Equity Securities 
608,484,810 
PLEURCH00011 
Consumer Staples 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
207 HK Equity 
JOY CITY PPT 
Equity Securities 
607,323,274 
BMG5210S1061 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALBAV FH Equity 
ALANDSBANKEN-A 
Equity Securities 
607,205,863 
FI0009000103 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ALBBV FH Equity 
ALANDSBANKEN-B 
Equity Securities 
607,205,863 
FI0009001127 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CMPO US Equity 
COMPOSECURE INC 
Equity Securities 
607,028,678 
US20459V1052 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SOLARB DC Equity 
SOLAR A/S-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
606,074,217 
DK0010274844 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
BIGC US Equity 
BIGCOMMERCE-1 
Equity Securities 
606,050,070 
US08975P1084 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ELO NO Equity 
ELOPAK ASA 
Equity Securities 
606,024,256 
NO0011002586 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
OPDE SM Equity 
OPDENERGY HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
605,532,692 
ES0105544003 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SIQ AU Equity 
SMARTGROUP CORP 
Equity Securities 
605,379,313 
AU000000SIQ4 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ICP1V FH Equity 
INCAP OYJ 
Equity Securities 
605,335,088 
FI0009006407 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
BBSI US Equity 
BARRETT BUS SVCS 
Equity Securities 
605,329,316 
US0684631080 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HZO US Equity 
MARINEMAX INC 
Equity Securities 
604,906,153 
US5679081084 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1576 HK Equity 
QILU EXPRESSWAY 
Equity Securities 
603,829,366 
CNE1000031X7 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
IMU AU Equity 
IMUGENE LTD 
Equity Securities 
603,739,992 
AU000000IMU9 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HEX NO Equity 
HEXAGON COMPOSITES 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
602,613,504 
NO0003067902 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ATEX US Equity 
ANTERIX INC 
Equity Securities 
602,105,323 
US03676C1009 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RMGC US Equity 
RMG ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
601,938,750 
KYG760881063 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CXL AU Equity 
CALIX LTD 
Equity Securities 
601,827,384 
AU0000017840 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1622 HK Equity 
REDCO PROPERTIES 
Equity Securities 
601,745,314 
KYG733101318 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2427 HK Equity 
GUANZE MEDICAL I 
Equity Securities 
601,472,648 
KYG4315D1060 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SFL IM Equity 
SAFILO GROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
601,334,528 
IT0004604762 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TBI US Equity 
TRUEBLUE INC 
Equity Securities 
601,323,094 
US89785X1019 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MLP GR Equity 
MLP SE 
Equity Securities 
601,067,414 
DE0006569908 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CSTL US Equity 
CASTLE BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
600,077,409 
US14843C1053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TK US Equity 
TEEKAY CORP 
Equity Securities 
598,759,026 
MHY8564W1030 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
658 HK Equity 
CHINA HIGH-SPEED 
Equity Securities 
597,878,559 
KYG2112D1051 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
127 HK Equity 
CHINESE ESTATES 
Equity Securities 
597,809,281 
BMG2108M2182 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
RXST US Equity 
RXSIGHT INC 
Equity Securities 
597,474,200 
US78349D1072 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
369 HK Equity 
WING TAI PROPERT 
Equity Securities 
596,484,172 
BMG9716V1000 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
POS AV Equity 
PORR AG 
Equity Securities 
595,972,793 
AT0000609607 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna

--- Page 201 ---
Annex I - page 91 of 162 
 
DIS IM Equity 
D'AMICO INTERNATIONAL 
SHIPPI 
Equity Securities 
595,579,648 
LU0290697514 
Energy 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
BorsaItaliana 
SEM AV Equity 
SEMPERIT AG HLDG 
Equity Securities 
594,918,883 
AT0000785555 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
WW US Equity 
WW INTERNATIONAL 
Equity Securities 
594,663,318 
US98262P1012 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRSU FP Equity 
CA SUD RHONE ALP 
Equity Securities 
594,465,937 
FR0000045346 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HBT US Equity 
HBT FINANCIAL IN 
Equity Securities 
594,357,178 
US4041111067 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EBS US Equity 
EMERGENT BIOSOLU 
Equity Securities 
594,160,872 
US29089Q1058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PVN IM Equity 
PIOVAN SPA 
Equity Securities 
593,817,792 
IT0005337958 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NXFIL NA Equity 
NX FILTRATION NV 
Equity Securities 
592,630,478 
NL0015000D50 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
1600 HK Equity 
TIAN LUN GAS HOL 
Equity Securities 
591,878,090 
KYG843961031 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BOV MV Equity 
BANK VALLETTA 
Equity Securities 
590,586,869 
MT0000020116 
Financials 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
HPUR NO Equity 
HEXAGON PURUS ASA 
Equity Securities 
590,563,712 
NO0010904923 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CTT PL Equity 
CTT-CORREIOS DE 
Equity Securities 
590,506,519 
PTCTT0AM0001 
Industrials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
6922 HK Equity 
CRYOFOCUS MEDTEC 
Equity Securities 
590,319,869 
CNE100005MV5 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FATE US Equity 
FATE THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
589,952,556 
US31189P1021 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LYEL US Equity 
LYELL IMMUNOPHAR 
Equity Securities 
589,077,823 
US55083R1041 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMOT US Equity 
ALLIED MOTION TE 
Equity Securities 
588,893,361 
US0193301092 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QUEST GA Equity 
QUEST HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
588,277,792 
GRS310003009 
Information Technology 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
BLBD US Equity 
BLUE BIRD CORP 
Equity Securities 
587,788,429 
US0953061068 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
A4N AU Equity 
ALPHA HPA LTD 
Equity Securities 
587,398,267 
AU0000033060 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BONEX SS Equity 
BONESUPPORT HOLD 
Equity Securities 
586,731,084 
SE0009858152 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1501 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI KINDL-H 
Equity Securities 
586,402,392 
CNE100003NH7 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BROG US Equity 
BROOGE ENERGY LT 
Equity Securities 
586,305,978 
KYG1611B1077 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
VIH1 GR Equity 
VIB VERMOEGEN AG 
Equity Securities 
586,188,038 
DE000A2YPDD0 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
3306 HK Equity 
JNBY DESIGN LTD 
Equity Securities 
586,161,943 
KYG550441045 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CASS US Equity 
CASS INFORMATION 
Equity Securities 
586,117,591 
US14808P1093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLCFM FP Equity 
CFM INDOSUEZ WEA 
Equity Securities 
585,912,533 
MC0010000826 
Financials 
Monaco 
Monaco 
EN Paris 
TCPC US Equity 
BLACKROCK TCP CA 
Equity Securities 
585,760,057 
US09259E1082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NRG FP Equity 
NRJ GROUP 
Equity Securities 
585,697,004 
FR0000121691 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
VUL AU Equity 
VULCAN ENERGY RE 
Equity Securities 
585,518,971 
AU0000066086 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SDR AU Equity 
SITEMINDER LTD 
Equity Securities 
585,433,653 
AU0000183543 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VTRU US Equity 
VITRU LTD 
Equity Securities 
585,078,499 
KYG9440D1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
242 HK Equity 
SHUN TAK HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
584,845,337 
HK0242001243 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ANAB US Equity 
ANAPTYSBIO INC 
Equity Securities 
584,530,070 
US0327241065 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
665 HK Equity 
HAITONG INTL 
Equity Securities 
583,788,203 
BMG4232X1020 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
YIT FH Equity 
YIT OYJ 
Equity Securities 
583,510,159 
FI0009800643 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
HSII US Equity 
HEIDRICK & STRUG 
Equity Securities 
583,485,506 
US4228191023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CIR US Equity 
CIRCOR INTL 
Equity Securities 
583,465,644 
US17273K1097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OSBC US Equity 
OLD SECOND BNCRP 
Equity Securities 
582,879,907 
US6802771005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9990 HK Equity 
ARCHOSAUR GAMES 
Equity Securities 
581,934,719 
KYG0512W1033 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SOL SM Equity 
SOLTEC POWER HOL 
Equity Securities 
581,777,414 
ES0105513008 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SNBR US Equity 
SLEEP NUMBER COR 
Equity Securities 
581,219,724 
US83125X1037 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9886 HK Equity 
DINGDANG HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
581,027,527 
KYG2762W1069 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SOUN US Equity 
SOUNDHOUND AI-A 
Equity Securities 
580,560,066 
US8361001071 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZEUS US Equity 
OLYMPIC STEEL 
Equity Securities 
580,450,740 
US68162K1060 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MOV US Equity 
MOVADO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
580,441,973 
US6245801062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BOE AU Equity 
BOSS ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
579,967,555 
AU000000BOE4 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NRIX US Equity 
NURIX THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
579,782,226 
US67080M1036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CGG FP Equity 
CGG SA 
Equity Securities 
579,457,972 
FR0013181864 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 202 ---
Annex I - page 92 of 162 
 
2342 HK Equity 
COMBA TELECOM SY 
Equity Securities 
578,944,763 
KYG229721140 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JIN AU Equity 
JUMBO INTERACTIV 
Equity Securities 
578,252,258 
AU000000JIN0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VMEO US Equity 
VIMEO INC 
Equity Securities 
578,225,112 
US92719V1008 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CCO US Equity 
CLEAR CHANNEL OU 
Equity Securities 
577,700,952 
US18453H1068 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MAD AU Equity 
MADER GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
577,404,007 
AU0000056269 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
UOS AU Equity 
UNITED O/S AUST 
Equity Securities 
576,507,170 
AU000000UOS4 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ZING US Equity 
FTAC ZEUS ACQU-A 
Equity Securities 
576,074,063 
US30320F1066 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RAPT US Equity 
RAPT THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
575,038,789 
US75382E1091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SLGC US Equity 
SOMALOGIC INC 
Equity Securities 
574,942,081 
US83444K1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMWL US Equity 
AMERICAN WELL -A 
Equity Securities 
574,618,141 
US03044L1052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRAP FP Equity 
CA ALPES PROVENC 
Equity Securities 
574,392,488 
FR0000044323 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ARLO US Equity 
ARLO TECHNOLOGIE 
Equity Securities 
574,348,839 
US04206A1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
APR PW Equity 
AUTO PARTNER SA 
Equity Securities 
573,956,561 
PLATPRT00018 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DBAN GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE BETEILI 
Equity Securities 
572,727,636 
DE000A1TNUT7 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ICEAIR IR Equity 
ICELANDAIR GROUP HF 
Equity Securities 
572,285,888 
IS0000013464 
Industrials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
ATTICA GA Equity 
ATTICA HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
571,841,222 
GRS144003001 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
ODL NO Equity 
ODFJELL DRILLING LTD 
Equity Securities 
570,843,456 
BMG671801022 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
TRDA US Equity 
ENTRADA THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
570,567,193 
US29384C1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRST US Equity 
TRUSTCO BANK NY 
Equity Securities 
570,542,746 
US8983492047 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SD US Equity 
SANDRIDGE ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
570,186,088 
US80007P8692 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SBOW US Equity 
SILVERBOW RESOUR 
Equity Securities 
569,796,874 
US82836G1022 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PTSI US Equity 
PAM TRANSPORT 
Equity Securities 
569,255,436 
US6931491061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MBI US Equity 
MBIA INC 
Equity Securities 
568,333,354 
US55262C1009 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MN IM Equity 
ARNOLDO MONDADORI 
EDITORE 
Equity Securities 
566,704,256 
IT0001469383 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
DBI US Equity 
DESIGNER BRAND-A 
Equity Securities 
565,878,850 
US2505651081 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HDD GR Equity 
HEIDELBERG DRUCK 
Equity Securities 
565,769,625 
DE0007314007 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ORGN US Equity 
ORIGIN MATERIALS 
Equity Securities 
565,244,408 
US68622D1063 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPRY US Equity 
ARS PHARMACEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
564,530,107 
US82835W1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FRPH US Equity 
FRP HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
564,355,715 
US30292L1070 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CIBUS SS Equity 
CIBUS NORDIC REA 
Equity Securities 
563,576,883 
SE0010832204 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BDT GR Equity 
BERTRANDT AG 
Equity Securities 
563,200,844 
DE0005232805 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CMB IM Equity 
CEMBRE SPA 
Equity Securities 
563,148,480 
IT0001128047 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ORES SS Equity 
ORESUND INVESTME 
Equity Securities 
562,985,960 
SE0008321608 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NLFSK DC Equity 
NILFISK HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
562,847,552 
DK0060907293 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
AKH NO Equity 
AKER HORIZONS ASA 
Equity Securities 
562,232,448 
NO0010921232 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
KE US Equity 
KIMBALL ELECTRON 
Equity Securities 
562,227,694 
US49428J1097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTIC US Equity 
CTI BIOPHARMA CO 
Equity Securities 
561,620,900 
US12648L6011 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SWBI US Equity 
SMITH & WESSON B 
Equity Securities 
560,874,916 
US8317541063 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IHRT US Equity 
IHEARTMEDIA-CL A 
Equity Securities 
560,823,125 
US45174J5092 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRN AU Equity 
PERENTI LTD 
Equity Securities 
560,777,015 
AU0000061897 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VSEC US Equity 
VSE CORP 
Equity Securities 
560,748,232 
US9182841000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STEFB SS Equity 
STENDORREN FASTI 
Equity Securities 
560,631,049 
SE0006543344 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KAR SS Equity 
KARNOV GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
560,467,039 
SE0012323715 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RPL AU Equity 
REGAL PARTNERS L 
Equity Securities 
560,203,953 
AU0000226300 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1137 HK Equity 
HONG KONG TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
560,074,500 
HK0000065349 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
PHN IM Equity 
PHARMANUTRA SPA 
Equity Securities 
559,624,640 
IT0005274094 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CION US Equity 
CION INVESTMENT 
Equity Securities 
559,528,443 
US17259U2042 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RMAX US Equity 
RE/MAX HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
559,281,551 
US75524W1080 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 203 ---
Annex I - page 93 of 162 
 
DOV IM Equity 
DOVALUE SPA 
Equity Securities 
558,980,224 
IT0001044996 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
VPG US Equity 
VISHAY PRECI 
Equity Securities 
558,467,212 
US92835K1034 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ELANB SS Equity 
ELANDERS AB-B 
Equity Securities 
557,829,414 
SE0000119299 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ADX SM Equity 
AUDAX RENOVABLES 
Equity Securities 
557,683,195 
ES0136463017 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ACAD SS Equity 
ACADEMEDIA AB 
Equity Securities 
556,699,342 
SE0007897079 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
6830 HK Equity 
HUAZHONG IN-V 
Equity Securities 
556,683,374 
KYG4657L1041 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WBX US Equity 
WALLBOX NV 
Equity Securities 
556,326,469 
NL0015000M91 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
FBD ID Equity 
FBD HOLDINGS PLC 
Equity Securities 
555,888,746 
IE0003290289 
Financials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
ALLG US Equity 
ALLEGO NV 
Equity Securities 
555,729,391 
NL0015000TA9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
New York 
SHCR US Equity 
SHARECARE INC 
Equity Securities 
555,706,702 
US81948W1045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UVE US Equity 
UNIVERSAL INSURA 
Equity Securities 
554,762,563 
US91359V1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
6669 HK Equity 
ACOTEC SCIENTIFI 
Equity Securities 
554,127,036 
KYG0096M1096 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WASH US Equity 
WASH TRUST BANC 
Equity Securities 
554,046,525 
US9406101082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CUBI US Equity 
CUSTOMERS BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
553,349,444 
US23204G1004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MCS US Equity 
MARCUS CORP 
Equity Securities 
553,048,724 
US5663301068 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EBIX US Equity 
EBIX INC 
Equity Securities 
552,538,756 
US2787152063 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VTS US Equity 
VITESSE ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
552,518,306 
US92852X1037 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORDI NA Equity 
ORDINA NV 
Equity Securities 
552,265,816 
NL0000440584 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
HONE US Equity 
HARBORONE BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
551,763,484 
US41165Y1001 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TIE AU Equity 
TIETTO MINERALS 
Equity Securities 
551,275,304 
AU000000TIE8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CLW US Equity 
CLEARWATER 
Equity Securities 
550,962,634 
US18538R1032 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IMMO BB Equity 
IMMOBEL 
Equity Securities 
549,604,626 
BE0003599108 
Real Estate 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
VITL US Equity 
VITAL FARMS INC 
Equity Securities 
548,885,622 
US92847W1036 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MCM SM Equity 
MIQUEL Y COSTAS 
Equity Securities 
548,870,380 
ES0164180012 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
MLG PW Equity 
MLP GROUP SA 
Equity Securities 
548,790,198 
PLMLPGR00017 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
LWLG US Equity 
LIGHTWAVE LOGIC 
Equity Securities 
548,353,021 
US5322751042 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRMT US Equity 
AMERICAS CAR-MA 
Equity Securities 
547,822,666 
US03062T1051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TYR AU Equity 
TYRO PAYMENTS LT 
Equity Securities 
547,615,602 
AU0000066508 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HAGA IR Equity 
HAGAR HF 
Equity Securities 
547,587,328 
IS0000020121 
Consumer Staples 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
2219 HK Equity 
CHAOJU EYE CARE 
Equity Securities 
547,176,891 
KYG2047K1094 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NB2 GR Equity 
NORTHERN DATA AG 
Equity Securities 
546,823,523 
DE000A0SMU87 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AORT US Equity 
ARTIVION INC 
Equity Securities 
545,889,548 
US2289031005 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FC US Equity 
FRANKLIN COVEY 
Equity Securities 
545,385,720 
US3534691098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VIL FP Equity 
VIEL ET COMPAGNI 
Equity Securities 
545,326,927 
FR0000050049 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
DOMO US Equity 
DOMO INC- CL B 
Equity Securities 
544,884,916 
US2575541055 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PFLT US Equity 
PENNANTPARK FLOA 
Equity Securities 
544,563,374 
US70806A1060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SLX AU Equity 
SILEX SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
544,200,099 
AU000000SLX4 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MYPS US Equity 
PLAYSTUDIOS INC 
Equity Securities 
543,973,321 
US72815G1085 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BTAI US Equity 
BIOXCEL THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
543,638,705 
US09075P1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALDLT FP Equity 
DELTA PLUS GROUP 
Equity Securities 
542,899,333 
FR0013283108 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
M RO Equity 
MED LIFE SA 
Equity Securities 
542,581,851 
ROMEDLACNOR6 
Health Care 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
HAFC US Equity 
HANMI FINL CORP 
Equity Securities 
542,514,518 
US4104952043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
686 HK Equity 
BEIJING ENERGY I 
Equity Securities 
542,161,646 
BMG1146K1018 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
TRAQ US Equity 
TRINE II ACQUI-A 
Equity Securities 
541,822,500 
KYG9059F1000 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
KTA GR Equity 
KNAUS TABBERT AG 
Equity Securities 
540,824,323 
DE000A2YN504 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HSC US Equity 
HARSCO CORP 
Equity Securities 
540,615,749 
US4158641070 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LAMPS GA Equity 
LAMPSA HOTEL CO 
Equity Securities 
540,263,494 
GRS128003001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
TNP US Equity 
TSAKOS ENERGY NA 
Equity Securities 
539,952,535 
BMG9108L1735 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
MLYS US Equity 
MINERALYS THERAP 
Equity Securities 
539,307,820 
US6031701013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 204 ---
Annex I - page 94 of 162 
 
VECT US Equity 
VECTIVBIO HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
539,230,033 
CH1109007893 
Health Care 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
NASDAQ 
AR4 GR Equity 
AURELIUS EQUITY 
Equity Securities 
538,114,938 
DE000A0JK2A8 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IBAB BB Equity 
ION BEAM APPLICA 
Equity Securities 
538,052,007 
BE0003766806 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
IIIN US Equity 
INSTEEL INDS 
Equity Securities 
537,824,380 
US45774W1080 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TIPT US Equity 
TIPTREE INC 
Equity Securities 
537,799,639 
US88822Q1031 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TPIC US Equity 
TPI COMPOSITES I 
Equity Securities 
537,458,838 
US87266J1043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FDMT US Equity 
4D MOLECULAR THE 
Equity Securities 
537,421,689 
US35104E1001 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PPA GA Equity 
PIRAEUS PORT AUT 
Equity Securities 
537,105,730 
GRS470003013 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
746 HK Equity 
L & M CHEMICAL 
Equity Securities 
537,045,074 
KYG5427E1145 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HUG PW Equity 
HUUUGE INC 
Equity Securities 
536,674,355 
US44853H1086 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
Warsaw 
ALEC US Equity 
ALECTOR INC 
Equity Securities 
536,360,299 
US0144421072 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GRR AU Equity 
GRANGE RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
536,155,676 
AU000000GRR8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FROY NO Equity 
FROY ASA 
Equity Securities 
535,646,208 
NO0010936792 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MBB GR Equity 
MBB SE 
Equity Securities 
535,612,149 
DE000A0ETBQ4 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
LDI US Equity 
LOANDEPOT INC -A 
Equity Securities 
534,813,347 
US53946R1068 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BW US Equity 
BABCOCK & WILCOX 
Equity Securities 
534,211,796 
US05614L2097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ATT SS Equity 
ATTENDO AB 
Equity Securities 
534,102,672 
SE0007666110 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2279 HK Equity 
YONGHE MEDICAL-H 
Equity Securities 
533,801,632 
KYG5688E1008 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RUTH US Equity 
RUTHS HOSPITALI 
Equity Securities 
533,496,778 
US7833321091 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WCMK GR Equity 
WCM BETEILIGUNG 
Equity Securities 
532,767,805 
DE000A1X3X33 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
OIS US Equity 
OIL STATES INTL 
Equity Securities 
532,332,105 
US6780261052 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KRNY US Equity 
KEARNY FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
532,288,365 
US48716P1084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2148 HK Equity 
VESYNC CO LTD 
Equity Securities 
531,822,896 
KYG9450E1089 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NTGR US Equity 
NETGEAR INC 
Equity Securities 
531,695,340 
US64111Q1040 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ARTNA US Equity 
ARTESIAN RES-A 
Equity Securities 
530,935,927 
US0431132085 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DYN US Equity 
DYNE THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
530,579,868 
US26818M1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NCK AU Equity 
NICK SCALI LTD 
Equity Securities 
530,238,157 
AU000000NCK1 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LEGH US Equity 
LEGACY HOUSING C 
Equity Securities 
530,026,070 
US52472M1018 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RGP US Equity 
RESOURCES CONNEC 
Equity Securities 
529,989,289 
US76122Q1058 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACHR US Equity 
ARCHER AVIATIO-A 
Equity Securities 
529,354,276 
US03945R1023 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AGX US Equity 
ARGAN INC 
Equity Securities 
528,796,301 
US04010E1091 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MTW US Equity 
MANITOWOC CO 
Equity Securities 
528,385,235 
US5635714059 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CCAP US Equity 
CRESCENT CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
528,129,838 
US2256551092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GALIM FP Equity 
GALIMMO SA 
Equity Securities 
527,990,605 
FR0000030611 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BRN AU Equity 
BRAINCHIP HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
527,949,270 
AU000000BRN8 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VAN BB Equity 
VAN DE VELDE NV 
Equity Securities 
527,330,384 
BE0003839561 
Consumer Discretionary 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
TRE SM Equity 
TECNICAS REUNIDA 
Equity Securities 
527,060,804 
ES0178165017 
Energy 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
BFLY US Equity 
BUTTERFLY NETWOR 
Equity Securities 
526,909,180 
US1241551027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ESI FP Equity 
ESI GROUP 
Equity Securities 
526,745,111 
FR0004110310 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EBF US Equity 
ENNIS INC 
Equity Securities 
526,545,669 
US2933891028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1911 HK Equity 
CHINA RENAISSANC 
Equity Securities 
526,408,229 
KYG212151016 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1809 HK Equity 
PRINX CHENGSHAN 
Equity Securities 
526,184,502 
KYG7255W1096 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1183 HK Equity 
MECOM POWER AND 
Equity Securities 
526,032,063 
KYG5960P1046 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EVLI FH Equity 
EVLI PLC-B 
Equity Securities 
525,792,421 
FI4000513437 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
FMBH US Equity 
FIRST MID BANCSH 
Equity Securities 
525,760,593 
US3208661062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1921 HK Equity 
DALIPAL HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
524,947,722 
KYG2643G1064 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MKTW US Equity 
MARKETWISE INC 
Equity Securities 
524,730,202 
US57064P1075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMAL US Equity 
AMALGAMATED FINA 
Equity Securities 
524,475,000 
US0226711010 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 205 ---
Annex I - page 95 of 162 
 
MWTR NO Equity 
MELTWATER HOLDING NV 
Equity Securities 
524,190,656 
NL00150003D3 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Oslo 
EDIT US Equity 
EDITAS MEDICINE 
Equity Securities 
523,483,727 
US28106W1036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABB AU Equity 
AUSSIE BROADBAND 
Equity Securities 
523,422,526 
AU0000106643 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AM3D GR Equity 
SLM SOLUTIONS GR 
Equity Securities 
523,234,286 
DE000A111338 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SAR GA Equity 
SARANTIS 
Equity Securities 
521,677,675 
GRS204003008 
Consumer Staples 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
BZH US Equity 
BEAZER HOMES USA 
Equity Securities 
521,621,385 
US07556Q8814 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVGW US Equity 
CALAVO GROWERS I 
Equity Securities 
521,279,380 
US1282461052 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGAS NO Equity 
AVANCE GAS HOLDING 
LTD 
Equity Securities 
521,055,616 
BMG067231032 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
BELCO NO Equity 
BELSHIPS ASA 
Equity Securities 
521,048,256 
NO0003094104 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BH US Equity 
BIGLARI HOLDIN-B 
Equity Securities 
520,730,473 
US08986R3093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BH/A US Equity 
NBHSA INC - A 
Equity Securities 
520,730,473 
US08986R4083 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LKE AU Equity 
LAKE RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
520,491,017 
AU000000LKE1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CALT IM Equity 
CALTAGIRONE SPA 
Equity Securities 
520,450,560 
IT0003127930 
Materials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SIFI RO Equity 
SIF IMOBILIARE P 
Equity Securities 
520,413,340 
CY0104062217 
N/A 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
MCFT US Equity 
MASTERCRAFT BOAT 
Equity Securities 
518,890,168 
US57637H1032 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HLVX US Equity 
HILLEVAX INC 
Equity Securities 
518,520,611 
US43157M1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALGIL FP Equity 
GROUPE GUILLIN 
Equity Securities 
518,476,559 
FR0012819381 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HVT/A US Equity 
HAVERTY FURN -A 
Equity Securities 
517,748,315 
US4195962000 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HVT US Equity 
HAVERTY FURNITUR 
Equity Securities 
517,748,315 
US4195961010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NKLA US Equity 
NIKOLA CORP 
Equity Securities 
517,738,375 
US6541101050 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DHIL US Equity 
DIAMOND HILL 
Equity Securities 
517,692,492 
US25264R2076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GEA PW Equity 
FAMUR 
Equity Securities 
517,533,997 
PLFAMUR00012 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
6633 HK Equity 
QINGCI GAMES INC 
Equity Securities 
516,963,293 
KYG7309C1096 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GOEV US Equity 
CANOO INC 
Equity Securities 
516,260,210 
US13803R1023 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPG DC Equity 
SP GROUP A/S 
Equity Securities 
515,194,066 
DK0061027356 
Materials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2001 HK Equity 
CHINA NEW HIGHER 
Equity Securities 
515,121,436 
KYG2163K1076 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
APLM US Equity 
APOLLOMICS INC 
Equity Securities 
514,699,319 
KYG0411D1079 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
WAGA FP Equity 
WAGA ENERGY SA 
Equity Securities 
514,614,961 
FR0012532810 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ILM1 GR Equity 
MEDIOS AG 
Equity Securities 
514,588,536 
DE000A1MMCC8 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HCKT US Equity 
HACKETT GROUP 
Equity Securities 
514,160,555 
US4046091090 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NFBK US Equity 
NORTHFIELD BANCO 
Equity Securities 
513,908,310 
US66611T1088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BTSB SS Equity 
BTS GROUP-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
513,512,472 
SE0000805426 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
WRLD US Equity 
WORLD ACCEPTANCE 
Equity Securities 
513,424,240 
US9814191048 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NORVA SS Equity 
NORVA24 GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
513,402,397 
SE0017084759 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2190 HK Equity 
ZYLOX-TONBRIDGE 
Equity Securities 
513,216,761 
CNE100004JD2 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SMHN GR Equity 
SUESS MICROTEC S 
Equity Securities 
512,827,811 
DE000A1K0235 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
OSUR US Equity 
ORASURE TECH 
Equity Securities 
512,423,699 
US68554V1089 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AAA FP Equity 
ALAN ALLMAN ASSO 
Equity Securities 
512,363,616 
FR0000062465 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GTX US Equity 
GARRETT MOTIO 
Equity Securities 
512,259,676 
US3665051054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1733 HK Equity 
E-COMMODITIES HO 
Equity Securities 
511,483,237 
VGG2921V1067 
Industrials 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
AV IM Equity 
ANTARES VISION SPA 
Equity Securities 
510,827,200 
IT0005366601 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1813 HK Equity 
KWG GROUP HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
509,572,648 
KYG532241042 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SRI US Equity 
STONERIDGE INC 
Equity Securities 
509,496,929 
US86183P1021 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BWO NO Equity 
BW OFFSHORE LTD 
Equity Securities 
509,349,120 
BMG1738J1247 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
CCC PW Equity 
CCC SA 
Equity Securities 
507,760,142 
PLCCC0000016 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SCWO US Equity 
374WATER INC 
Equity Securities 
506,831,870 
US88583P1049 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VESTUM SS Equity 
VESTUM AB 
Equity Securities 
505,857,422 
SE0017134125 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 206 ---
Annex I - page 96 of 162 
 
1709 HK Equity 
DL HOLDINGS GROU 
Equity Securities 
505,649,875 
KYG3166D1088 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EZPW US Equity 
EZCORP INC-A 
Equity Securities 
504,754,670 
US3023011063 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPKSJF DC Equity 
SPAREKASSEN SJAE 
Equity Securities 
504,625,759 
DK0060670776 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
MAF AU Equity 
MA FINANCIAL GRO 
Equity Securities 
504,580,378 
AU0000156218 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ORIA FP Equity 
FIDUCIAL REAL ES 
Equity Securities 
504,342,528 
FR0000060535 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MCR AU Equity 
MINCOR RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
504,086,332 
AU000000MCR8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ECR SM Equity 
ERCROS 
Equity Securities 
503,970,267 
ES0125140A14 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
BV US Equity 
BRIGHTVIEW HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
503,965,000 
US10948C1071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NSTC US Equity 
NORTHERN STAR-A 
Equity Securities 
503,500,000 
US66574L1008 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1729 HK Equity 
TIME INTERCONNEC 
Equity Securities 
503,227,134 
KYG8879R1048 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NPK US Equity 
NATL PRESTO INDS 
Equity Securities 
503,101,997 
US6372151042 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TISG IM Equity 
ITALIAN SEA GROUP 
SPA/THE 
Equity Securities 
502,873,824 
IT0005439085 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BDB IM Equity 
BANCO DESIO E DELLA 
BRIANZA 
Equity Securities 
502,575,424 
IT0001041000 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
REX US Equity 
REX AMERICAN RES 
Equity Securities 
501,528,148 
US7616241052 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CAPMAN FH Equity 
CAPMAN OYJ-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
501,359,428 
FI0009009377 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1205 HK Equity 
CITIC RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
500,498,566 
BMG2155Y1075 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1681 HK Equity 
CONSUN PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
499,611,906 
KYG2524A1031 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AXW FP Equity 
AXWAY SOFTWARE S 
Equity Securities 
499,508,919 
FR0011040500 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CERS US Equity 
CERUS CORP 
Equity Securities 
499,106,220 
US1570851014 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MBAC US Equity 
M3-BRIGADE ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
499,000,000 
US5538001034 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABVX FP Equity 
ABIVAX SA 
Equity Securities 
498,947,134 
FR0012333284 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BVB GR Equity 
BORUSSIA DORTMUN 
Equity Securities 
498,874,428 
DE0005493092 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BANL US Equity 
CBL INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
498,750,000 
KYG1991X1097 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1003 HK Equity 
HUANXI MEDIA GR 
Equity Securities 
498,404,507 
BMG4643J1062 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SIG AU Equity 
SIGMA HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
497,838,736 
AU000000SIG5 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SOR NO Equity 
SPAREBANKEN SOR 
Equity Securities 
497,794,848 
NO0006001502 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
NGMS US Equity 
NEOGAMES SA 
Equity Securities 
496,876,010 
LU2263803020 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NASDAQ 
IRMD US Equity 
IRADIMED CORP 
Equity Securities 
496,803,515 
US46266A1097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GATO US Equity 
GATOS SILVER INC 
Equity Securities 
496,584,761 
US3680361090 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RRC RO Equity 
ROMPETROL RAFINA 
Equity Securities 
496,168,789 
ROPTRMACNOR5 
Energy 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
ATRO US Equity 
ASTRONICS CORP 
Equity Securities 
495,757,256 
US0464331083 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CLASB SS Equity 
CLAS OHLSON-B SH 
Equity Securities 
495,231,077 
SE0000584948 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
8083 HK Equity 
CHINA YOUZAN LTD 
Equity Securities 
495,161,288 
BMG2164J1099 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
MSB AU Equity 
MESOBLAST LTD 
Equity Securities 
494,903,192 
AU000000MSB8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
QAL AU Equity 
QUALITAS LTD 
Equity Securities 
494,875,499 
AU0000195265 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
289 HK Equity 
WING ON CO 
Equity Securities 
492,921,236 
BMG970561087 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SFIX US Equity 
STITCH FIX INC-A 
Equity Securities 
492,782,565 
US8608971078 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FNKO US Equity 
FUNKO INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
492,569,756 
US3610081057 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KPTI US Equity 
KARYOPHARM THERA 
Equity Securities 
492,290,499 
US48576U1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RWAY US Equity 
RUNWAY GROWTH FI 
Equity Securities 
492,187,618 
US78163D1000 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PGC US Equity 
PEAPACK GLADSTON 
Equity Securities 
491,830,514 
US7046991078 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MATAS DC Equity 
MATAS A/S 
Equity Securities 
491,684,583 
DK0060497295 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
RING NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 RINGERIKE 
HADELA 
Equity Securities 
491,304,608 
NO0006390400 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CATC US Equity 
CAMBRIDGE BNCRP 
Equity Securities 
491,273,714 
US1321521098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HEBAB SS Equity 
HEBA FASTIGHET-B 
Equity Securities 
491,266,659 
SE0017911480 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
709 HK Equity 
GIORDANO INTL 
Equity Securities 
490,968,582 
BMG6901M1010 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong

--- Page 207 ---
Annex I - page 97 of 162 
 
DXPE US Equity 
DXP ENTERPRISES 
Equity Securities 
490,884,892 
US2333774071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLAKR GA Equity 
PLASTIKA KRITIS 
Equity Securities 
490,730,536 
GRS326003019 
Materials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
SMRT US Equity 
SMARTRENT INC 
Equity Securities 
490,410,729 
US83193G1076 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AGFB BB Equity 
AGFA-GEVAERT NV 
Equity Securities 
490,248,473 
BE0003755692 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
BVH US Equity 
BLUEGREEN VACATI 
Equity Securities 
490,006,639 
US0963081015 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CCN FP Equity 
CA NORMANDIE SEI 
Equity Securities 
489,456,741 
FR0000044364 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
POWL US Equity 
POWELL INDS INC 
Equity Securities 
489,364,142 
US7391281067 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TPE GR Equity 
PVA TEPLA AG 
Equity Securities 
489,282,709 
DE0007461006 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CAC US Equity 
CAMDEN NATIONAL 
Equity Securities 
488,945,107 
US1330341082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCU US Equity 
SCULPTOR CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
488,851,493 
US8112461079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VINP US Equity 
VINCI PARTNERS-A 
Equity Securities 
488,809,761 
KYG9451V1095 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
DAL IM Equity 
DATALOGIC SPA 
Equity Securities 
488,517,888 
IT0004053440 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
POSR SV Equity 
POZAVAROVALNICA 
Equity Securities 
488,471,856 
SI0021110513 
Financials 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
2482 HK Equity 
LOGORY LOGISTICS 
Equity Securities 
488,306,781 
CNE100005W08 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DWAC US Equity 
DIGITAL WORLD AC 
Equity Securities 
488,257,310 
US25400Q1058 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IDX AU Equity 
INTEGRAL DIAGNOS 
Equity Securities 
488,142,448 
AU000000IDX2 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ITOS US Equity 
ITEOS THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
487,940,678 
US46565G1040 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
B8A GR Equity 
BAVARIA INDUSTRI 
Equity Securities 
487,505,754 
DE0002605557 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PMTS US Equity 
CPI CARD GROUP I 
Equity Securities 
485,432,444 
US12634H2004 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CCBG US Equity 
CAP CITY BANK 
Equity Securities 
485,324,669 
US1396741050 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
32 HK Equity 
CROSS-HAR HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
484,263,470 
HK0032009356 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
SEAW7 NO Equity 
SEAWAY 7 ASA 
Equity Securities 
484,180,480 
NO0010893803 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
NUTX US Equity 
NUTEX HEALTH INC 
Equity Securities 
483,963,574 
US67079U1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TINC BB Equity 
TINC COMM VA 
Equity Securities 
483,779,990 
BE0974282148 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
HTBK US Equity 
HERITAGE COMMERC 
Equity Securities 
483,527,381 
US4269271098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OGN ID Equity 
ORIGIN ENTERPRIS 
Equity Securities 
483,518,407 
IE00B1WV4493 
Consumer Staples 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
3390 HK Equity 
TYCOON GROUP 
Equity Securities 
483,063,493 
KYG9143T1085 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ATCX US Equity 
ATLAS TECHNICAL 
Equity Securities 
482,998,848 
US0494301015 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PROC US Equity 
PROCAPS GROUP SA 
Equity Securities 
482,887,503 
LU2376511205 
Health Care 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NASDAQ 
AGEN US Equity 
AGENUS INC 
Equity Securities 
482,144,249 
US00847G7051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRC US Equity 
TEJON RANCH CO 
Equity Securities 
481,598,212 
US8790801091 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MAIS CZ Equity 
MAISTRA DD 
Equity Securities 
481,332,011 
HRMAISRA0007 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
UBK GR Equity 
UMWELTBANK AG 
Equity Securities 
481,167,194 
DE0005570808 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CFB US Equity 
CROSSFIRST BANKS 
Equity Securities 
481,100,469 
US22766M1099 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACCO US Equity 
ACCO BRANDS CORP 
Equity Securities 
481,068,834 
US00081T1088 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MUX GR Equity 
MUTARES SE & CO 
Equity Securities 
481,029,800 
DE000A2NB650 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
QTRX US Equity 
QUANTERIX CORP 
Equity Securities 
480,879,491 
US74766Q1013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SLPB SS Equity 
SWEDISH LOGIST-B 
Equity Securities 
480,804,769 
SE0017565476 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DGICB US Equity 
DONEGAL GROUP-B 
Equity Securities 
480,761,980 
US2577013004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DGICA US Equity 
DONEGAL GRP-CL A 
Equity Securities 
480,761,980 
US2577012014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PSAN GR Equity 
PSI SOFTWARE AG 
Equity Securities 
479,807,241 
DE000A0Z1JH9 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IGMS US Equity 
IGM BIOSCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
479,771,374 
US4495851085 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRACT FP Equity 
TERACT SA 
Equity Securities 
479,343,237 
FR001400BMH7 
N/A 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SLDP US Equity 
SOLID POWER INC 
Equity Securities 
479,081,174 
US83422N1054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRLO FP Equity 
CA LOIRE-HAUTE-L 
Equity Securities 
478,881,849 
FR0000045239 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PRT IM Equity 
ESPRINET SPA 
Equity Securities 
478,646,304 
IT0003850929 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RESURS SS Equity 
RESURS HOLDING A 
Equity Securities 
477,953,279 
SE0007665823 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IMTX US Equity 
IMMATICS NV 
Equity Securities 
477,658,455 
NL0015285941 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
2306 HK Equity 
YH ENTERTAINMENT 
Equity Securities 
477,596,964 
KYG9844S1021 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 208 ---
Annex I - page 98 of 162 
 
NSKOG NO Equity 
NORSKE SKOG ASA 
Equity Securities 
477,547,616 
NO0010861115 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
VHI US Equity 
VALHI INC 
Equity Securities 
477,357,842 
US9189052098 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CDNA US Equity 
CAREDX INC 
Equity Securities 
476,628,601 
US14167L1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EGY US Equity 
VAALCO ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
476,492,870 
US91851C2017 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GKS GR Equity 
GK SOFTWARE SE 
Equity Securities 
474,846,270 
DE0007571424 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
XANOB SS Equity 
XANO INDUSTRI -B 
Equity Securities 
474,390,683 
SE0018014151 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RBBN US Equity 
RIBBON COMMUNICA 
Equity Securities 
473,843,941 
US7625441040 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
517 HK Equity 
COSCO SHIPPING I 
Equity Securities 
473,770,445 
BMG8114Z1014 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ABUS US Equity 
ARBUTUS BIOPHARM 
Equity Securities 
473,760,692 
CA03879J1003 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
EOLS US Equity 
EVOLUS INC 
Equity Securities 
473,293,836 
US30052C1071 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YSIL SM Equity 
SILICIUS REAL ES 
Equity Securities 
473,134,464 
ES0105569000 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ACL AU Equity 
AUSTRALIAN CLINI 
Equity Securities 
472,934,644 
AU0000148496 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2GB GR Equity 
2G ENERGY AG 
Equity Securities 
472,414,451 
DE000A0HL8N9 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SGU US Equity 
STAR GROUP LP 
Equity Securities 
472,060,159 
US85512C1053 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TAL1T ET Equity 
TALLINK GRUPP 
Equity Securities 
471,728,748 
EE3100004466 
Industrials 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
EQT AU Equity 
EQT HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
471,417,651 
AU000000EQT1 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
YEPSA SM Equity 
EMPERADOR PROPER 
Equity Securities 
471,326,196 
ES0105685004 
N/A 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ALVDM FP Equity 
VOYAGEURS DU MON 
Equity Securities 
471,247,743 
FR0004045847 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
480 HK Equity 
HKR INTL LTD 
Equity Securities 
471,139,963 
KYG4520J1040 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3382 HK Equity 
TIANJIN PORT DEV 
Equity Securities 
470,681,169 
KYG886801060 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MEDI NO Equity 
MEDISTIM ASA 
Equity Securities 
470,519,552 
NO0010159684 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1848 HK Equity 
CALC 
Equity Securities 
470,324,801 
KYG211241057 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BIJ GR Equity 
BIJOU BRIGITTE 
Equity Securities 
470,234,142 
DE0005229504 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FDUS US Equity 
FIDUS INVESTMENT 
Equity Securities 
469,975,825 
US3165001070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRIFOR DC Equity 
TRIFORK HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
469,131,493 
CH1111227810 
Information Technology 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
Copenhagen 
MP1 AU Equity 
MEGAPORT LTD 
Equity Securities 
469,072,324 
AU000000MP15 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2436 HK Equity 
LX TECHNOLOGY GR 
Equity Securities 
468,917,934 
KYG570311095 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HBNC US Equity 
HORIZON BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
468,895,934 
US4404071049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
612 HK Equity 
CHINA INVESTMENT 
Equity Securities 
468,611,150 
KYG2120F1000 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TSVT US Equity 
2SEVENTY BIO 
Equity Securities 
467,768,498 
US9013841070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EPSIL GA Equity 
EPSILON NET SA 
Equity Securities 
466,793,388 
GRS498003003 
Information Technology 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
TUA AU Equity 
TUAS LTD 
Equity Securities 
466,700,272 
AU0000089724 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HCVI US Equity 
HENNESSY CAPIT-A 
Equity Securities 
466,618,897 
US42600H1086 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EVLV US Equity 
EVOLV TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
466,390,616 
US30049H1023 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCZ GR Equity 
PROCREDIT HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
466,264,005 
DE0006223407 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SGF AU Equity 
SG FLEET GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
466,105,617 
AU000000SGF1 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MYR AU Equity 
MYER HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
465,938,580 
AU000000MYR2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LIND US Equity 
LINDBLAD EXPEDIT 
Equity Securities 
465,920,301 
US5352191093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EHE AU Equity 
ESTIA HEALTH LTD 
Equity Securities 
464,882,449 
AU000000EHE2 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LBC US Equity 
LUTHER BURBANK C 
Equity Securities 
464,728,738 
US5505501073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTT AU Equity 
CETTIRE LTD 
Equity Securities 
464,573,470 
AU0000122210 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SWP FP Equity 
SWORD GROUP 
Equity Securities 
464,389,972 
FR0004180578 
Information Technology 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Paris 
WGX AU Equity 
WESTGOLD RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
464,265,845 
AU000000WGX6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AD8 AU Equity 
AUDINATE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
463,850,874 
AU000000AD88 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
KFASTB SS Equity 
K-FAST HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
463,257,275 
SE0016101679 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CRTO FP Equity 
CA TOURAINE POIT 
Equity Securities 
462,776,933 
FR0000045304 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AMBI US Equity 
AMBIPAR EMERGENC 
Equity Securities 
462,672,256 
KYG025321020 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
HARVIA FH Equity 
HARVIA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
462,514,085 
FI4000306873 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AAC FP Equity 
ACCOR ACQUI-CL B 
Equity Securities 
462,380,024 
FR0014003PZ3 
N/A 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 209 ---
Annex I - page 99 of 162 
 
LEU US Equity 
CENTRUS ENERGY-A 
Equity Securities 
462,001,980 
US15643U1043 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVLG US Equity 
COVENANT LOGISTI 
Equity Securities 
461,938,949 
US22284P1057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YMHRE SM Equity 
MILLENIUM HOSPIT 
Equity Securities 
461,831,327 
ES0105407003 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ADMIE GA Equity 
HOLDING CO ADMIE 
Equity Securities 
461,702,023 
GRS518003009 
Utilities 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
CIR IM Equity 
CIR SPA-COMPAGNIE 
INDUSTRIAL 
Equity Securities 
461,508,384 
IT0000070786 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
6889 HK Equity 
DYNAM JAPAN 
Equity Securities 
461,327,513 
JP3491910000 
Consumer Discretionary 
Japan 
Japan 
Hong Kong 
MBWM US Equity 
MERCANTILE BANK 
Equity Securities 
460,978,984 
US5873761044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RBO FP Equity 
ROCHE BOBOIS SAS 
Equity Securities 
460,736,690 
FR0013344173 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CECO US Equity 
CECO ENVIRONMNTL 
Equity Securities 
460,538,904 
US1251411013 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HIFS US Equity 
HINGHAM INST SVG 
Equity Securities 
459,973,080 
US4333231029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NSTG US Equity 
NANOSTRING TECHN 
Equity Securities 
459,955,795 
US63009R1095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
816 HK Equity 
JINMAO PROPERTY 
Equity Securities 
459,587,283 
HK0000827664 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
258 HK Equity 
TOMSON GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
459,493,253 
KYG8917R1083 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9983 HK Equity 
CENTRAL CHINA NE 
Equity Securities 
459,369,855 
KYG206AA1025 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RIC AU Equity 
RIDLEY CORP 
Equity Securities 
459,049,108 
AU000000RIC6 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
9909 HK Equity 
POWERLONG COMMER 
Equity Securities 
458,635,155 
KYG7204G1064 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2552 HK Equity 
HUA MEDICINE 
Equity Securities 
458,554,055 
KYG4644K1022 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BBAI US Equity 
BIGBEAR.AI HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
458,498,787 
US08975B1098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FG SS Equity 
FASADGRUPPEN GRO 
Equity Securities 
458,313,253 
SE0015195771 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
GCO US Equity 
GENESCO INC 
Equity Securities 
457,851,839 
US3715321028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FARO US Equity 
FARO TECH 
Equity Securities 
457,301,863 
US3116421021 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IDIP FP Equity 
IDI 
Equity Securities 
457,094,870 
FR0000051393 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ALNT SM Equity 
ALANTRA PARTNERS 
Equity Securities 
456,650,230 
ES0126501131 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
6610 HK Equity 
FLOWING CLOUD TE 
Equity Securities 
456,540,861 
KYG3670B1014 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SB US Equity 
SAFE BULKERS INC 
Equity Securities 
456,493,924 
MHY7388L1039 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
BLNK US Equity 
BLINK CHARGING C 
Equity Securities 
456,355,680 
US09354A1007 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1382 HK Equity 
PACIFIC TEXTILE 
Equity Securities 
455,756,563 
KYG686121032 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MPX US Equity 
MARINE PRODUCTS 
Equity Securities 
455,610,480 
US5684271084 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OBL AU Equity 
OMNI BRIDGEWAY L 
Equity Securities 
454,948,376 
AU0000082489 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LXRX US Equity 
LEXICON PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
454,829,041 
US5288723027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMBM US Equity 
CAMBIUM NETWORKS 
Equity Securities 
454,371,587 
KYG177661090 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
GREEN SS Equity 
GREEN LANDSCAPIN 
Equity Securities 
454,191,476 
SE0010985028 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ARIS US Equity 
ARIS WATER SOL-A 
Equity Securities 
454,109,901 
US04041L1061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VBGB SS Equity 
VBG GROUP AB-B 
Equity Securities 
453,905,318 
SE0000115107 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ICNC US Equity 
ICONIC SPORTS-A 
Equity Securities 
453,675,000 
KYG4712C1078 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
GAIN US Equity 
GLADSTONE INVEST 
Equity Securities 
453,656,377 
US3765461070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JCQ FP Equity 
JACQUET METALS S 
Equity Securities 
453,617,931 
FR0000033904 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ETTE FH Equity 
ETTEPLAN OYJ 
Equity Securities 
453,030,229 
FI0009008650 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MUX US Equity 
MCEWEN MINING IN 
Equity Securities 
452,933,427 
US58039P3055 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRSN US Equity 
MERSANA THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
452,637,657 
US59045L1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MSBI US Equity 
MIDLAND STATES B 
Equity Securities 
452,622,236 
US5977421057 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COOK US Equity 
TRAEGER INC 
Equity Securities 
452,545,272 
US89269P1030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REITIR IR Equity 
REITIR FASTEIGNAFELAG 
HF 
Equity Securities 
451,959,872 
IS0000020352 
Real Estate 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
R4 SM Equity 
RENTA 4 BANCO SA 
Equity Securities 
451,895,968 
ES0173358039 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
NVM GR Equity 
NOVEM GROUP SA 
Equity Securities 
451,354,728 
LU2356314745 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
BFAC US Equity 
BATTERY FUTURE-A 
Equity Securities 
451,087,500 
KYG0888J1085 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
TILE US Equity 
INTERFACE INC 
Equity Securities 
451,021,709 
US4586653044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 210 ---
Annex I - page 100 of 162 
 
CPAA US Equity 
CONYERS PARK I-A 
Equity Securities 
450,712,500 
US21289P1021 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1596 HK Equity 
HEBEI YICHEN I-H 
Equity Securities 
450,641,372 
CNE100002B30 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
VALU US Equity 
VALUE LINE INC 
Equity Securities 
449,856,163 
US9204371002 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EVTL US Equity 
VERTICAL AEROSPA 
Equity Securities 
449,843,144 
KYG9471C1078 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
RAIVV FH Equity 
RAISIO OYJ-V 
Equity Securities 
449,817,288 
FI0009002943 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
RAIKV FH Equity 
RAISIO PLC-K 
Equity Securities 
449,817,288 
FI0009800395 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
FQT AV Equity 
FREQUENTIS AG 
Equity Securities 
449,721,837 
ATFREQUENT09 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
SIOFF NO Equity 
SIEM OFFSHORE INC 
Equity Securities 
448,991,104 
KYG812291253 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Oslo 
FESTI IR Equity 
FESTI HF 
Equity Securities 
448,652,192 
IS0000020584 
Consumer Discretionary 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
CNDB US Equity 
CONCORD ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
448,500,000 
US20607V1061 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
678 HK Equity 
GENTING HONG KON 
Equity Securities 
448,443,106 
BMG3924T1062 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PSPC US Equity 
POST HOLDINGS PA 
Equity Securities 
448,340,100 
US7374651047 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3813 HK Equity 
POU SHENG INTL 
Equity Securities 
447,811,902 
BMG7208D1092 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
GCC NO Equity 
GRAM CAR CARRIERS 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
447,553,408 
NO0011109563 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
568 HK Equity 
SHANDONG MOLON-H 
Equity Securities 
446,934,153 
CNE1000001N1 
Energy 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SHLF NO Equity 
SHELF DRILLING LTD 
Equity Securities 
446,744,512 
KYG236271055 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Oslo 
MDM FP Equity 
MAISONS DU MONDE 
Equity Securities 
446,382,801 
FR0013153541 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BELFA US Equity 
BEL FUSE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
445,975,266 
US0773472016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BELFB US Equity 
BEL FUSE INC-B 
Equity Securities 
445,975,266 
US0773473006 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3883 HK Equity 
CHINA AOYUAN GRO 
Equity Securities 
445,785,845 
KYG2119Z1090 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MTVC US Equity 
MOTIVE CAPI-CL A 
Equity Securities 
445,493,644 
KYG6293R1065 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
CPF US Equity 
CENTRAL PACIFIC 
Equity Securities 
445,263,308 
US1547604090 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KBAL US Equity 
KIMBALL INTL -B 
Equity Securities 
444,955,349 
US4942741038 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SGHT US Equity 
SIGHT SCIENCES I 
Equity Securities 
444,491,396 
US82657M1053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CUTR US Equity 
CUTERA INC 
Equity Securities 
443,852,870 
US2321091082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TKM1T ET Equity 
TALLINNA KAUBAMA 
Equity Securities 
443,339,362 
EE0000001105 
Consumer Staples 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
6989 HK Equity 
EXCELLENCE COMME 
Equity Securities 
443,061,937 
KYG3235S1021 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RONI US Equity 
RICE ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
442,919,425 
KYG755291005 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SAB1L LH Equity 
SIAULIU BANKAS 
Equity Securities 
442,574,254 
LT0000102253 
Financials 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
CCB US Equity 
COASTAL FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
441,993,298 
US19046P2092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRIN US Equity 
TRINITY CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
441,758,278 
US8964423086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ITRN US Equity 
ITURAN LOCATION 
Equity Securities 
441,622,920 
IL0010818685 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
2199 HK Equity 
REGINA MIRACLE I 
Equity Securities 
441,359,457 
KYG748071019 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
511 HK Equity 
TVB 
Equity Securities 
441,353,406 
HK0000139300 
Communication Services 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
NFYS US Equity 
ENPHYS ACQU CORP 
Equity Securities 
441,168,750 
KYG3167L1095 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SFA BU Equity 
SOPHARMA AD 
Equity Securities 
441,016,224 
BG11SOSOBT18 
Health Care 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
TROO US Equity 
TROOPS INC 
Equity Securities 
440,935,311 
KYG9094C1042 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ALTG US Equity 
ALTA EQUIPMENT G 
Equity Securities 
440,853,685 
US02128L1061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RCS IM Equity 
RCS MEDIAGROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
440,773,952 
IT0004931496 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
WVE US Equity 
WAVE LIFE SCIENC 
Equity Securities 
440,490,750 
SG9999014716 
Health Care 
Singapore 
Singapore 
NASDAQ 
TIOA US Equity 
TIO TECH A- A 
Equity Securities 
440,306,250 
KYG8T10C1061 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TRTL US Equity 
TORTOISEECOFIN A 
Equity Securities 
440,306,250 
KYG8956E1098 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
1599 HK Equity 
BEIJING URBAN-H 
Equity Securities 
439,826,660 
CNE100001SV1 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ERAS US Equity 
ERASCA INC 
Equity Securities 
439,719,827 
US29479A1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DUNI SS Equity 
DUNI AB A 
Equity Securities 
439,528,492 
SE0000616716 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
NEGG US Equity 
NEWEGG COMMERCE 
Equity Securities 
439,061,220 
VGG6483G1000 
Consumer Discretionary 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
732 HK Equity 
TRULY INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
438,936,163 
KYG910191363 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LAT1V FH Equity 
LASSILA & TIKAN 
Equity Securities 
438,578,119 
FI0009010854 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki

--- Page 211 ---
Annex I - page 101 of 162 
 
SWM AU Equity 
SEVEN WEST MEDIA 
Equity Securities 
438,474,446 
AU000000SWM4 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ZT US Equity 
ZIMMER ENERGY TR 
Equity Securities 
438,150,000 
US9895701061 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OABI US Equity 
OMNIAB INC 
Equity Securities 
438,065,331 
US68218J1034 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZYXI US Equity 
ZYNEX INC 
Equity Securities 
437,400,456 
US98986M1036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LQDA US Equity 
LIQUIDIA CORP 
Equity Securities 
437,293,003 
US53635D2027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACRO US Equity 
ACROPOLIS INF- A 
Equity Securities 
436,856,250 
US0050291030 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADV US Equity 
ADVANTAGE SOLUTI 
Equity Securities 
436,799,652 
US00791N1028 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PNTM US Equity 
PONTEM CORP-CL A 
Equity Securities 
436,758,105 
KYG717071065 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
DSX US Equity 
DIANA SHIPPING I 
Equity Securities 
436,545,757 
MHY2066G1044 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
ISLAX NO Equity 
ICELANDIC SALMON AS 
Equity Securities 
436,513,024 
NO0010724701 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
INF FP Equity 
INFOTEL 
Equity Securities 
436,387,291 
FR0000071797 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
606 HK Equity 
SCE INTELLIGENT 
Equity Securities 
436,374,999 
KYG7849R1039 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MEKKO FH Equity 
MARIMEKKO OYJ 
Equity Securities 
435,764,167 
FI0009007660 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MLCVG FP Equity 
TRAMWAYS VAR GAR 
Equity Securities 
435,352,506 
FR0000051567 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
29M AU Equity 
29METALS LTD 
Equity Securities 
435,308,952 
AU0000157067 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PHAT US Equity 
PHATHOM PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
435,157,780 
US71722W1071 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3393 HK Equity 
WASION HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
435,147,885 
KYG9463P1081 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MEKA US Equity 
MELI KASZEK PI-A 
Equity Securities 
435,046,610 
KYG5S74L1067 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SUAC US Equity 
SHOULDERUP TEC-A 
Equity Securities 
434,720,000 
US82537G1040 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TLG AU Equity 
TALGA GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
434,622,966 
AU000000TLG7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FMNB US Equity 
FARMERS NATL BAN 
Equity Securities 
434,464,651 
US3096271073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1AT PW Equity 
ATAL SA 
Equity Securities 
433,975,013 
PLATAL000046 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
BTMD US Equity 
BIOTE CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
433,482,754 
US0906831039 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LITT US Equity 
LOGISTICS INN-A 
Equity Securities 
433,364,182 
US54141L1008 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COG PW Equity 
COGNOR 
Equity Securities 
433,081,551 
PLCNTSL00014 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ATRY SM Equity 
ATRYS HEALTH SA 
Equity Securities 
432,971,363 
ES0105148003 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LOVE US Equity 
LOVESAC CO/THE 
Equity Securities 
432,921,675 
US54738L1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENENTO FH Equity 
ENENTO GROUP OYJ 
Equity Securities 
432,863,174 
FI4000123195 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
OTS AV Equity 
OTTAKRINGER GETR 
Equity Securities 
432,480,299 
AT0000758008 
Consumer Staples 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
AMSWA US Equity 
AMER SOFTWARE-A 
Equity Securities 
432,376,960 
US0296831094 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NESR US Equity 
NATIONAL ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
431,225,029 
VGG6375R1073 
Energy 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
LKPG SV Equity 
LUKA KOPER 
Equity Securities 
431,003,984 
SI0031101346 
Industrials 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
EGHT US Equity 
8X8 INC 
Equity Securities 
430,712,975 
US2829141009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SKYT US Equity 
SKYWATER TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
430,276,301 
US83089J1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TLGO SM Equity 
TALGO SA 
Equity Securities 
430,248,064 
ES0105065009 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
105 HK Equity 
ASSOC INTL HOTEL 
Equity Securities 
429,712,493 
HK0105000613 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
26 HK Equity 
CHINA MOTOR BUS 
Equity Securities 
429,703,037 
HK0026000205 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HAW GR Equity 
HAWESKO HLDG SE 
Equity Securities 
429,660,429 
DE0006042708 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SIGA US Equity 
SIGA TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
429,596,956 
US8269171067 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BON FP Equity 
BONDUELLE SCA 
Equity Securities 
428,369,100 
FR0000063935 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
IBEX US Equity 
IBEX LTD 
Equity Securities 
428,098,057 
BMG4690M1010 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
CNSL US Equity 
CONSOLIDATED COM 
Equity Securities 
427,757,411 
US2090341072 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
D77 GR Equity 
NEON EQUITY AG 
Equity Securities 
427,140,308 
DE000A3DW408 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GOFORE FH Equity 
GOFORE OYJ 
Equity Securities 
427,098,423 
FI4000283130 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
2187 HK Equity 
ZHIXIN GROUP HOL 
Equity Securities 
426,889,527 
KYG989A41070 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AXGN US Equity 
AXOGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
426,445,199 
US05463X1063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HCI US Equity 
HCI GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
426,318,932 
US40416E1038 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2137 HK Equity 
BRII BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
426,305,350 
KYG1645A1094 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TSM1T ET Equity 
TALLINNA SADAM A 
Equity Securities 
425,656,016 
EE3100021635 
Industrials 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn

--- Page 212 ---
Annex I - page 102 of 162 
 
CPSI US Equity 
COMPUTER PROGRAM 
Equity Securities 
425,298,983 
US2053061030 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VLD US Equity 
VELO3D INC 
Equity Securities 
425,190,738 
US92259N1046 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1725 HK Equity 
HONG KONG AEROSP 
Equity Securities 
425,126,447 
KYG4585K1031 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GREENH DC Equity 
GREEN HYDROGEN S 
Equity Securities 
424,660,525 
DK0061540341 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
TNOM FH Equity 
TALENOM OYJ 
Equity Securities 
424,597,296 
FI4000153580 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
TPVG US Equity 
TRIPLEPOINT VENT 
Equity Securities 
424,530,068 
US89677Y1001 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1463 HK Equity 
C-LINK SQUARED 
Equity Securities 
423,954,458 
KYG2R22M1055 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NEDAP NA Equity 
NEDAP N.V. 
Equity Securities 
423,870,639 
NL0000371243 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
CBRAIN DC Equity 
CBRAIN A/S 
Equity Securities 
423,842,613 
DK0060030286 
Information Technology 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
HYL BB Equity 
HYLORIS PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
423,313,138 
BE0974363955 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
HA US Equity 
HAWAIIAN HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
423,200,640 
US4198791018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
693 HK Equity 
TAN CHONG INTL 
Equity Securities 
423,185,002 
BMG8667Z1023 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
2225 HK Equity 
JINHAI INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
423,062,727 
KYG5140Y1089 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
THFF US Equity 
FIRST FIN COR/IN 
Equity Securities 
422,788,716 
US3202181000 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INR AU Equity 
IONEER LTD 
Equity Securities 
422,647,299 
AU0000028946 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VCXB US Equity 
10X CAPITAL VE-A 
Equity Securities 
422,641,310 
KYG870771063 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
ONTF US Equity 
ON24 INC 
Equity Securities 
421,655,047 
US68339B1044 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LXFR US Equity 
LUXFER HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
421,262,978 
GB00BNK03D49 
Industrials 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
New York 
H2O GR Equity 
ENAPTER AG 
Equity Securities 
420,107,664 
DE000A255G02 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ALCRB FP Equity 
CARBIOS 
Equity Securities 
419,967,702 
FR0011648716 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AC5 IM Equity 
ACINQUE SPA 
Equity Securities 
419,944,832 
IT0001382024 
Utilities 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
LASR US Equity 
NLIGHT INC 
Equity Securities 
419,938,245 
US65487K1007 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ULTI NO Equity 
ULTIMOVACS ASA 
Equity Securities 
419,630,656 
NO0010851603 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CSV US Equity 
CARRIAGE SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
419,617,756 
US1439051079 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GHRS US Equity 
GH RESEARCH PLC 
Equity Securities 
419,288,043 
IE000GID8VI0 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
AVTE US Equity 
AEROVATE THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
419,081,740 
US0080641071 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BWMX US Equity 
BETTERWARE DE ME 
Equity Securities 
418,691,646 
MX00BW020002 
Consumer Discretionary 
Mexico 
Mexico 
NASDAQ 
GNE US Equity 
GENIE ENERGY-B 
Equity Securities 
418,290,150 
US3722842081 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LLL AU Equity 
LEO LITHIUM LTD 
Equity Securities 
418,115,159 
AU0000221251 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HTG GR Equity 
HOMETOGO SE 
Equity Securities 
417,970,023 
LU2290523658 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
CEVI SS Equity 
CELLAVISION AB 
Equity Securities 
417,937,203 
SE0000683484 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1785 HK Equity 
CHENGDU EXPRES-H 
Equity Securities 
417,722,781 
CNE100003FL5 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PERR FP Equity 
PERRIER INDUS 
Equity Securities 
417,626,312 
FR0000061459 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
IRON US Equity 
DISC MEDICINE IN 
Equity Securities 
417,006,649 
US2546041011 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DNMR US Equity 
DANIMER SCIENTIF 
Equity Securities 
416,927,958 
US2362721001 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ANORA FH Equity 
ANORA GROUP OYJ 
Equity Securities 
416,683,910 
FI4000292438 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CRI FP Equity 
CHARGEURS SA 
Equity Securities 
416,579,059 
FR0000130692 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SRRK US Equity 
SCHOLAR ROCK HOL 
Equity Securities 
416,400,427 
US80706P1030 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMWB US Equity 
SIMILARWEB LTD 
Equity Securities 
416,276,981 
IL0011751653 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
XPER US Equity 
XPERI INC 
Equity Securities 
416,216,605 
US98423J1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
REG AU Equity 
REGIS HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
416,181,217 
AU000000REG6 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MGX AU Equity 
MOUNT GIBSON IRO 
Equity Securities 
415,834,187 
AU000000MGX7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1SLP401E SK Equity 
ALLIANZ-SLOVENSK 
Equity Securities 
415,610,985 
SK1110004407 
Financials 
Slovakia 
Slovakia 
Bratislava 
ASPN US Equity 
ASPEN AEROGELS I 
Equity Securities 
414,809,427 
US04523Y1055 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DESP US Equity 
DESPEGAR.COM COR 
Equity Securities 
414,651,720 
VGG273581030 
Consumer Discretionary 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
New York 
975 HK Equity 
MONGOL MINING 
Equity Securities 
414,340,013 
KYG6264V1361 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BSS IM Equity 
BIESSE SPA 
Equity Securities 
414,197,920 
IT0003097257 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
3833 HK Equity 
XINXIN MINING-H 
Equity Securities 
413,852,418 
CNE1000007G2 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ATLC US Equity 
ATLANTICUS HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
413,839,752 
US04914Y1029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 213 ---
Annex I - page 103 of 162 
 
TRACB SS Equity 
TRACTION-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
413,435,536 
SE0000391716 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MITK US Equity 
MITEK SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
413,293,968 
US6067102003 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
989 HK Equity 
HUA YIN INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
412,952,720 
BMG464011086 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AMRX US Equity 
AMNEAL PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
412,920,099 
US03168L1052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
THRX US Equity 
THESEUS PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
412,669,777 
US88369M1018 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
662 HK Equity 
ASIA FINAN HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
412,553,629 
BMG0532X1074 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
LQDT US Equity 
LIQUIDITY SERVIC 
Equity Securities 
412,030,508 
US53635B1070 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KVSA US Equity 
KHOSLA VENTURES 
Equity Securities 
411,783,300 
US4825041076 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SLAM US Equity 
SLAM CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
411,397,289 
KYG8210L1059 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
LUNG US Equity 
PULMONX CORP 
Equity Securities 
411,156,862 
US7458481014 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLMI US Equity 
PLUM ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
410,991,043 
KYG7134L1260 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CTLP US Equity 
CANTALOUPE INC 
Equity Securities 
410,865,034 
US1381031061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTI US Equity 
TETRA TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
410,051,724 
US88162F1057 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ASB AU Equity 
AUSTAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
409,972,695 
AU000000ASB3 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OPY US Equity 
OPPENHEIMER HO-A 
Equity Securities 
409,845,158 
US6837971042 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TCMD US Equity 
TACTILE SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
409,744,628 
US87357P1003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INS GR Equity 
INSTONE REAL EST 
Equity Securities 
409,692,931 
DE000A2NBX80 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MX US Equity 
MAGNACHIP SEMICO 
Equity Securities 
409,247,584 
US55933J2033 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GSRM US Equity 
GSR II METEORA-A 
Equity Securities 
409,148,438 
US36263W1053 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRD/A US Equity 
CRAWFORD & CO-A 
Equity Securities 
408,354,274 
US2246332066 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRD/B US Equity 
CRAWFORD & CO-B 
Equity Securities 
408,354,274 
US2246331076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OCUL US Equity 
OCULAR THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
407,698,045 
US67576A1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TEL RO Equity 
TRANSELECTRICA S 
Equity Securities 
407,565,741 
ROTSELACNOR9 
Utilities 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
HCMA US Equity 
HCM ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
407,531,250 
KYG4365A1013 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
DUST SS Equity 
DUSTIN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
406,792,190 
SE0006625471 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1708 HK Equity 
NANJING SAMPLE-H 
Equity Securities 
406,628,855 
CNE100000148 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ABCA FP Equity 
ABC ARBITRAGE 
Equity Securities 
406,384,718 
FR0004040608 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BKKT US Equity 
BAKKT HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
406,318,789 
US05759B1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TWOU US Equity 
2U INC 
Equity Securities 
405,883,320 
US90214J1016 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANIK US Equity 
ANIKA THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
405,624,265 
US0352551081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMTI US Equity 
SANARA MEDTECH I 
Equity Securities 
405,271,181 
US79957L1008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3318 HK Equity 
CHINA BOTON GROU 
Equity Securities 
404,681,054 
KYG2152H1074 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NVEC US Equity 
NVE CORP 
Equity Securities 
404,146,903 
US6294452064 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1651 HK Equity 
PRECISION TSUGAM 
Equity Securities 
404,093,990 
KYG7215M1006 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HSB MV Equity 
HSBC BANK MALTA 
Equity Securities 
404,079,672 
MT0000030107 
Financials 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
ONEW US Equity 
ONEWATER MARINE 
Equity Securities 
404,016,265 
US68280L1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FFIC US Equity 
FLUSHING FINL 
Equity Securities 
403,107,194 
US3438731057 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2217 HK Equity 
TAM JAI INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
403,081,232 
HK0000784121 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
F3C GR Equity 
SFC ENERGY AG-BR 
Equity Securities 
402,864,712 
DE0007568578 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BFST US Equity 
BUSINESS FIRST B 
Equity Securities 
402,518,317 
US12326C1053 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HCNE US Equity 
JAWS HURRICANE-A 
Equity Securities 
402,230,469 
US47201B1035 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENTF US Equity 
ENTERPRISE 4.0 T 
Equity Securities 
402,158,140 
KYG3137C1069 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
LPSN US Equity 
LIVEPERSON INC 
Equity Securities 
402,115,701 
US5381461012 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RSVR US Equity 
RESERVOIR MEDIA 
Equity Securities 
401,763,636 
US76119X1054 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMBC US Equity 
SOUTHERN MISSOUR 
Equity Securities 
401,744,390 
US8433801060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MCBS US Equity 
METROCITY BANKSH 
Equity Securities 
401,544,490 
US59165J1051 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MGNX US Equity 
MACROGENICS INC 
Equity Securities 
401,332,287 
US5560991094 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
158 HK Equity 
MELBOURNE ENTERP 
Equity Securities 
401,284,104 
HK0158000825 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HTA AU Equity 
HUTCHISON TELECO 
Equity Securities 
400,953,624 
AU000000HTA8 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 214 ---
Annex I - page 104 of 162 
 
AKW FP Equity 
AKWEL 
Equity Securities 
399,864,104 
FR0000053027 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
108 HK Equity 
GR PROPERTIES LT 
Equity Securities 
399,417,394 
HK0108000628 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1873 HK Equity 
VIVA BIOTECH HOL 
Equity Securities 
399,337,535 
KYG9390W1015 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GARO SS Equity 
GARO AB 
Equity Securities 
399,028,958 
SE0015812417 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
OMER US Equity 
OMEROS CORP 
Equity Securities 
398,962,658 
US6821431029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RCEL US Equity 
AVITA MEDICAL IN 
Equity Securities 
398,658,958 
US05380C1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2660 HK Equity 
ZENGAME TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
398,268,781 
KYG9887S1003 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PURMO FH Equity 
PURMO GROUP OYJ 
Equity Securities 
397,954,961 
FI4000507488 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CROS CZ Equity 
CROATIA OSIGUR-A 
Equity Securities 
397,436,778 
HRCROSRA0002 
Financials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
HIPO US Equity 
HIPPO HOLDINGS I 
Equity Securities 
397,122,721 
US4335392027 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CLOV US Equity 
CLOVER HEALTH IN 
Equity Securities 
396,777,075 
US18914F1030 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TPB US Equity 
TURNING POINT BR 
Equity Securities 
396,752,861 
US90041L1052 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MVST US Equity 
MICROVAST HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
396,042,916 
US59516C1062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IHI MV Equity 
INTL HOTEL INV 
Equity Securities 
396,013,143 
MT0000110107 
Consumer Discretionary 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
PNTG US Equity 
PENNANT GROUP 
Equity Securities 
395,967,216 
US70805E1091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAI NA Equity 
BENEVOLENTAI 
Equity Securities 
395,468,806 
LU2355630455 
Health Care 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
1140 HK Equity 
WEALTHKING INVES 
Equity Securities 
395,354,822 
KYG9496A1022 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VVI US Equity 
VIAD CORP 
Equity Securities 
394,273,445 
US92552R4065 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ISPR US Equity 
ISPIRE TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
394,196,000 
US46501C1009 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CGEM US Equity 
CULLINAN ONCOLOG 
Equity Securities 
394,059,526 
US2300311063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NUVB US Equity 
NUVATION BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
393,846,700 
US67080N1019 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SNDL US Equity 
SNDL INC 
Equity Securities 
393,657,000 
CA83307B1013 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
BWMN US Equity 
BOWMAN CONSULTIN 
Equity Securities 
393,288,306 
US1030021018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SEAPT NO Equity 
SEACREST PETROLEO 
BERMUDA LT 
Equity Securities 
393,226,688 
BMG7947V2045 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
2235 HK Equity 
MICROTECH MEDI-H 
Equity Securities 
393,206,785 
CNE100004QN6 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MLR US Equity 
MILLER INDS/TENN 
Equity Securities 
393,077,532 
US6005512040 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1966 HK Equity 
CHINA SCE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
392,715,826 
KYG211901064 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RRAC US Equity 
RIGEL RESOURCE A 
Equity Securities 
392,625,000 
KYG7573M1069 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
INVZ US Equity 
INNOVIZ TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
392,489,643 
IL0011745804 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
AHRN US Equity 
AHREN ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
392,247,385 
KYG013221091 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CMPX US Equity 
COMPASS THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
392,173,166 
US20454B1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1257 HK Equity 
CHINA EVERBRIGHT 
Equity Securities 
392,165,035 
KYG2R55E1030 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RNU AU Equity 
RENASCOR RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
392,140,390 
AU000000RNU8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PPYA US Equity 
PAPAYA GROWTH -A 
Equity Securities 
391,689,722 
US69882P1021 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
382 HK Equity 
EDVANTAGE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
391,515,084 
KYG2901A1067 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DJCO US Equity 
DAILY JOURNAL 
Equity Securities 
391,488,492 
US2339121046 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PPM AU Equity 
PEPPER MONEY LTD 
Equity Securities 
391,187,890 
AU0000150898 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CIV FP Equity 
CA ILLE ET VILAI 
Equity Securities 
390,502,989 
FR0000045213 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2448 HK Equity 
SPACE GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
390,170,587 
KYG8T08B1025 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ACAB US Equity 
ATLANTIC COAST-A 
Equity Securities 
390,000,000 
US04845A1088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JUN US Equity 
JUNIPER II COR-A 
Equity Securities 
389,454,975 
US48203N1037 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SOI US Equity 
SOLARIS OIL IN-A 
Equity Securities 
389,318,213 
US83418M1036 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRLD US Equity 
PRELUDE THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
388,940,132 
US74065P1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KCC NO Equity 
KLAVENESS 
COMBINATION CARRIE 
Equity Securities 
388,870,528 
NO0010833262 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GPI IM Equity 
GPI SPA 
Equity Securities 
388,739,584 
IT0005221517 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
EGRX US Equity 
EAGLE PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
388,732,860 
US2697961082 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
METC US Equity 
RAMACO RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
388,509,169 
US75134P3038 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 215 ---
Annex I - page 105 of 162 
 
580 HK Equity 
SUN KING TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
388,376,088 
KYG857AW1047 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MCPHY FP Equity 
MCPHY ENERGY SA 
Equity Securities 
388,259,131 
FR0011742329 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AVNW US Equity 
AVIAT NETWORKS I 
Equity Securities 
387,666,779 
US05366Y2019 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MBSC US Equity 
M3-BRIGADE ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
387,375,000 
US55407R1032 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HOV US Equity 
HOVNANIAN ENT-A 
Equity Securities 
387,112,289 
US4424874018 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BOOM US Equity 
DMC GLOBAL INC 
Equity Securities 
387,065,950 
US23291C1036 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MMGRB SS Equity 
MOMENTUM GROUP K 
Equity Securities 
387,004,574 
SE0017562523 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EQBK US Equity 
EQUITY BANCSHA-A 
Equity Securities 
386,741,209 
US29460X1090 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IFM AU Equity 
INFOMEDIA LTD 
Equity Securities 
386,024,194 
AU000000IFM0 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PLCE US Equity 
CHILDRENS PLACE 
Equity Securities 
385,884,896 
US1689051076 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IGIC US Equity 
INTERNATIONAL GE 
Equity Securities 
385,864,529 
BMG4809J1062 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
MAS NO Equity 
MAASOEVAL AS 
Equity Securities 
385,735,552 
NO0010974983 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MULTI NO Equity 
MULTICONSULT ASA 
Equity Securities 
385,604,064 
NO0010734338 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
6138 HK Equity 
HARBIN BANK-H 
Equity Securities 
385,201,081 
CNE100001SB3 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GBLI US Equity 
GLOBAL INDEMNI-A 
Equity Securities 
384,772,916 
US37959R1032 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1345 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI PIONEER 
Equity Securities 
384,447,304 
KYG2162L1068 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SENEA US Equity 
SENECA FOODS-A 
Equity Securities 
384,416,731 
US8170705011 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SENEB US Equity 
SENECA FOODS-B 
Equity Securities 
384,416,731 
US8170701051 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PBY GR Equity 
PUBLITY AG 
Equity Securities 
384,381,575 
DE0006972508 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ECH PW Equity 
ECHO 
Equity Securities 
384,366,743 
PLECHPS00019 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
STP PW Equity 
STALPROD 
Equity Securities 
384,184,747 
PLSTLPD00017 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CCNE US Equity 
CNB FINL CORP/PA 
Equity Securities 
383,906,515 
US1261281075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LEV US Equity 
LION ELECTRIC CO 
Equity Securities 
383,820,733 
CA5362211040 
Industrials 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
MVIS US Equity 
MICROVISION INC 
Equity Securities 
383,753,978 
US5949603048 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CHAA US Equity 
CATCHA INVEST-A 
Equity Securities 
383,250,000 
KYG1962Y1026 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
HTBI US Equity 
HOMETRUST BANCSH 
Equity Securities 
383,160,956 
US4378721041 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LGD1L LH Equity 
LITGRID AB 
Equity Securities 
382,613,509 
LT0000128415 
Utilities 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
ASB PW Equity 
ASBIS 
Equity Securities 
382,486,473 
CY1000031710 
Information Technology 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Warsaw 
FCBC US Equity 
FIRST COMMUNI BK 
Equity Securities 
382,344,025 
US31983A1034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NIR US Equity 
NEAR INTELLIGENC 
Equity Securities 
382,182,965 
US6394941032 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SOAG NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 OSTFOLD 
AKERSHUS 
Equity Securities 
381,920,928 
NO0010285562 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
RPTX US Equity 
REPARE THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
381,646,517 
US7602731025 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
BBW US Equity 
BUILD-A-BEAR WOR 
Equity Securities 
381,608,786 
US1200761047 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SMBK US Equity 
SMARTFINANCIAL I 
Equity Securities 
381,401,784 
US83190L2088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MPB US Equity 
MID PENN BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
381,108,571 
US59540G1076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RXT US Equity 
RACKSPACE TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
380,992,813 
US7501021056 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AQZ AU Equity 
ALLIANCE AVIATIO 
Equity Securities 
380,947,988 
AU000000AQZ6 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TLSG SV Equity 
TELEKOM SLOVEN 
Equity Securities 
380,845,163 
SI0031104290 
Communication Services 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
MCAP SS Equity 
MEDCAP AB 
Equity Securities 
380,308,662 
SE0009160872 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SLND US Equity 
SOUTHLAND HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
380,131,033 
US84445C1009 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CEA GR Equity 
FRIWO AG 
Equity Securities 
379,988,987 
DE0006201106 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BHB US Equity 
BAR HARBOR BNKSH 
Equity Securities 
379,472,476 
US0668491006 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GOGN US Equity 
GOGREEN INVESTME 
Equity Securities 
379,134,300 
KYG9461B1014 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
HDSN US Equity 
HUDSON TECH 
Equity Securities 
378,496,248 
US4441441098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ARAMI FP Equity 
ARAMIS GROUP SAS 
Equity Securities 
378,394,861 
FR0014003U94 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2322 HK Equity 
HONG KONG CHAOSH 
Equity Securities 
377,945,208 
BMG4584L1028 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PWUP US Equity 
POWERUP ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
377,757,031 
KYG7207P1037 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
MDXG US Equity 
MIMEDX GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
377,615,048 
US6024961012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 216 ---
Annex I - page 106 of 162 
 
GLDD US Equity 
GREAT LAKES DRED 
Equity Securities 
377,437,695 
US3906071093 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FOA US Equity 
FINANCE OF AME-A 
Equity Securities 
377,026,025 
US31738L1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CBO AU Equity 
COBRAM ESTATE OL 
Equity Securities 
376,852,666 
AU0000167066 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DECB BB Equity 
DECEUNINCK NV 
Equity Securities 
376,844,383 
BE0003789063 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
LNA FP Equity 
LNA SANTE 
Equity Securities 
376,800,079 
FR0004170017 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PACK US Equity 
RANPAK HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
376,520,966 
US75321W1036 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KOEI CZ Equity 
KONCAR-ELEKTOIN 
Equity Securities 
376,129,950 
HRKOEIRA0009 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
AROW US Equity 
ARROW FINL CORP 
Equity Securities 
375,895,920 
US0427441029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TNGX US Equity 
TANGO THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
375,746,816 
US87583X1090 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BICO SS Equity 
BICO GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
375,345,259 
SE0013647385 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
607 HK Equity 
FULLSHARE 
Equity Securities 
375,173,432 
KYG3690U1058 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RED AU Equity 
RED 5 LTD 
Equity Securities 
375,036,162 
AU000000RED3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PSG GR Equity 
PHARMASGP HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
374,709,586 
DE000A2P4LJ5 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TELL GA Equity 
BANK GREECE 
Equity Securities 
374,580,719 
GRS004013009 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
IXX GR Equity 
TRAFFIC SYSTEMS 
Equity Securities 
374,221,408 
DE0005759807 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1672 HK Equity 
ASCLETIS PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
372,538,573 
KYG0520K1094 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AGY AU Equity 
ARGOSY MINERALS 
Equity Securities 
372,453,086 
AU000000AGY0 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BBCP US Equity 
CONCRETE PUMPING 
Equity Securities 
372,355,173 
US2067041085 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VVY NA Equity 
VIVORYON THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
372,146,532 
NL00150002Q7 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
FPR AU Equity 
FLEETPARTNERS GR 
Equity Securities 
371,757,049 
AU0000272924 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NNOX US Equity 
NANO-X IMAGING L 
Equity Securities 
371,335,157 
IL0011681371 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
ORRON SS Equity 
ORRON ENERGY AB 
Equity Securities 
371,028,389 
SE0000825820 
Utilities 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
98 HK Equity 
XINGFA ALUMINIUM 
Equity Securities 
370,819,003 
KYG9828C1078 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IVS IM Equity 
IVS GROUP 
Equity Securities 
370,817,216 
LU0556041001 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
BorsaItaliana 
SST US Equity 
SYSTEM1 INC 
Equity Securities 
370,396,176 
US87200P1093 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XPDB US Equity 
POWER & DIGITA-A 
Equity Securities 
370,156,250 
US73919C1009 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TUB SM Equity 
TUBACEX 
Equity Securities 
370,129,752 
ES0132945017 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
APTM US Equity 
ALPHA PARTNERS T 
Equity Securities 
370,095,825 
KYG632901115 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BRS PW Equity 
BORYSZEW 
Equity Securities 
369,712,046 
PLBRSZW00011 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
PCE PW Equity 
POLICE 
Equity Securities 
369,334,249 
PLZCPLC00036 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CURV US Equity 
TORRID HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
368,476,503 
US89142B1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LAW US Equity 
CS DISCO INC 
Equity Securities 
368,007,948 
US1263271058 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KER PW Equity 
KERNEL 
Equity Securities 
367,829,552 
LU0327357389 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Warsaw 
2181 HK Equity 
MABPHARM LTD 
Equity Securities 
367,757,052 
KYG5780F1046 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GZE1R LR Equity 
LATVIJAS GAZE 
Equity Securities 
367,631,005 
LV0000100899 
Utilities 
Latvia 
Latvia 
Riga 
EWTX US Equity 
EDGEWISE THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
367,554,916 
US28036F1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATRAV FH Equity 
ATRIA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
367,403,349 
FI0009006548 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MRNS US Equity 
MARINUS PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
367,025,215 
US56854Q2003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VNDA US Equity 
VANDA PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
366,832,805 
US9216591084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LHYFE FP Equity 
LHYFE SAS 
Equity Securities 
366,032,457 
FR0014009YQ1 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SFNS LX Equity 
SOCFINASIA 
Equity Securities 
365,946,571 
LU0092047413 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NWG SS Equity 
NORDIC WATERP AB 
Equity Securities 
365,498,666 
SE0014731089 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
WE US Equity 
WEWORK INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
365,431,515 
US96209A1043 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ZAP PW Equity 
PULAWY 
Equity Securities 
365,130,697 
PLZAPUL00057 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
GHC IM Equity 
GAROFALO HEALTH CARE 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
365,090,016 
IT0005345233 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
DVL PW Equity 
DEVELIA SA 
Equity Securities 
364,894,808 
PLLCCRP00017 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
FACC AV Equity 
FACC AG 
Equity Securities 
364,505,787 
AT00000FACC2 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
RGC US Equity 
REGENCELL BIOSCI 
Equity Securities 
364,360,248 
KYG7487R1002 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ

--- Page 217 ---
Annex I - page 107 of 162 
 
11B PW Equity 
11 BIT STUDIOS S 
Equity Securities 
364,358,694 
PL11BTS00015 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
8279 HK Equity 
AGTECH HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
364,300,683 
BMG0135Z1032 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
EXE FP Equity 
EXEL INDS-A 
Equity Securities 
364,208,834 
FR0004527638 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SHV AU Equity 
SELECT HARVESTS 
Equity Securities 
364,128,970 
AU000000SHV6 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LGVC US Equity 
LAMF GLOBAL VENT 
Equity Securities 
364,071,030 
KYG5338L1086 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NETI US Equity 
ENETI INC 
Equity Securities 
364,055,861 
MHY2294C1075 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
FFWM US Equity 
FIRST FOUNDATION 
Equity Securities 
364,025,645 
US32026V1044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PPC AU Equity 
PEET LTD 
Equity Securities 
363,970,748 
AU000000PPC5 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1223 HK Equity 
SYMPHONY HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
363,731,552 
BMG5472K1898 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
OMGA US Equity 
OMEGA THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
363,601,693 
US68217N1054 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IPVI US Equity 
INTERPRIVATE -A 
Equity Securities 
363,497,031 
US46064T1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
REI US Equity 
RING ENERGY INC 
Equity Securities 
363,061,243 
US76680V1089 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1432 HK Equity 
CHINA SHENGMU OR 
Equity Securities 
363,016,148 
KYG2117U1022 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALVR US Equity 
ALLOVIR INC 
Equity Securities 
362,824,845 
US0198181036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZUMZ US Equity 
ZUMIEZ INC 
Equity Securities 
362,506,244 
US9898171015 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATEK US Equity 
ATHENA TECHNOL-A 
Equity Securities 
362,427,093 
US04687C1053 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SNL AU Equity 
SUPPLY NETWORK L 
Equity Securities 
362,425,036 
AU000000SNL5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
798 HK Equity 
CHINA ELECTRONIC 
Equity Securities 
361,841,316 
KYG2119Q1091 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BRLT US Equity 
BRILLIANT EARTH 
Equity Securities 
361,633,427 
US1095041000 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NETC US Equity 
NABORS ENERGY -A 
Equity Securities 
361,560,000 
US6295671084 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MORG NO Equity 
SPAREBANKEN MORE- 
CAP CERT 
Equity Securities 
361,346,112 
NO0012483207 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1970 HK Equity 
IMAX CHINA HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
361,227,892 
KYG476341030 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NOTE US Equity 
FISCALNOTE HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
361,154,076 
US3376551046 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LYTS US Equity 
LSI INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
361,100,491 
US50216C1080 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2237 HK Equity 
CHINA GRAPHITE G 
Equity Securities 
360,768,938 
KYG2123S1093 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KCGI US Equity 
KENSINGTON CAP-A 
Equity Securities 
360,697,500 
KYG5251K1031 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
STOK US Equity 
STOKE THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
360,686,603 
US86150R1077 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RVRC SS Equity 
RVRC HOLDING AB 
Equity Securities 
360,671,706 
SE0015962485 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EVE US Equity 
EVE MOBILITY A-A 
Equity Securities 
360,591,063 
KYG3218G1091 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
FWAC US Equity 
FIFTH WALL ACQ 
Equity Securities 
360,582,040 
KYG341421025 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
GPW PW Equity 
WARSAW STOCK EXC 
Equity Securities 
360,467,647 
PLGPW0000017 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
EBTC US Equity 
ENTERPRISE BANCO 
Equity Securities 
360,216,397 
US2936681095 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NFNT US Equity 
INFINITE AC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
360,180,000 
KYG480281073 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SOCFI LX Equity 
SOCFIN 
Equity Securities 
360,108,227 
LU0027967834 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
SPFI US Equity 
SOUTH PLAINS FIN 
Equity Securities 
359,685,057 
US83946P1075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IPI US Equity 
INTREPID POTASH 
Equity Securities 
359,635,023 
US46121Y2019 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OMH AU Equity 
OM HLDGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
359,535,993 
BMG6748X1048 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
ASE 
BMAC US Equity 
BLACK MOUNTAIN-A 
Equity Securities 
359,490,000 
US09216A1088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADER US Equity 
26 CAPITAL ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
359,218,750 
US90138P1003 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PACI US Equity 
PROOF ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
358,800,000 
US74349W1045 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IBCP US Equity 
INDEP BANK/MICH 
Equity Securities 
358,792,613 
US4538386099 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DMRC US Equity 
DIGIMARC CORP 
Equity Securities 
358,593,742 
US25381B1017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GAMB US Equity 
GAMBLING.COM GRO 
Equity Securities 
358,430,000 
JE00BL970N11 
Communication Services 
Jersey 
Jersey 
NASDAQ 
AEAE US Equity 
ALTENERGY ACQU-A 
Equity Securities 
358,110,000 
US02157M1080 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1126 HK Equity 
DREAM INTL LTD 
Equity Securities 
357,837,658 
HK1126010854 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
6188 HK Equity 
BEIJING DIGITA-H 
Equity Securities 
357,370,593 
CNE100001ST5 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
305 HK Equity 
WULING MOTORS HO 
Equity Securities 
357,130,309 
BMG9604B1090 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ANGO US Equity 
ANGIODYNAMICS IN 
Equity Securities 
356,659,076 
US03475V1017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 218 ---
Annex I - page 108 of 162 
 
PRFO SS Equity 
PROFOTO HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
356,630,617 
SE0015962147 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TRE NO Equity 
TREASURE ASA 
Equity Securities 
356,500,640 
NO0010763550 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GCBC US Equity 
GREENE COUNTY 
Equity Securities 
355,860,705 
US3943571071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IXAQ US Equity 
IX ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
355,695,000 
KYG5000D1034 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
STOCKA FH Equity 
STOCKMANN OYJ-B 
Equity Securities 
355,634,831 
FI0009000251 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AMRS US Equity 
AMYRIS INC 
Equity Securities 
355,611,640 
US03236M2008 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALREW FP Equity 
REWORLD 
Equity Securities 
355,479,531 
FR0010820274 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RMNI US Equity 
RIMINI STREET IN 
Equity Securities 
355,224,000 
US76674Q1076 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CNDA US Equity 
CONCORD ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
355,023,586 
US20607U1088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BSGR NA Equity 
B&S GROUP SARL 
Equity Securities 
354,940,605 
LU1789205884 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
CAT31 FP Equity 
CREDIT AGRICOLE 
Equity Securities 
354,813,192 
FR0000045544 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
UBS SM Equity 
URBAS GRUPO FINA 
Equity Securities 
354,547,115 
ES0182280018 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
O4B GR Equity 
OVB HOLDING AG 
Equity Securities 
354,126,613 
DE0006286560 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
3600 HK Equity 
MODERN DENTAL GR 
Equity Securities 
354,020,292 
KYG618201092 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALK AU Equity 
ALKANE RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
353,785,829 
AU000000ALK9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CLAR US Equity 
CLARUS CORP 
Equity Securities 
353,682,478 
US18270P1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATEB BB Equity 
ATENOR 
Equity Securities 
353,681,887 
BE0003837540 
Real Estate 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
JUGG US Equity 
JAWS JUGGERNAU-A 
Equity Securities 
353,625,000 
KYG507351024 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NAUT US Equity 
NAUTILUS BIOTECH 
Equity Securities 
353,371,889 
US63909J1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FFGRP GA Equity 
FF GROUP 
Equity Securities 
353,358,002 
GRS294003009 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
259 HK Equity 
YEEBO INTL HLDG 
Equity Securities 
353,170,991 
BMG9835R1051 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BLEU US Equity 
BLUEACACIA LTD-A 
Equity Securities 
352,935,000 
KYG117281058 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
UTMD US Equity 
UTAH MEDICAL PRO 
Equity Securities 
352,677,102 
US9174881089 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EMLD US Equity 
EMERALD ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
352,531,570 
US29103K1007 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JEN BB Equity 
JENSEN-GROUP NV 
Equity Securities 
352,521,396 
BE0003858751 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
SKB GR Equity 
KOENIG & BAUER 
Equity Securities 
352,510,631 
DE0007193500 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AEIN GR Equity 
ALLGEIER SE 
Equity Securities 
351,807,402 
DE000A2GS633 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
REMEDY FH Equity 
REMEDY ENTERTAIN 
Equity Securities 
351,746,392 
FI4000251897 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1272 HK Equity 
DATANG ENVIRON-H 
Equity Securities 
351,573,159 
CNE100002B63 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GREEN BB Equity 
GREENYARD NV 
Equity Securities 
351,175,610 
BE0003765790 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
6667 HK Equity 
MEGA GENOMICS LT 
Equity Securities 
351,083,894 
KYG5960G1047 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GLRE US Equity 
GREENLIGHT CAP-A 
Equity Securities 
350,978,161 
KYG4095J1094 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
RYAM US Equity 
RAYONIER ADV 
Equity Securities 
350,940,679 
US75508B1044 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WLFC US Equity 
WILLIS LEASE 
Equity Securities 
350,588,360 
US9706461053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2002 HK Equity 
CHINA SUNSHINE 
Equity Securities 
350,432,007 
KYG215A01058 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ASRT US Equity 
ASSERTIO HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
350,113,137 
US04546C2052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PFP AU Equity 
PROPEL FUNERAL P 
Equity Securities 
350,056,655 
AU000000PFP8 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VCSA US Equity 
VACASA INC -CL A 
Equity Securities 
350,022,515 
US91854V1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KME IM Equity 
KME GROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
349,892,192 
IT0004552359 
Materials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
AUDC US Equity 
AUDIOCODES LTD 
Equity Securities 
349,842,607 
IL0010829658 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
NVX AU Equity 
NOVONIX LTD 
Equity Securities 
349,777,100 
AU000000NVX4 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
331 HK Equity 
FSE LIFESTYLE SE 
Equity Securities 
349,685,994 
KYG3727N1088 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9939 HK Equity 
KINTOR PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
349,453,194 
KYG5273B1077 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VYGR US Equity 
VOYAGER THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
349,377,488 
US92915B1061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAND US Equity 
BANDWIDTH INC-A 
Equity Securities 
349,306,703 
US05988J1034 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALPN US Equity 
ALPINE IMMUNE SC 
Equity Securities 
349,102,990 
US02083G1004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BACA US Equity 
BERENSON AC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
349,033,125 
US0836901076 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HRTX US Equity 
HERON THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
348,915,026 
US4277461020 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXA FP Equity 
EXAIL TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
348,684,857 
FR0000062671 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 219 ---
Annex I - page 109 of 162 
 
1665 HK Equity 
PENTAMASTER INTE 
Equity Securities 
348,539,482 
KYG699761014 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BERGB SS Equity 
BERGMAN & BEVING 
Equity Securities 
347,770,937 
SE0000101362 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LINC SS Equity 
LINC AB 
Equity Securities 
347,424,530 
SE0015949433 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CPTK US Equity 
CROWN PROPTECH-A 
Equity Securities 
346,725,000 
KYG257411028 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
EVS BB Equity 
EVS BROADCAST EQ 
Equity Securities 
346,556,371 
BE0003820371 
Information Technology 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1231 HK Equity 
NEWTON RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
346,501,240 
KYG6525A1031 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FSBC US Equity 
FIVE STAR BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
346,386,203 
US33830T1034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FF US Equity 
FUTUREFUEL CORP 
Equity Securities 
346,167,252 
US36116M1062 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SBO NO Equity 
SELVAAG BOLIG ASA 
Equity Securities 
345,909,440 
NO0010612450 
Real Estate 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GROY US Equity 
GOLD ROYALTY COR 
Equity Securities 
345,073,977 
CA38071H1064 
Materials 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
AMBEA SS Equity 
AMBEA AB 
Equity Securities 
344,765,633 
SE0009663826 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1450 HK Equity 
CENTURY SAGE 
Equity Securities 
344,752,439 
KYG202281054 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SUR GR Equity 
SURTECO GROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
344,380,722 
DE0005176903 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MOFG US Equity 
MIDWESTONE FINAN 
Equity Securities 
344,230,137 
US5985111039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAN IM Equity 
BASICNET SPA 
Equity Securities 
344,141,408 
IT0001033700 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
DISA US Equity 
DISRUPTIVE ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
343,406,250 
KYG2770Y1026 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1899 HK Equity 
XINGDA INTL 
Equity Securities 
343,082,243 
KYG9827V1068 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GLAD US Equity 
GLADSTONE CAP CO 
Equity Securities 
342,868,554 
US3765351008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SSTI US Equity 
SOUNDTHINKING IN 
Equity Securities 
342,602,451 
US82536T1079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCPH US Equity 
SCPHARMACEUTICAL 
Equity Securities 
342,310,029 
US8106481059 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ESG NA Equity 
ESG CORE INV BV 
Equity Securities 
341,875,769 
NL00150006O3 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
PETQ US Equity 
PETIQ INC 
Equity Securities 
341,708,601 
US71639T1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2385 HK Equity 
READBOY EDUCATIO 
Equity Securities 
341,690,987 
KYG7398S1066 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DSKE US Equity 
DASEKE INC 
Equity Securities 
341,579,634 
US23753F1075 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TER AU Equity 
TERRACOM LTD 
Equity Securities 
341,483,148 
AU000000TER9 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GGAA US Equity 
GENESIS GROWTH-A 
Equity Securities 
341,389,448 
KYG3R23D1021 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
OHLA SM Equity 
OBRASCON HUARTE 
Equity Securities 
341,219,264 
ES0142090317 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ALFOC FP Equity 
FOCUS ENTERTAIN 
Equity Securities 
341,063,655 
FR0012419307 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ZURA US Equity 
ZURA BIO LTD 
Equity Securities 
341,023,628 
KYG9TY5A1016 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NR US Equity 
NEWPARK RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
340,992,006 
US6517185046 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IVCA US Equity 
INVESTCORP IND-A 
Equity Securities 
340,903,125 
KYG492191013 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
MALT FP Equity 
MALTERIES FRAN-B 
Equity Securities 
340,833,992 
FR0000030074 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
DVP AU Equity 
DEVELOP GLOBAL L 
Equity Securities 
340,274,550 
AU0000179707 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TPW AU Equity 
TEMPLE & WEBSTER 
Equity Securities 
340,099,536 
AU000000TPW5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SKYH US Equity 
SKY HARBOUR GROU 
Equity Securities 
339,786,957 
US83085C1071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OZ US Equity 
BELPOINTE PREP 
Equity Securities 
339,652,057 
US0806941029 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IFISH NO Equity 
ICE FISH FARM AS 
Equity Securities 
339,632,640 
NO0010884794 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ZAG AV Equity 
ZUMTOBEL GROUP A 
Equity Securities 
339,580,562 
AT0000837307 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
CZFS US Equity 
CITIZENS FINL SV 
Equity Securities 
339,339,895 
US1746151042 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VIGL US Equity 
VIGIL NEUROSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
339,310,041 
US92673K1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTAL US Equity 
METALS ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
339,057,749 
KYG604051006 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
IPVF US Equity 
INTERPRIVATE-A 
Equity Securities 
339,009,750 
US46064R1068 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RRBI US Equity 
RED RIVER BANCSH 
Equity Securities 
338,989,092 
US75686R2022 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
78 HK Equity 
REGAL HOTEL INTL 
Equity Securities 
338,908,239 
BMG7475M1626 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PARB NO Equity 
PARETO BANK ASA 
Equity Securities 
338,770,528 
NO0010397581 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
85 HK Equity 
CHINA ELECTRONIC 
Equity Securities 
338,747,296 
BMG2122L1054 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
88 HK Equity 
TAI CHEUNG HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
338,269,940 
BMG8659B1054 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PUCK US Equity 
GOAL ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
338,244,750 
US38021H1077 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SIFG NA Equity 
SIF HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
338,147,203 
NL0011660485 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam

--- Page 220 ---
Annex I - page 110 of 162 
 
GLUE US Equity 
MONTE ROSA THERA 
Equity Securities 
338,122,740 
US61225M1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2169 HK Equity 
CANGGANG RAILWAY 
Equity Securities 
337,588,214 
KYG1820D1007 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GMD AU Equity 
GENESIS MINERALS 
Equity Securities 
337,231,181 
AU000000GMD9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PEGR US Equity 
PROJECT ENERGY R 
Equity Securities 
336,974,607 
KYG725561065 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
HMST US Equity 
HOMESTREET INC 
Equity Securities 
336,882,207 
US43785V1026 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2215 HK Equity 
DEXIN SERVICES G 
Equity Securities 
336,369,890 
KYG2823B1095 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KID NO Equity 
KID ASA 
Equity Securities 
336,178,784 
NO0010743545 
Consumer Discretionary 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
FILA IM Equity 
FILA SPA 
Equity Securities 
336,114,304 
IT0004967292 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MCBC US Equity 
MACATAWA BANK 
Equity Securities 
336,113,560 
US5542251021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
8328 HK Equity 
XINYI ELECTRIC S 
Equity Securities 
336,079,291 
KYG9830W1096 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CIIG US Equity 
CIIG CAPITAL-A 
Equity Securities 
336,015,625 
US12561U1097 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NVTA US Equity 
INVITAE CORP 
Equity Securities 
335,972,636 
US46185L1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IBS PL Equity 
IBERSOL SGPS SA 
Equity Securities 
335,831,267 
PTIBS0AM0008 
Consumer Discretionary 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
HUMA US Equity 
HUMACYTE INC 
Equity Securities 
335,819,682 
US44486Q1031 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
APLD US Equity 
APPLIED DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
335,476,905 
US0381692070 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QRTEA US Equity 
QURATE RETAIL-A 
Equity Securities 
335,427,096 
US74915M1009 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QRTEB US Equity 
QURATE RETAIL-B 
Equity Securities 
335,427,096 
US74915M2098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CBAV SM Equity 
CLINICA BAVIERA 
Equity Securities 
335,294,432 
ES0119037010 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LOCO US Equity 
EL POLLO LOCO HO 
Equity Securities 
335,118,229 
US2686031079 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1626 HK Equity 
JIA YAO HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
334,781,345 
KYG5137W1078 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MDX AU Equity 
MINDAX LTD 
Equity Securities 
334,534,904 
AU000000MDX4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LBIRD FP Equity 
LUMIBIRD 
Equity Securities 
334,469,627 
FR0000038242 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SBM AU Equity 
ST BARBARA LTD 
Equity Securities 
334,417,901 
AU000000SBM8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BNGO US Equity 
BIONANO GENOMICS 
Equity Securities 
334,401,332 
US09075F1075 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TCI US Equity 
TRANSCONTL REALT 
Equity Securities 
333,650,384 
US8936172092 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SLV PW Equity 
SELVITA CRO SA 
Equity Securities 
333,640,994 
PLSLVCR00029 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SCST SS Equity 
SCANDI STANDARD 
Equity Securities 
333,550,333 
SE0005999760 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PNNT US Equity 
PENNANTPARK INVE 
Equity Securities 
333,297,195 
US7080621045 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LASP DC Equity 
LAN & SPAR BANK 
Equity Securities 
333,070,866 
DK0010201532 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
GFGD US Equity 
GROWTH FOR GOOD 
Equity Securities 
333,004,750 
KYG415221061 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ARL US Equity 
AMER REALTY INV 
Equity Securities 
332,570,565 
US0291741090 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IMRX US Equity 
IMMUNEERING CO-A 
Equity Securities 
332,566,251 
US45254E1073 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DAB DC Equity 
DANSKE ANDELSKAS 
Equity Securities 
332,539,922 
DK0060299063 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
SRDX US Equity 
SURMODICS INC 
Equity Securities 
332,361,250 
US8688731004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HRPK GR Equity 
7C SOLARPARKEN A 
Equity Securities 
332,326,182 
DE000A11QW68 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BGRY US Equity 
BERKSHIRE GREY I 
Equity Securities 
332,170,386 
US0846561076 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLUE US Equity 
BLUEBIRD BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
331,875,227 
US09609G1004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VIK1V FH Equity 
VIKING LINE ABP 
Equity Securities 
331,538,820 
FI0009005250 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AZRN NA Equity 
AZERION GROUP NV 
Equity Securities 
331,381,043 
NL00150006Z9 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
REGINN IR Equity 
REGINN HF 
Equity Securities 
331,370,304 
IS0000021301 
Real Estate 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
PFTA US Equity 
PORTAGE FINTE-A 
Equity Securities 
331,341,762 
KYG7185D1060 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
PETS US Equity 
PETMED EXPRESS 
Equity Securities 
331,233,992 
US7163821066 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HRZN US Equity 
HORIZON TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
331,016,684 
US44045A1025 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ERNT CZ Equity 
ERICSSON NIKOLA 
Equity Securities 
330,897,701 
HRERNTRA0000 
Information Technology 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
CMO FP Equity 
CREDIT AGR MORBI 
Equity Securities 
330,075,600 
FR0000045551 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SPDY BU Equity 
SPEEDY AD 
Equity Securities 
329,507,258 
BG1100007126 
Industrials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
1523 HK Equity 
PLOVER BAY TECHN 
Equity Securities 
328,981,150 
KYG713321035 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AURA US Equity 
AURA BIOSCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
328,860,887 
US05153U1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VOXX US Equity 
VOXX INTERNATION 
Equity Securities 
328,807,382 
US91829F1049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 221 ---
Annex I - page 111 of 162 
 
ATC PW Equity 
ARCTIC 
Equity Securities 
328,401,475 
PLARTPR00012 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ALBOU FP Equity 
BOURRELIER GROUP 
Equity Securities 
328,337,586 
FR0000054421 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BMRC US Equity 
BANK OF MARIN BA 
Equity Securities 
328,030,904 
US0634251021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1855 HK Equity 
ZONQING ENVIRONM 
Equity Securities 
327,902,276 
KYG989A21015 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
REJLB SS Equity 
REJLERS AB 
Equity Securities 
327,879,335 
SE0000123671 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AB FP Equity 
AB SCIENCE SA 
Equity Securities 
327,692,826 
FR0010557264 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GAM FP Equity 
GAUMONT SA 
Equity Securities 
327,598,923 
FR0000034894 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ASUR US Equity 
ASURE SOFTWARE I 
Equity Securities 
327,304,134 
US04649U1025 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DBV FP Equity 
DBV TECHNOLOGIES 
Equity Securities 
326,900,286 
FR0010417345 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
DNAB US Equity 
SOCIAL CAPITAL-A 
Equity Securities 
326,872,500 
KYG8253U1031 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
DNAD US Equity 
SOCIAL CAPITAL-A 
Equity Securities 
326,872,500 
KYG8253Y1052 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CDZI US Equity 
CADIZ INC 
Equity Securities 
326,717,596 
US1275372076 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BYN US Equity 
BANYAN ACQUISI-A 
Equity Securities 
326,508,000 
US06690B1070 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SVII US Equity 
SPRING VALLEY AC 
Equity Securities 
326,293,337 
KYG837521080 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
MCB US Equity 
METROPOLITAN BAN 
Equity Securities 
326,092,457 
US5917741044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
50 HK Equity 
HONG KG FERR 
Equity Securities 
325,869,954 
HK0050000345 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HELG NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 
HELGELAND 
Equity Securities 
325,808,384 
NO0010029804 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CLIN US Equity 
CLEAN EARTH AC-A 
Equity Securities 
325,664,803 
US1844931048 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACQSPAC SS Equity 
ACQ BURE AB 
Equity Securities 
325,612,939 
SE0015657788 
N/A 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
STIX US Equity 
SEMANTIX INC-A 
Equity Securities 
325,187,926 
KYG6332A1067 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
FUM IM Equity 
FRANCHI UMBERTO 
MARMI SPA 
Equity Securities 
324,783,776 
IT0005335754 
Materials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
DIB IM Equity 
DIGITAL BROS SPA 
Equity Securities 
324,429,856 
IT0001469995 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
AAN US Equity 
AARONS CO INC 
Equity Securities 
324,262,178 
US00258W1080 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TAALA FH Equity 
TAALERI OYJ 
Equity Securities 
324,183,658 
FI4000062195 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
NPAB US Equity 
NEW PROVIDENCE-A 
Equity Securities 
324,062,500 
US64823D1028 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BWEK NO Equity 
BW EPIC KOSAN LTD 
Equity Securities 
323,745,280 
SGXZ80461361 
Energy 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Oslo 
CPA1T ET Equity 
COOP PANK AS 
Equity Securities 
323,546,324 
EE3100007857 
Financials 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
IVU GR Equity 
IVU TRAFFIC TECH 
Equity Securities 
323,404,781 
DE0007448508 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NOBI SS Equity 
NOBIA AB 
Equity Securities 
323,139,380 
SE0000949331 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ALLK US Equity 
ALLAKOS INC 
Equity Securities 
323,021,641 
US01671P1003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2383 HK Equity 
TOM GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
322,736,192 
KYG891101035 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GIG NO Equity 
GAMING INNOVATION 
GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
322,624,640 
US36467X2062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
Oslo 
VQT GR Equity 
VA-Q-TEC AG 
Equity Securities 
322,282,954 
DE0006636681 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CLSK US Equity 
CLEANSPARK INC 
Equity Securities 
322,110,743 
US18452B2097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GTE US Equity 
GRAN TIERRA ENER 
Equity Securities 
321,684,616 
US38500T1016 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVEO US Equity 
CIVEO CORP 
Equity Securities 
321,195,864 
CA17878Y2078 
Industrials 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
NEWT US Equity 
NEWTEKONE INC 
Equity Securities 
321,142,635 
US6525262035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADB IM Equity 
AEROPORTO GUGLIELMO 
MARCONI 
Equity Securities 
320,972,576 
IT0001006128 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SLVR US Equity 
SILVERSPAC INC-A 
Equity Securities 
320,937,500 
KYG8136V1041 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
GSC1 GR Equity 
GESCO SE NA O.N 
Equity Securities 
320,594,972 
DE000A1K0201 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NL US Equity 
NL INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
320,231,215 
US6291564077 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FPH US Equity 
FIVE POINT HOL-A 
Equity Securities 
320,144,127 
US33833Q1067 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
HANZA SS Equity 
HANZA AB 
Equity Securities 
320,135,083 
SE0005878543 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AFTR US Equity 
AFTERNEXT HEAL-A 
Equity Securities 
320,000,000 
KYG011091009 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
JGGC US Equity 
JAGUAR GLOBAL -A 
Equity Securities 
319,546,670 
KYG5S11A1066 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ

--- Page 222 ---
Annex I - page 112 of 162 
 
FIP US Equity 
FTAI INFRASTRUCT 
Equity Securities 
319,218,688 
US35953C1062 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WSBF US Equity 
WATERSTONE FINAN 
Equity Securities 
319,187,479 
US94188P1012 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CZNC US Equity 
CITIZENS & NORTH 
Equity Securities 
318,727,803 
US1729221069 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZAP NO Equity 
ZAPTEC ASA 
Equity Securities 
318,676,192 
NO0010713936 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GO MV Equity 
GO PLC 
Equity Securities 
318,577,909 
MT0000090101 
Communication Services 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
AKBM NO Equity 
AKER BIOMARINE ASA 
Equity Securities 
318,360,672 
NO0010886625 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GWA AU Equity 
GWA GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
317,834,806 
AU000000GWA4 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HWEL US Equity 
HEALTHWELL ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
317,812,500 
US42227R1095 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FCMC FP Equity 
SOCIETE FERMIERE 
Equity Securities 
317,810,793 
FR0000062101 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PACT SS Equity 
PROACT IT GROUP 
Equity Securities 
317,491,415 
SE0015961222 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CPUH US Equity 
COMPUTE HEALTH-A 
Equity Securities 
317,091,205 
US2048331076 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RLGT US Equity 
RADIANT LOGISTIC 
Equity Securities 
316,550,852 
US75025X1000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRK1T ET Equity 
AS MERKO EHITUS 
Equity Securities 
316,438,287 
EE3100098328 
Industrials 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
CARE US Equity 
CARTER BANKSHARE 
Equity Securities 
316,011,311 
US1461031064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VOR US Equity 
VOR BIOPHARMA IN 
Equity Securities 
315,932,719 
US9290331084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADAL US Equity 
ATHEMIS DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
315,712,950 
KYG039591063 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
LMNR US Equity 
LIMONEIRA CO 
Equity Securities 
315,601,691 
US5327461043 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VLGEA US Equity 
VILLAGE SUPER -A 
Equity Securities 
314,897,250 
US9271074091 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GNTY US Equity 
GUARANTY BANCSHR 
Equity Securities 
314,721,027 
US4007641065 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMNB US Equity 
AMER NATL BNKSHS 
Equity Securities 
314,637,814 
US0277451086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WITH FH Equity 
WITHSECURE OYJ 
Equity Securities 
314,633,404 
FI4000519228 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
TIG US Equity 
TREAN INSURANCE 
Equity Securities 
314,602,659 
US89457R1014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MHLD US Equity 
MAIDEN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
314,537,298 
BMG5753U1128 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
2722 HK Equity 
CHONGQING M&E-H 
Equity Securities 
314,489,226 
CNE1000009W5 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FFARM NA Equity 
FORFARMERS NV 
Equity Securities 
314,107,842 
NL0011832811 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
CSTR US Equity 
CAPSTAR FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
314,073,053 
US14070T1025 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STET US Equity 
ST ENERGY TRANSI 
Equity Securities 
313,950,000 
BMG8465L1072 
N/A 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
677 HK Equity 
GOLDEN RES DEV 
Equity Securities 
313,537,680 
BMG3958B1046 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
194 HK Equity 
LIU CHONG INV 
Equity Securities 
313,480,736 
HK0194000995 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
2718 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI DONGZ-H 
Equity Securities 
313,456,118 
CNE100003HX6 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ALRS US Equity 
ALERUS FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
313,311,575 
US01446U1034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCD RO Equity 
ZENTIVA SA 
Equity Securities 
313,133,720 
ROSCDBACNOR8 
Health Care 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
QUOT US Equity 
QUOTIENT TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
312,561,638 
US7491191034 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BACE NA Equity 
BRIGADE-M3 EUR-A 
Equity Securities 
312,500,000 
KYG137071075 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
EN Amsterdam 
RSAC NA Equity 
RA SPECIAL ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
312,500,000 
KYG7552D1016 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
EN Amsterdam 
978 HK Equity 
CHINA MERCHANTS 
Equity Securities 
312,440,796 
KYG210AW1064 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LWB PW Equity 
BOGDANKA 
Equity Securities 
312,438,782 
PLLWBGD00016 
Energy 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
RVU PW Equity 
RYVU THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
312,344,913 
PLSELVT00013 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
USX US Equity 
US XPRESS ENTE-A 
Equity Securities 
312,298,078 
US90338N2027 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1098 HK Equity 
ROAD KING INFRAS 
Equity Securities 
312,148,007 
BMG760581097 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ATAI US Equity 
ATAI LIFE SCIENC 
Equity Securities 
312,099,695 
NL0015000DX5 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
HQI US Equity 
HIREQUEST INC 
Equity Securities 
311,499,000 
US4335351015 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
563 HK Equity 
SH IND URBAN 
Equity Securities 
311,297,787 
BMG8065B1037 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AML PW Equity 
ALUMETAL SA 
Equity Securities 
311,240,689 
PLALMTL00023 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
6988 HK Equity 
JOY SPREADER GRO 
Equity Securities 
311,224,995 
KYG5191P1054 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OCS US Equity 
OCULIS HOLDING A 
Equity Securities 
310,967,044 
CH1242303498 
Health Care 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
NASDAQ 
SERI IM Equity 
SERI INDUSTRIAL SPA 
Equity Securities 
310,850,240 
IT0005283640 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SX FP Equity 
CS GROUP SA 
Equity Securities 
310,649,815 
FR0007317813 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
411 HK Equity 
LAM SOON HONG KG 
Equity Securities 
310,629,283 
HK0411006957 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong

--- Page 223 ---
Annex I - page 113 of 162 
 
OSG US Equity 
OVERSEAS SHIP -A 
Equity Securities 
310,607,575 
US69036R8631 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MLHMC FP Equity 
HOTEL MAJESTIC 
Equity Securities 
309,968,214 
FR0006226791 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
TG US Equity 
TREDEGAR CORP 
Equity Securities 
309,892,037 
US8946501009 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SJOVA IR Equity 
SJOVA-ALMENNAR 
TRYGGINGAR HF 
Equity Securities 
309,876,320 
IS0000024602 
Financials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
ECIT NO Equity 
ECIT AS-B 
Equity Securities 
309,861,280 
NO0010939804 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
TARS US Equity 
TARSUS PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
309,285,341 
US87650L1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATXS US Equity 
ASTRIA THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
309,253,234 
US04635X1028 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COE AU Equity 
COOPER ENERGY LT 
Equity Securities 
309,191,769 
AU000000COE2 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1571 HK Equity 
XIN POINT HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
309,179,757 
KYG9830R1002 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JMS AU Equity 
JUPITER MINES LT 
Equity Securities 
309,087,650 
AU0000005159 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PAT FP Equity 
PATRIMOINE-REGR 
Equity Securities 
309,061,065 
FR0011027135 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SMCRT NO Equity 
SMARTCRAFT ASA 
Equity Securities 
308,722,400 
NO0011008971 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
NPAPER SS Equity 
NORDIC PAPER HOL 
Equity Securities 
308,637,261 
SE0014808838 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
INSE US Equity 
INSPIRED ENTERTA 
Equity Securities 
308,591,073 
US45782N1081 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HART DC Equity 
BRODRENE HARTMAN 
Equity Securities 
308,514,878 
DK0010256197 
Materials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
TDUP US Equity 
THREDUP- CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
308,478,552 
US88556E1029 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CATA SS Equity 
CATELLA AB 
Equity Securities 
308,429,632 
SE0000188500 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CATB SS Equity 
CATELLA AB 
Equity Securities 
308,049,409 
SE0000188518 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PACE NA Equity 
PEGASUS ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
307,700,802 
NL00150009D0 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
CYD US Equity 
CHINA YUCHAI 
Equity Securities 
307,662,924 
BMG210821051 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
New York 
CMTL US Equity 
COMTECH TELECOMM 
Equity Securities 
307,617,831 
US2058262096 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DXLG US Equity 
DESTINATION XL G 
Equity Securities 
307,463,753 
US25065K1043 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
488 HK Equity 
LAI SUN DEV 
Equity Securities 
307,335,961 
HK0000356821 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1428 HK Equity 
BRIGHT SMART 
Equity Securities 
307,030,768 
KYG1644A1004 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TSP US Equity 
TUSIMPLE HOLD-A 
Equity Securities 
306,937,928 
US90089L1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INAQ US Equity 
INSIGHT ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
306,750,000 
US45784L1008 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2197 HK Equity 
CLOVER BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
306,445,247 
KYG2280A1076 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SLQT US Equity 
SELECTQUOTE INC 
Equity Securities 
306,381,568 
US8163073005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
THCP US Equity 
THUNDER BRIDGE-A 
Equity Securities 
306,370,315 
US88605L1070 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
626 HK Equity 
PUBLIC FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
306,301,947 
BMG7297B1054 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
680 HK Equity 
NAN HAI CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
306,066,806 
BMG6389N1002 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BIOS US Equity 
BIOPLUS ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
305,996,400 
KYG112171171 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
29 HK Equity 
DYNAMIC HLDG. 
Equity Securities 
305,839,214 
BMG2889K1678 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
9913 HK Equity 
CHI KAN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
305,736,388 
KYG4465C1069 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RNGR US Equity 
RANGER ENERGY SE 
Equity Securities 
305,624,412 
US75282U1043 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OOMA US Equity 
OOMA INC 
Equity Securities 
305,605,882 
US6834161019 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AFISH NO Equity 
ARCTIC FISH HOLDING AS 
Equity Securities 
305,598,816 
NO0010917719 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
JMSB US Equity 
JOHN MARSHALL BA 
Equity Securities 
305,580,128 
US47805L1017 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GAQ US Equity 
GENERATION ASI-A 
Equity Securities 
305,301,750 
KYG382581026 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
FMAO US Equity 
FARMERS & MER/OH 
Equity Securities 
304,556,484 
US30779N1054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
163 HK Equity 
EMPEROR INTL 
Equity Securities 
304,514,039 
BMG3036C2239 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CORS US Equity 
CORSAIR PARTN-A 
Equity Securities 
304,286,235 
KYG2540H1083 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
1221 HK Equity 
SINO HOTELS 
Equity Securities 
304,228,491 
KYG8168Z1063 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NATH US Equity 
NATHANS FAMOUS 
Equity Securities 
304,224,720 
US6323471002 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BWC US Equity 
BLUE WHALE ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
303,736,338 
KYG1330M1033 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
FTCI US Equity 
FTC SOLAR INC 
Equity Securities 
303,719,013 
US30320C1036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PEN NO Equity 
PANORO ENERGY ASA 
Equity Securities 
303,470,848 
NO0010564701 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
CITE US Equity 
CARTICA ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
303,312,500 
KYG1995D1097 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ

--- Page 224 ---
Annex I - page 114 of 162 
 
PLAO US Equity 
PATRIA LATIN AME 
Equity Securities 
303,312,500 
KYG694541098 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
GEO IM Equity 
GEOX SPA 
Equity Securities 
303,089,920 
IT0003697080 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BIG US Equity 
BIG LOTS INC 
Equity Securities 
303,059,743 
US0893021032 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TGR US Equity 
KIMBELL TIGER-A 
Equity Securities 
303,052,404 
US49436K1060 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BCB AU Equity 
BOWEN COKING COA 
Equity Securities 
302,947,310 
AU000000BCB5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
STA AU Equity 
STRANDLINE RESOU 
Equity Securities 
302,828,206 
AU000000STA5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TFBANK SS Equity 
TF BANK AB 
Equity Securities 
302,535,179 
SE0007331608 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LIME SS Equity 
LIME TECHNOLOGIE 
Equity Securities 
302,523,416 
SE0011870195 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
WNNR US Equity 
ANDRETTI ACQUISI 
Equity Securities 
302,162,500 
KYG267351032 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
DPCS US Equity 
DP CAP ACQU-CL A 
Equity Securities 
301,743,750 
KYG2R05B1000 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
RENE US Equity 
CARTESIAN GROW-A 
Equity Securities 
301,587,500 
KYG193051128 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
RCFA US Equity 
RCF ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
301,012,500 
KYG7330C1024 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SVNA US Equity 
7 ACQUISITION -A 
Equity Securities 
300,725,000 
KYG806941053 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SCUA US Equity 
SCULPTOR ACQUI-A 
Equity Securities 
300,725,000 
KYG7T9831035 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
CMAX US Equity 
CAREMAX INC 
Equity Securities 
300,674,165 
US14171W1036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BTWN US Equity 
BRIDGETOWN HOL-A 
Equity Securities 
300,577,756 
KYG1355U1132 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CMCA US Equity 
CAPITALWORK-CL A 
Equity Securities 
300,437,500 
KYG1889L1005 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CBRG US Equity 
CHAIN BRIDGE I-A 
Equity Securities 
300,437,500 
KYG2061X1025 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BHD AV Equity 
BURGENLAND HLDG 
Equity Securities 
300,163,489 
AT0000640552 
Utilities 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
1366 HK Equity 
JIANGNAN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
300,073,273 
KYG513831001 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KOMPL NO Equity 
KOMPLETT ASA 
Equity Securities 
299,939,776 
NO0011016040 
Consumer Discretionary 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
UTAA US Equity 
UTA ACQUISITIO-A 
Equity Securities 
299,865,375 
KYG9473A1094 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BPAC US Equity 
BULLPEN PARLAY-A 
Equity Securities 
299,862,500 
KYG1792A1004 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
PIII US Equity 
P3 HEALTH PARTNE 
Equity Securities 
299,632,690 
US7444131053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABS PW Equity 
ASSECOBS 
Equity Securities 
299,373,783 
PLABS0000018 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
FHTX US Equity 
FOGHORN THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
299,317,442 
US3441741077 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KNSW US Equity 
KNIGHTSWAN ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
299,287,500 
US4991031091 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OKEA NO Equity 
OKEA ASA 
Equity Securities 
299,244,608 
NO0010816895 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
WWAC US Equity 
WORLDWIDE WEBB-A 
Equity Securities 
299,000,000 
KYG977751034 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
PWR AU Equity 
PETER WARREN AUT 
Equity Securities 
298,957,181 
AU0000143711 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
286 HK Equity 
AIDIGONG MATERNA 
Equity Securities 
298,896,566 
BMG0133U1062 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
QDRO US Equity 
QUADRO ACQUISITI 
Equity Securities 
298,642,500 
KYG528071072 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BRD US Equity 
BEARD ENERGY T-A 
Equity Securities 
298,450,950 
US07402Q1013 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FIAC US Equity 
FOCUS IMPACT-A 
Equity Securities 
298,425,000 
US34417L1098 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PORT US Equity 
SOUTHPORT ACQUIS 
Equity Securities 
298,425,000 
US84465L1052 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VMGA US Equity 
VMG CONSUMER A-A 
Equity Securities 
298,137,500 
US91842V1026 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
B5A GR Equity 
BAUER AG 
Equity Securities 
298,114,143 
DE0005168108 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
C79 AU Equity 
CHRYSOS CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
298,097,751 
AU0000218190 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LVOX US Equity 
LIVEVOX HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
298,049,910 
US53838L1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XERS US Equity 
XERIS BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
297,916,266 
US98422E1038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WEAV US Equity 
WEAVE COMMUNICAT 
Equity Securities 
297,855,159 
US94724R1086 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRIS US Equity 
TRISTAR ACQUISIT 
Equity Securities 
297,850,000 
KYG9074V1068 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
AIRS US Equity 
AIRSCULPT TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
297,734,115 
US0094961002 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1817 HK Equity 
MULSANNE GROUP H 
Equity Securities 
297,710,808 
KYG6329A1013 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TREE US Equity 
LENDINGTREE INC 
Equity Securities 
297,675,074 
US52603B1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9986 HK Equity 
DASHAN EDUCATION 
Equity Securities 
297,583,417 
KYG2660B1059 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ESQ US Equity 
ESQUIRE FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
297,324,515 
US29667J1016 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WRAC US Equity 
WILLIAMS ROWLAND 
Equity Securities 
297,275,000 
US96951B1026 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ADKO AV Equity 
ADDIKO BANK AG 
Equity Securities 
296,947,451 
AT000ADDIKO0 
Financials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna

--- Page 225 ---
Annex I - page 115 of 162 
 
INKAT GA Equity 
INTRAKAT S.A TEC 
Equity Securities 
296,866,465 
GRS432003028 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
VSTA US Equity 
VASTA PLATFORM L 
Equity Securities 
296,813,907 
KYG9440A1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
3913 HK Equity 
KWG LIVING GROUP 
Equity Securities 
296,785,669 
KYG5322R1039 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UZU GR Equity 
UZIN UTZ AG 
Equity Securities 
296,723,227 
DE0007551509 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
LCAA US Equity 
L CATTERTON AS-A 
Equity Securities 
296,699,985 
KYG5346G1257 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
MLAZR FP Equity 
AZUR SELECTION S 
Equity Securities 
296,179,477 
GRS528003007 
N/A 
Greece 
Greece 
EN Paris 
PFIS US Equity 
PEOPLES FIN SVCS 
Equity Securities 
296,161,051 
US7110401053 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GOCO US Equity 
GOHEALTH INC-A 
Equity Securities 
296,156,717 
US38046W2044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AOJB DC Equity 
JOHANSEN A&O-B 
Equity Securities 
295,680,045 
DK0061686714 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2198 HK Equity 
CHINA SANJIANG F 
Equity Securities 
295,608,870 
KYG211861045 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ASG AU Equity 
AUTOSPORTS GRP 
Equity Securities 
295,543,570 
AU000000ASG2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
WHF US Equity 
WHITEHORSE FINAN 
Equity Securities 
295,419,648 
US96524V1061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NGM US Equity 
NGM BIOPHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
295,367,396 
US62921N1054 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LCW US Equity 
LEARN CW INV-A 
Equity Securities 
295,262,500 
KYG541571058 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
1638 HK Equity 
KAISA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
294,921,549 
KYG521321003 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SALME NO Equity 
SALMON EVOLUTION ASA 
Equity Securities 
294,864,064 
NO0010892094 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
VLAT US Equity 
VALOR LATITUDE-A 
Equity Securities 
294,687,500 
KYG9460N1060 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
9991 HK Equity 
BAOZUN INC-A 
Equity Securities 
294,684,707 
KYG0891M1069 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DGL AU Equity 
DGL GROUP LTD/AU 
Equity Securities 
294,585,654 
AU0000149338 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1442 HK Equity 
INFINITY LOGISTI 
Equity Securities 
294,485,289 
KYG4769S1049 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PGSS US Equity 
PEGASUS DIGITA-A 
Equity Securities 
294,468,750 
KYG697681024 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SKLZ US Equity 
SKILLZ INC 
Equity Securities 
294,348,673 
US83067L1098 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AMPY US Equity 
AMPLIFY ENERGY C 
Equity Securities 
294,205,727 
US03212B1035 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GEVO US Equity 
GEVO INC 
Equity Securities 
294,203,843 
US3743964062 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PHVS US Equity 
PHARVARIS NV 
Equity Securities 
294,203,193 
NL00150005Y4 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
LNA1L LH Equity 
LINAS AGRO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
294,009,201 
LT0000128092 
Consumer Staples 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
6601 HK Equity 
CHEERWIN GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
293,846,676 
KYG2072S1003 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
XFIN US Equity 
EXCELFIN ACQUI-A 
Equity Securities 
293,825,000 
US30069X1028 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INGN US Equity 
INOGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
293,780,851 
US45780L1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRP RO Equity 
TERAPLAST SA 
Equity Securities 
293,686,711 
ROTRPLACNOR7 
Materials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
ENER SM Equity 
GRUPO ECOENER SA 
Equity Securities 
293,667,108 
ES0105548004 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
EKOP BB Equity 
EKOPAK NV 
Equity Securities 
293,394,479 
BE0974380124 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1045 HK Equity 
APT SATELLITE HL 
Equity Securities 
293,361,682 
BMG0438M1064 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PRTH US Equity 
PRIORITY TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
293,349,853 
US74275G1076 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CGNT US Equity 
COGNYTE SOFT 
Equity Securities 
293,269,480 
IL0011691438 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
PRS SM Equity 
PRISA - A 
Equity Securities 
293,164,148 
ES0171743901 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
S30 FP Equity 
SOLUTIONS 30 SE 
Equity Securities 
293,054,588 
FR0013379484 
Information Technology 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Paris 
3611 HK Equity 
HUAFANG GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
292,997,372 
KYG463QT1016 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ODC US Equity 
OIL DRI CORP 
Equity Securities 
292,975,255 
US6778641000 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UONE US Equity 
URBAN ONE INC 
Equity Securities 
292,963,042 
US91705J1051 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UONEK US Equity 
URBAN ONE INC 
Equity Securities 
292,963,042 
US91705J2042 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALLAN FP Equity 
LANSON-BCC 
Equity Securities 
292,603,273 
FR0004027068 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
6828 HK Equity 
BEIJING GAS BLUE 
Equity Securities 
292,532,090 
BMG095871098 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
OKDAV FH Equity 
ORIOLA CORP - A 
Equity Securities 
292,366,663 
FI0009014344 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
OKDBV FH Equity 
ORIOLA CORP - B 
Equity Securities 
292,366,663 
FI0009014351 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ZEP PW Equity 
ZE PAK 
Equity Securities 
292,103,210 
PLZEPAK00012 
Utilities 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
2368 HK Equity 
EAGLE NICE INTL 
Equity Securities 
291,723,725 
KYG2951U1013 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VEL US Equity 
VELOCITY FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
291,665,515 
US92262D1019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 226 ---
Annex I - page 116 of 162 
 
HH DC Equity 
H+H INTL A/S-B 
Equity Securities 
291,318,008 
DK0015202451 
Materials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
2886 HK Equity 
BINHAI INVESTMEN 
Equity Securities 
291,076,643 
BMG1118Y1214 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1184 HK Equity 
SAS DRAGON HLDG 
Equity Securities 
290,998,194 
BMG7814X1011 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1981 HK Equity 
CATHAY MEDIA AND 
Equity Securities 
290,939,008 
KYG1965A1013 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KENDR NA Equity 
KENDRION NV 
Equity Securities 
290,824,190 
NL0000852531 
Consumer Discretionary 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
GWRS US Equity 
GLOBAL WATER RES 
Equity Securities 
290,749,340 
US3794631024 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6819 HK Equity 
INTELLICENTRICS 
Equity Securities 
290,554,673 
KYG480041089 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VMCA US Equity 
VALUENCE MERG-A 
Equity Securities 
290,531,504 
KYG9R16L1008 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
IVCP US Equity 
SWIFTMERGE ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
290,531,250 
KYG638361033 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
OSP2 GR Equity 
USU SOFTWARE AG 
Equity Securities 
290,429,206 
DE000A0BVU28 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KODK US Equity 
EASTMAN KODAK CO 
Equity Securities 
290,386,007 
US2774614067 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WTBA US Equity 
WEST BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
290,375,207 
US95123P1066 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DSGN US Equity 
DESIGN THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
290,357,410 
US25056L1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMCL US Equity 
CALEDONIA MINING 
Equity Securities 
290,186,808 
JE00BF0XVB15 
Materials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
ASPO FH Equity 
ASPO OYJ 
Equity Securities 
290,186,784 
FI0009008072 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
BELE SS Equity 
EPENDION AB 
Equity Securities 
290,101,461 
SE0000671711 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FRGE US Equity 
FORGE GLOBAL HOL 
Equity Securities 
290,039,141 
US34629L1035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
842 HK Equity 
LEOCH INTERNATIO 
Equity Securities 
289,596,731 
KYG546541015 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
33 HK Equity 
INTERNATIONAL GE 
Equity Securities 
289,500,103 
KYG0252B1115 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IVCB US Equity 
INVESTCORP EUR-A 
Equity Securities 
289,293,083 
KYG4923T1058 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SKYX US Equity 
SKYX PLATFORMS C 
Equity Securities 
289,257,120 
US78471E1055 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRIANB SS Equity 
FASTIGHETS AB 
Equity Securities 
289,252,422 
SE0018013658 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MVF AU Equity 
MONASH IVF GROUP 
Equity Securities 
289,068,923 
AU000000MVF3 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NWPX US Equity 
NORTHWEST PIPE 
Equity Securities 
288,897,142 
US6677461013 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GSJ SM Equity 
GRUPO EMPRESARIA 
Equity Securities 
288,844,549 
ES0180918015 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CGM FP Equity 
CEGEDIM SA 
Equity Securities 
288,714,358 
FR0000053506 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SHB BU Equity 
SOFIA HOTEL BALK 
Equity Securities 
288,509,670 
BG11ZESOAT12 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
1680 HK Equity 
MACAU LEGEND 
Equity Securities 
288,339,134 
KYG573611004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PANL US Equity 
PANGAEA LOGISTIC 
Equity Securities 
287,685,140 
BMG6891L1054 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
SBT US Equity 
STERLING BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
287,614,043 
US85917W1027 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALHRS FP Equity 
HYDROGEN REFUELI 
Equity Securities 
287,487,086 
FR0014001PM5 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HNSA SS Equity 
HANSA BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
287,470,016 
SE0002148817 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AKAST NO Equity 
AKASTOR ASA 
Equity Securities 
287,404,480 
NO0010215684 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1499 HK Equity 
OKG TECHNOLOGY H 
Equity Securities 
287,343,057 
KYG6730W1069 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HNRG US Equity 
HALLADOR ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
287,278,490 
US40609P1057 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AFRI US Equity 
FORAFRIC GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
287,056,757 
GI000A3DNK69 
Consumer Staples 
Gibraltar 
Gibraltar 
NASDAQ 
TDVOX SS Equity 
TOBII DYNAVOX AB 
Equity Securities 
286,949,662 
SE0017105620 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EGGF US Equity 
EG ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
286,875,000 
US26846A1007 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BIVI US Equity 
BIOVIE INC 
Equity Securities 
286,760,745 
US09074F2074 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RJAC US Equity 
JACKSON ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
286,746,875 
US46653C1062 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VLN US Equity 
VALENS SEMICONDU 
Equity Securities 
286,697,438 
IL0011796880 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
ARAY US Equity 
ACCURAY INC 
Equity Securities 
286,484,187 
US0043971052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2425 HK Equity 
AUSTASIA GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
286,435,070 
SGXZ22466619 
Consumer Staples 
Singapore 
Singapore 
Hong Kong 
EWRK SS Equity 
EWORK GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
286,019,216 
SE0002402701 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ED4 GR Equity 
EDAG ENGINEERING 
Equity Securities 
285,869,989 
CH0303692047 
Consumer Discretionary 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
Xetra 
YMAB US Equity 
Y-MABS THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
285,652,596 
US9842411095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MRM AU Equity 
MMA OFFSHORE LTD 
Equity Securities 
285,461,302 
AU000000MRM7 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2337 HK Equity 
UNITED STRENGTH 
Equity Securities 
284,815,986 
KYG9354A1031 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EP US Equity 
EMPIRE PETRO 
Equity Securities 
284,796,226 
US2920343033 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 227 ---
Annex I - page 117 of 162 
 
CLOUD NO Equity 
CLOUDBERRY CLEAN 
ENERGY ASA 
Equity Securities 
284,742,624 
NO0010876642 
Utilities 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
AAG GR Equity 
AUMANN AG 
Equity Securities 
284,710,017 
DE000A2DAM03 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NWE AU Equity 
NORWEST ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
284,634,423 
AU000000NWE2 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CINT SS Equity 
CINT GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
284,615,474 
SE0015483276 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SENS US Equity 
SENSEONICS HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
284,461,807 
US81727U1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABG NO Equity 
ABG SUNDAL COLLIER 
HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
284,278,048 
NO0003021909 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
EXAE GA Equity 
HELLENIC EXCHANG 
Equity Securities 
283,989,229 
GRS395363005 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
AFG AU Equity 
AUSTRALIAN FINAN 
Equity Securities 
283,971,493 
AU000000AFG9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AXAC US Equity 
AXIOS SUSTAINA-A 
Equity Securities 
283,516,350 
KYG0703K1085 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SKYA US Equity 
SKYDECK ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
283,447,244 
KYG822201235 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
EIK IR Equity 
EIK FASTEIGNAFELAG HF 
Equity Securities 
283,399,200 
IS0000020709 
Real Estate 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
ITIC US Equity 
INVESTORS TITLE 
Equity Securities 
283,315,114 
US4618041069 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VAM NA Equity 
VAM INVESTMENTS 
Equity Securities 
283,286,204 
NL0015000G40 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
2276 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI CONAN-H 
Equity Securities 
283,135,590 
CNE100004Z14 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PTRA US Equity 
PROTERRA INC 
Equity Securities 
283,000,000 
US74374T1097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SGMO US Equity 
SANGAMO THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
282,928,087 
US8006771062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
398 HK Equity 
ORIENTAL WATCH 
Equity Securities 
282,485,125 
BMG6773R1051 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
400 HK Equity 
INGDAN INC 
Equity Securities 
282,408,414 
KYG225371072 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EVER US Equity 
EVERQUOTE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
282,375,061 
US30041R1086 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HAIA US Equity 
HEALTHCARE AI -A 
Equity Securities 
282,197,920 
KYG4373K1094 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NODK US Equity 
NI HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
281,991,994 
US65342T1060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6622 HK Equity 
ZHAOKE OPHTHALMO 
Equity Securities 
281,971,122 
KYG989M51017 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PBPB US Equity 
POTBELLY CORP 
Equity Securities 
281,288,612 
US73754Y1001 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2130 HK Equity 
CN LOGISTICS INT 
Equity Securities 
281,027,665 
KYG2353J1004 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ROC US Equity 
ROC ENERGY ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
280,995,715 
US77118V1089 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRBU US Equity 
CARIBOU BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
280,752,566 
US1420381089 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AIS AU Equity 
AERIS RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
280,660,031 
AU000000AIS8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TGAA US Equity 
TARGET GLOBAL -A 
Equity Securities 
280,440,042 
KYG8675N1097 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CREC US Equity 
CRESCERA CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
280,408,330 
KYG265071061 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
XPAX US Equity 
XPAC ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
280,278,937 
KYG9831X1060 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
OLG FP Equity 
OL GROUPE 
Equity Securities 
280,215,939 
FR0010428771 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
S9I GR Equity 
STEMMER IMAGING 
Equity Securities 
280,152,590 
DE000A2G9MZ9 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HYLN US Equity 
HYLIION HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
280,078,137 
US4491091074 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
900 HK Equity 
AEON CREDIT SERV 
Equity Securities 
280,069,742 
HK0900002681 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
JWSM US Equity 
JAWS MUSTANG A-A 
Equity Securities 
280,040,745 
KYG507371089 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
EOSE US Equity 
EOS ENERGY ENTER 
Equity Securities 
279,784,903 
US29415C1018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OLTH GA Equity 
THESSALONIKI POR 
Equity Securities 
279,290,582 
GRS427003009 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
TVE1T ET Equity 
AS TALLINNA VE-A 
Equity Securities 
279,272,990 
EE3100026436 
Utilities 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
SOPH US Equity 
SOPHIA GENETICS 
Equity Securities 
279,234,977 
CH1125843347 
Health Care 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
NASDAQ 
BWB US Equity 
BRIDGEWATER BANC 
Equity Securities 
279,227,070 
US1086211034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMSC NO Equity 
AMSC ASA 
Equity Securities 
278,958,272 
NO0010272065 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
LYL AU Equity 
LYCOPODIUM LTD 
Equity Securities 
278,822,595 
AU000000LYL7 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PCF PW Equity 
PCF GROUP SA 
Equity Securities 
278,808,229 
PLPCFGR00010 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ALFRE FP Equity 
FREELANCE.COM 
Equity Securities 
278,707,596 
FR0004187367 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SMMF US Equity 
SUMMIT FINL GRP 
Equity Securities 
278,490,534 
US86606G1013 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BSD FP Equity 
BOURSE DIRECT 
Equity Securities 
278,293,477 
FR0000074254 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MERKO GA Equity 
MERMEREN KOMBINA 
Equity Securities 
278,272,810 
GRK014011008 
Materials 
Macedonia 
Macedonia 
Athens

--- Page 228 ---
Annex I - page 118 of 162 
 
VERA US Equity 
VERA THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
278,139,376 
US92337R1014 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BKHT GR Equity 
BROCKHAUS TECHNO 
Equity Securities 
278,053,001 
DE000A2GSU42 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
6820 HK Equity 
FRIENDTIMES INC 
Equity Securities 
277,818,834 
KYG371BT1022 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
B2H NO Equity 
B2 HOLDING ASA 
Equity Securities 
277,648,864 
NO0010633951 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BLX AU Equity 
BEACON LIGHT GRO 
Equity Securities 
277,460,869 
AU000000BLX0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6978 HK Equity 
IMMUNOTECH BIOPH 
Equity Securities 
277,288,932 
KYG4721A1004 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OTLK US Equity 
OUTLOOK THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
277,200,138 
US69012T2069 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAR US Equity 
SARATOGA INVESTM 
Equity Securities 
277,167,555 
US80349A2087 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CONX US Equity 
CONX CORP-A SHRS 
Equity Securities 
276,980,801 
US2128731039 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRTS US Equity 
CARPARTS.COM INC 
Equity Securities 
276,764,058 
US14427M1071 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CFEB BB Equity 
CFE 
Equity Securities 
276,409,533 
BE0003883031 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
695 HK Equity 
DONGWU CEMENT 
Equity Securities 
276,355,121 
KYG281601024 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3798 HK Equity 
HOMELAND INTERA 
Equity Securities 
276,303,135 
KYG6647P1037 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
STKS US Equity 
ONE GROUP HOSPIT 
Equity Securities 
276,273,858 
US88338K1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IMMR US Equity 
IMMERSION CORP 
Equity Securities 
276,015,924 
US4525211078 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TPC US Equity 
TUTOR PERINI COR 
Equity Securities 
275,745,211 
US9011091082 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NC US Equity 
NACCO INDS-CL A 
Equity Securities 
275,550,774 
US6295791031 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LPTV US Equity 
LOOP MEDIA INC 
Equity Securities 
275,140,300 
US54352F2065 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SFC MV Equity 
SIMONDS FARSONS 
Equity Securities 
275,094,890 
MT0000070103 
Consumer Staples 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
CCV US Equity 
CHURCHILL CAPITA 
Equity Securities 
274,944,620 
US17144T1079 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SKGR US Equity 
SK GROWTH OPPO-A 
Equity Securities 
274,838,000 
KYG8192N1034 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
WAVC US Equity 
WAVERLEY CAPIT-A 
Equity Securities 
274,765,514 
KYG065361092 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
FLIC US Equity 
FIRST OF LONG IS 
Equity Securities 
274,651,219 
US3207341062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FISI US Equity 
FINANCIAL INST 
Equity Securities 
274,452,300 
US3175854047 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DYL AU Equity 
DEEP YELLOW LTD 
Equity Securities 
273,992,306 
AU000000DYL4 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1909 HK Equity 
FIRE ROCK HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
273,939,803 
KYG3524S1286 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ZIP AU Equity 
ZIP CO LTD 
Equity Securities 
273,594,771 
AU0000218307 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AVIR US Equity 
ATEA PHARMACEUTI 
Equity Securities 
273,360,363 
US04683R1068 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPCM US Equity 
SOUND POINT AC-A 
Equity Securities 
273,240,000 
KYG8274F1019 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
AVAC US Equity 
AVALON ACQUISI-A 
Equity Securities 
272,797,020 
US05338E1010 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CWCO US Equity 
CONS WATER CO-OR 
Equity Securities 
272,623,711 
KYG237731073 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TXT IM Equity 
TXT E-SOLUTIONS SPA 
Equity Securities 
272,491,200 
IT0001454435 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ORIC US Equity 
ORIC PHARMACEUTI 
Equity Securities 
272,350,939 
US68622P1093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RS2 MV Equity 
RS2 SOFTWARE PLC 
Equity Securities 
272,106,766 
MT0000400102 
Information Technology 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
2207 HK Equity 
RONSHINE SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
271,855,293 
KYG7636C1033 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CMR PW Equity 
COMARCH 
Equity Securities 
271,799,176 
PLCOMAR00012 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
9616 HK Equity 
NEUSOFT EDUCATIO 
Equity Securities 
271,655,910 
KYG6460B1086 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CAI IM Equity 
CAIRO COMMUNICATIONS 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
271,587,360 
IT0004329733 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ORGO US Equity 
ORGANOGENESIS HO 
Equity Securities 
271,534,734 
US68621F1021 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OTA GR Equity 
OBOTECH ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
271,487,156 
LU2334363566 
N/A 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
SHAP US Equity 
SPREE ACQUISITIO 
Equity Securities 
271,392,179 
KYG837451023 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SCM US Equity 
STELLUS CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
271,277,000 
US8585681088 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CMCOM NA Equity 
CM.COM 
Equity Securities 
271,266,485 
NL0012747059 
Information Technology 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
9977 HK Equity 
SHANDONG FENGX-H 
Equity Securities 
271,086,264 
CNE100003Y99 
Consumer Staples 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CDAQ US Equity 
COMPASS DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
271,081,728 
KYG2476C1078 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
DSP US Equity 
VIANT TECHNOLO-A 
Equity Securities 
270,994,955 
US92557A1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TWOA US Equity 
TWO - CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
270,916,406 
KYG9152V1014 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
RAIN US Equity 
RAIN ONCOLOGY IN 
Equity Securities 
270,853,936 
US75082Q1058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 229 ---
Annex I - page 119 of 162 
 
279 HK Equity 
ARTA TECHFIN COR 
Equity Securities 
270,690,458 
KYG366302787 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SMOP NO Equity 
SMARTOPTICS GROUP AS 
Equity Securities 
270,592,512 
NO0011012502 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
2361 HK Equity 
SINOHEALTH HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
270,489,951 
KYG8192Q1064 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SPWH US Equity 
SPORTSMANS WARE 
Equity Securities 
270,403,725 
US84920Y1064 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CDXS US Equity 
CODEXIS INC 
Equity Securities 
270,381,909 
US1920051067 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KALV US Equity 
KALVISTA PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
270,280,255 
US4834971032 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2296 HK Equity 
HUARCHI GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
270,067,777 
KYG464571002 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FNLC US Equity 
FIRST BANCORP/ME 
Equity Securities 
270,061,234 
US31866P1021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6677 HK Equity 
SINO-OCEAN SERVI 
Equity Securities 
269,985,613 
KYG816CB1040 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AKYA US Equity 
AKOYA BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
269,927,110 
US00974H1041 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PBH AU Equity 
POINTSBET HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
269,891,735 
AU0000047797 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MBWS FP Equity 
MARIE BRIZARD WI 
Equity Securities 
269,660,837 
FR0000060873 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PKE US Equity 
PARK AEROSPACE C 
Equity Securities 
269,605,836 
US70014A1043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IPH FP Equity 
INNATE PHARMA SA 
Equity Securities 
269,498,926 
FR0010331421 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SGLLV AU Equity 
RICEGROWERS LIMI 
Equity Securities 
268,851,794 
AU0000040982 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1593 HK Equity 
CHEN LIN EDUCATI 
Equity Securities 
268,793,241 
KYG2087A1022 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ENER US Equity 
ACCRETION ACQUIS 
Equity Securities 
268,658,325 
US00438Y1073 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MYS AU Equity 
MYSTATE LTD 
Equity Securities 
268,573,222 
AU000000MYS0 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HMPT US Equity 
HOME POINT CAPIT 
Equity Securities 
268,498,115 
US43734L1061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GBIO US Equity 
GENERATION BIO C 
Equity Securities 
268,495,911 
US37148K1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WULF US Equity 
TERAWULF INC 
Equity Securities 
268,226,902 
US88080T1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2256 HK Equity 
ABBISKO CAYMAN L 
Equity Securities 
268,197,444 
KYG0028A1085 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
25 HK Equity 
CHEVALIER INTL 
Equity Securities 
268,085,108 
BMG2097Z1471 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
WILS NO Equity 
WILSON ASA 
Equity Securities 
267,955,424 
NO0010252356 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MILDEF SS Equity 
MILDEF GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
267,695,346 
SE0016074249 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PXM PW Equity 
POLIMEXMS 
Equity Securities 
267,655,800 
PLMSTSD00019 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
IQMD US Equity 
INTELLIGENT ME-A 
Equity Securities 
267,547,500 
US45828D1063 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRPL US Equity 
PURPLE INNOVATIO 
Equity Securities 
267,529,633 
US74640Y1064 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HLO AU Equity 
HELLOWORLD TRAVE 
Equity Securities 
267,500,240 
AU000000HLO6 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
468 HK Equity 
GREATVIEW ASEPTI 
Equity Securities 
267,329,613 
KYG407691040 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JOMA SS Equity 
JOHN MATTSON FAS 
Equity Securities 
267,024,896 
SE0012481364 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MASS US Equity 
908 DEVICES INC 
Equity Securities 
266,950,510 
US65443P1021 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RBOT US Equity 
VICARIOUS SURGIC 
Equity Securities 
266,870,888 
US92561V1098 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GCI US Equity 
GANNETT CO INC 
Equity Securities 
266,757,268 
US36472T1097 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SSM AU Equity 
SERVICE STREAM L 
Equity Securities 
266,740,339 
AU000000SSM2 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALR RO Equity 
ALRO SA 
Equity Securities 
266,714,634 
ROALROACNOR0 
Materials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
1321 HK Equity 
CHINA NEW CITY C 
Equity Securities 
266,398,143 
KYG211931004 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1061 HK Equity 
ESSEX BIO-TECH 
Equity Securities 
266,366,079 
KYG312371035 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SHBI US Equity 
SHORE BANCSHARES 
Equity Securities 
266,240,431 
US8251071051 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
JILL US Equity 
J. JILL INC 
Equity Securities 
266,082,523 
US46620W2017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SWIM US Equity 
LATHAM GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
266,053,570 
US51819L1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RBB US Equity 
RBB BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
265,900,642 
US74930B1052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ECNL IM Equity 
AQUAFIL SPA 
Equity Securities 
265,740,368 
IT0005241192 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1373 HK Equity 
IH RETAIL 
Equity Securities 
265,632,212 
KYG487291000 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2101 HK Equity 
FULU HOLDINGS LT 
Equity Securities 
265,630,899 
KYG3691U1040 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CICG SV Equity 
CINKARNA CELJE 
Equity Securities 
265,622,833 
SI0031103805 
Materials 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
GRTS US Equity 
GRITSTONE BIO IN 
Equity Securities 
265,615,793 
US39868T1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GUBRA DC Equity 
GUBRA APS-TEMP 
Equity Securities 
265,440,754 
DK0062266474 
N/A 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen

--- Page 230 ---
Annex I - page 120 of 162 
 
PHYT US Equity 
PYROPHYTE ACQU-A 
Equity Securities 
265,398,438 
KYG7308P1019 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SFPI FP Equity 
GROUPE SFPI 
Equity Securities 
265,356,071 
FR0004155000 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
UIS US Equity 
UNISYS CORP 
Equity Securities 
265,102,640 
US9092143067 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NWL IM Equity 
NEWLAT FOOD SPA 
Equity Securities 
265,057,952 
IT0005385213 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
408 HK Equity 
YIPS CHEMICAL 
Equity Securities 
265,054,568 
KYG9842Z1164 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2360 HK Equity 
BEST MART 360 HO 
Equity Securities 
264,971,536 
KYG1065A1004 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PGEN US Equity 
PRECIGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
264,804,449 
US74017N1054 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VAXX US Equity 
VAXXINITY INC-A 
Equity Securities 
264,732,390 
US92244V1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STRO US Equity 
SUTRO BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
264,711,924 
US8693671021 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1090 HK Equity 
DA MING INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
264,650,594 
KYG2744A1076 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2772 HK Equity 
ZHONGLIANG HOLD 
Equity Securities 
264,645,299 
KYG9898C1024 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GVCI US Equity 
GREEN VISOR FI-A 
Equity Securities 
264,382,125 
KYG4166K1004 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
3300 HK Equity 
CHINA GLASS HLDG 
Equity Securities 
264,325,239 
BMG2111H1236 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
KRT US Equity 
KARAT PACKAGING 
Equity Securities 
264,304,304 
US48563L1017 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2231 HK Equity 
JY GRANDMARK HOL 
Equity Securities 
264,229,868 
KYG831121051 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DOUG US Equity 
DOUGLAS ELLIMAN 
Equity Securities 
264,222,149 
US25961D1054 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VUZI US Equity 
VUZIX CORP 
Equity Securities 
264,208,077 
US92921W3007 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AVIO IM Equity 
AVIO SPA 
Equity Securities 
263,691,728 
IT0005119810 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
2348 HK Equity 
DAWNRAYS PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
263,492,478 
KYG2687M1006 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JDC GR Equity 
JDC GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
263,434,048 
DE000A0B9N37 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ASCB US Equity 
A SPAC II ACQUIS 
Equity Securities 
263,373,000 
VGG0543H1091 
N/A 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
XBRANE SS Equity 
XBRANE BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
263,355,765 
SE0007789409 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CWP AU Equity 
CEDAR WOODS PROP 
Equity Securities 
263,283,739 
AU000000CWP1 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3886 HK Equity 
TOWN HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
263,178,437 
BMG8979V1046 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
HIMR CZ Equity 
IMPERIAL RIVIERA 
Equity Securities 
263,159,449 
HRHIMRRA0001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
BHNDT NA Equity 
GP BULLHOUND-TRS 
Equity Securities 
263,031,224 
LU2437856854 
N/A 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
MXHN GR Equity 
MAX AUTOMATION S 
Equity Securities 
263,011,880 
DE000A2DA588 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BHND NA Equity 
GP BULLHOUND A-A 
Equity Securities 
263,007,298 
LU2434421173 
N/A 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EN Amsterdam 
HBCP US Equity 
HOME BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
262,989,441 
US43689E1073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2185 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI BIO-H-H 
Equity Securities 
262,895,971 
CNE100004JH3 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GTAC US Equity 
GLOBAL TECHNOL-A 
Equity Securities 
262,750,000 
KYG3934N1079 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
GPG SS Equity 
GENOVA PROPERTY 
Equity Securities 
262,569,820 
SE0007184189 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BLFY US Equity 
BLUE FOUNDRY BAN 
Equity Securities 
262,513,916 
US09549B1044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BGXX US Equity 
BRIGHT GREEN COR 
Equity Securities 
262,480,565 
US10920G1004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1122 HK Equity 
QINGLING MOTOR-H 
Equity Securities 
262,459,741 
CNE1000003Y4 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CTM AU Equity 
CENTAURUS METALS 
Equity Securities 
262,384,627 
AU000000CTM4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ACNB US Equity 
ACNB CORP 
Equity Securities 
262,090,777 
US0008681092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2355 HK Equity 
BAOYE GROUP CO-H 
Equity Securities 
262,039,831 
CNE100000213 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TIO US Equity 
TINGO GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
261,963,811 
US55328R1095 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GAM SM Equity 
GAM 
Equity Securities 
261,787,716 
ES0141571192 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LINK NO Equity 
LINK MOBILITY GROUP 
HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
261,697,232 
NO0010894231 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
KOD US Equity 
KODIAK SCIENCES 
Equity Securities 
261,695,520 
US50015M1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ARTE US Equity 
ARTEMIS STRATEGI 
Equity Securities 
261,373,438 
US04303A1034 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INLOT GA Equity 
INTRALOT S.A. 
Equity Securities 
261,302,410 
GRS343313003 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
NBN US Equity 
NORTHEAST BANK 
Equity Securities 
261,297,331 
US66405S1006 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRLH US Equity 
PEARL HOLDINGS-A 
Equity Securities 
261,250,000 
KYG445251062 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
2163 HK Equity 
CHANGSHA BROAD-H 
Equity Securities 
260,905,940 
CNE100003NK1 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
DALS US Equity 
DA32 LIFE SCIE-A 
Equity Securities 
260,604,000 
US23312M1062 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 231 ---
Annex I - page 121 of 162 
 
LE US Equity 
LANDS END INC 
Equity Securities 
260,525,233 
US51509F1057 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SQRL SM Equity 
SQUIRREL MEDIA S 
Equity Securities 
260,390,748 
ES0183304080 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ROU BB Equity 
ROULARTA MEDIA 
Equity Securities 
260,075,956 
BE0003741551 
Communication Services 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
CLPT US Equity 
CLEARPOINT NEURO 
Equity Securities 
259,834,393 
US18507C1036 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VHNA US Equity 
VAHANNA TECH E-A 
Equity Securities 
259,813,125 
VGG9320Z1099 
N/A 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
KCN AU Equity 
KINGSGATE CONSOL 
Equity Securities 
259,730,038 
AU000000KCN1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SAMG US Equity 
SILVERCREST AS-A 
Equity Securities 
259,672,442 
US8283591092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRCA US Equity 
VERRICA PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
259,482,729 
US92511W1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RANI US Equity 
RANI THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
259,342,822 
US7530181004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CABA US Equity 
CABALETTA BIO IN 
Equity Securities 
259,305,652 
US12674W1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
THRN US Equity 
THORNE HEALTHTEC 
Equity Securities 
259,186,492 
US8852601090 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATRA US Equity 
ATARA BIOTHERAPE 
Equity Securities 
258,555,281 
US0465131078 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RAYB SS Equity 
RAYSEARCH LABORA 
Equity Securities 
258,474,627 
SE0000135485 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MGTX US Equity 
MEIRAGTX HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
258,417,857 
KYG596651029 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
818 HK Equity 
HI SUN TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
258,231,157 
BMG4512G1261 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SRG AU Equity 
SRG GLOBAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
258,091,737 
AU0000032914 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6896 HK Equity 
GOLDEN THROAT HO 
Equity Securities 
258,052,655 
KYG3961J1022 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GMM GR Equity 
GRAMMER AG 
Equity Securities 
258,013,057 
DE0005895403 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BLEE FP Equity 
BLEECKER 
Equity Securities 
257,668,572 
FR0000062150 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MHJ AU Equity 
MICHAEL HILL INT 
Equity Securities 
257,472,351 
AU000000MHJ4 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ARS RO Equity 
AEROSTAR SA BACA 
Equity Securities 
257,391,314 
ROAEROACNOR5 
Industrials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
DAKT US Equity 
DAKTRONICS INC 
Equity Securities 
257,336,020 
US2342641097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SEDA US Equity 
SDCL EDGE ACQU-A 
Equity Securities 
256,938,906 
KYG794711013 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
LLAP US Equity 
TERRAN ORBITAL C 
Equity Securities 
256,851,734 
US88105P1030 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TIM PW Equity 
TIM 
Equity Securities 
256,741,544 
PLTIM0000016 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
HLLY US Equity 
HOLLEY INC 
Equity Securities 
256,637,146 
US43538H1032 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FUSN US Equity 
FUSION PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
256,577,116 
CA36118A1003 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
2418 HK Equity 
DEEWIN TIANXIA C 
Equity Securities 
256,364,834 
CNE100005F41 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
NRIM US Equity 
NORTHRIM BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
256,242,228 
US6667621097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FICV US Equity 
FRONTIER INVES-A 
Equity Securities 
256,125,000 
KYG368161090 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ORIA US Equity 
ORION BIOTECH OP 
Equity Securities 
256,000,000 
KYG6780C1096 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
HPB CZ Equity 
HRVATSKA POSTANS 
Equity Securities 
255,998,637 
HRHPB0RA0002 
Financials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
NRGV US Equity 
ENERGY VAULT HOL 
Equity Securities 
255,919,960 
US29280W1099 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FUBO US Equity 
FUBOTV INC 
Equity Securities 
255,827,849 
US35953D1046 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EEX US Equity 
EMERALD HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
255,826,667 
US29103W1045 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FDBC US Equity 
FIDELITY D&D BAN 
Equity Securities 
255,672,407 
US31609R1005 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EHCS NA Equity 
EUROPEAN HEALTHC 
Equity Securities 
255,670,387 
NL0015000K10 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
EHCT NA Equity 
EUROPEAN H-TR SH 
Equity Securities 
255,670,387 
NL0015000K02 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
ITAB SS Equity 
ITAB SHOP 
Equity Securities 
255,514,371 
SE0015962097 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BKCC US Equity 
BLACKROCK CAPITA 
Equity Securities 
255,453,113 
US0925331086 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MEDCL FP Equity 
MEDINCELL SA 
Equity Securities 
255,452,228 
FR0004065605 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
931 HK Equity 
CHINA LNG GROUP 
Equity Securities 
255,232,299 
KYG2117J1316 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TYA IM Equity 
TOSCANA AEROPORTI 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
255,193,376 
IT0000214293 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
3989 HK Equity 
CAPITAL ENV 
Equity Securities 
254,941,172 
KYG1941T1094 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NNIT DC Equity 
NNIT A/S 
Equity Securities 
254,936,402 
DK0060580512 
Health Care 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
222 HK Equity 
MIN XIN HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
254,883,738 
HK0222001130 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ARISE SS Equity 
ARISE AB 
Equity Securities 
254,836,734 
SE0002095604 
Utilities 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
2420 HK Equity 
ZIBUYU GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
254,780,323 
KYG989AK1018 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 232 ---
Annex I - page 122 of 162 
 
KOFOL CP Equity 
KOFOLA CESKOSLOV 
Equity Securities 
254,434,847 
CZ0009000121 
Consumer Staples 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
EKI FP Equity 
EKINOPS 
Equity Securities 
254,319,910 
FR0011466069 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
KNTE US Equity 
KINNATE BIOPHARM 
Equity Securities 
254,270,278 
US49705R1059 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VOLUE NO Equity 
VOLUE ASA 
Equity Securities 
254,217,824 
NO0010894603 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
KGN AU Equity 
KOGAN.COM LTD 
Equity Securities 
253,775,907 
AU000000KGN2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
321 HK Equity 
TEXWINCA HLDG 
Equity Securities 
253,460,866 
BMG8770Z1068 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
UNI AU Equity 
UNIVERSAL STORE 
Equity Securities 
253,430,934 
AU0000113565 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ADH AU Equity 
ADAIRS LTD 
Equity Securities 
253,117,911 
AU000000ADH2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LOCC US Equity 
LIVE OAK CRESTVI 
Equity Securities 
253,000,000 
US5380861097 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SVR AU Equity 
SOLVAR LTD 
Equity Securities 
252,879,473 
AU0000258782 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PAC AU Equity 
PACIFIC CURRENT 
Equity Securities 
252,774,220 
AU000000PAC7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EHL AU Equity 
EMECO HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
252,632,311 
AU000000EHL7 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MWG US Equity 
MULTI WAYS HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
252,579,600 
KYG6362F1081 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
LPK GR Equity 
LPKF LASER & ELE 
Equity Securities 
252,505,794 
DE0006450000 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
RM US Equity 
REGIONAL MANAGEM 
Equity Securities 
252,460,271 
US75902K1060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2118 HK Equity 
TIAN SHAN DEVE 
Equity Securities 
252,437,950 
KYG887201187 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VRC PW Equity 
VERCOM SA- D 
Equity Securities 
252,279,659 
PLVRCM000016 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DC US Equity 
DAKOTA GOLD CORP 
Equity Securities 
252,231,309 
US46655E1001 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KOA NO Equity 
KONGSBERG 
AUTOMOTIVE ASA 
Equity Securities 
252,226,656 
NO0003033102 
Consumer Discretionary 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
KLTR US Equity 
KALTURA INC 
Equity Securities 
252,124,781 
US4834671061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
245 HK Equity 
CHINA VERED FINA 
Equity Securities 
252,069,993 
HK0000268943 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
VNV SS Equity 
VNV GLOBAL AB 
Equity Securities 
251,960,730 
SE0014428835 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
186 HK Equity 
NIMBLE HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
251,876,317 
BMG652161065 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FET US Equity 
FORUM ENERGY TEC 
Equity Securities 
251,781,430 
US34984V2097 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
UTI US Equity 
UNIVERSAL TECHNI 
Equity Securities 
251,750,882 
US9139151040 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AVR AU Equity 
ANTERIS TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
251,671,125 
AU0000088841 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6996 HK Equity 
ANTENGENE CORP L 
Equity Securities 
251,044,624 
KYG039571008 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MEC US Equity 
MAYVILLE ENGINEE 
Equity Securities 
250,948,960 
US5786051079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
326 HK Equity 
CHINA STAR LTD 
Equity Securities 
250,790,512 
BMG8437G3195 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
HLG GR Equity 
HIGHLIGHT COM-BR 
Equity Securities 
250,751,961 
CH0006539198 
Communication Services 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
Xetra 
HMA US Equity 
HEARTLAND MEDI-A 
Equity Securities 
250,691,268 
US42237V1089 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORS IM Equity 
ORSERO SPA 
Equity Securities 
250,595,472 
IT0005138703 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BONAVA SS Equity 
BONAVA AB 
Equity Securities 
250,477,713 
SE0008091573 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BONAVB SS Equity 
BONAVA AB-B SHAR 
Equity Securities 
250,475,283 
SE0008091581 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AURA NO Equity 
AURORA EIENDOM AS 
Equity Securities 
250,272,016 
NO0011032310 
Real Estate 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
6858 HK Equity 
HONMA GOLF LTD 
Equity Securities 
249,975,383 
KYG459461037 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ZVIA US Equity 
ZEVIA PBC-A 
Equity Securities 
249,788,274 
US98955K1043 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NGVC US Equity 
NATURAL GROCERS 
Equity Securities 
249,747,651 
US63888U1088 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BRAIT LX Equity 
BRAIT PLC 
Equity Securities 
249,629,110 
LU0011857645 
Financials 
Malta 
Malta 
Luxembourg 
609 HK Equity 
TIANDE CHEMICAL 
Equity Securities 
249,202,588 
KYG887551060 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IGL AU Equity 
IVE GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
249,166,150 
AU000000IGL0 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BYNO US Equity 
BYNORDIC ACQUISI 
Equity Securities 
248,976,000 
US1244201000 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RELL US Equity 
RICHARDSON ELEC 
Equity Securities 
248,957,184 
US7631651079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LSAK US Equity 
LESAKA TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
248,927,320 
US64107N2062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CATG FP Equity 
CATANA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
248,821,824 
FR0010193052 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2183 HK Equity 
SANSHENG HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
248,737,459 
KYG7812E1052 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SEER US Equity 
SEER INC 
Equity Securities 
248,646,657 
US81578P1066 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EWIND NO Equity 
EDDA WIND ASA 
Equity Securities 
248,602,480 
NO0010998529 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo

--- Page 233 ---
Annex I - page 123 of 162 
 
IREN US Equity 
IRIS ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
248,522,789 
AU0000185993 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
NASDAQ 
LAU AU Equity 
LINDSAY AUSTRALI 
Equity Securities 
248,521,372 
AU000000LAU8 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DZS SV Equity 
DZS REDNE 
Equity Securities 
248,436,414 
SI0031105271 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
BOCN US Equity 
BLUE OCEAN ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
248,095,753 
KYG1330L1059 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SGGVP BB Equity 
SAINT-GOBAIN GLA 
Equity Securities 
248,047,191 
BE0003279784 
N/A 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
LSEA US Equity 
LANDSEA HOMES CO 
Equity Securities 
247,846,916 
US51509P1030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NHIC US Equity 
NEWHOLD INVEST-A 
Equity Securities 
247,766,625 
US6514501088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3818 HK Equity 
CHINA DONGXIANG 
Equity Securities 
247,505,726 
KYG2112Y1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9911 HK Equity 
NEWBORN TOWN INC 
Equity Securities 
247,351,194 
KYG6464H1011 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UNIR IM Equity 
UNIEURO SPA 
Equity Securities 
247,250,016 
IT0005239881 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PPS AU Equity 
PRAEMIUM LTD 
Equity Securities 
247,233,977 
AU000000PPS1 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OPUS HB Equity 
OPUS GLOBAL NY 
Equity Securities 
247,141,424 
HU0000110226 
Industrials 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
EVI US Equity 
EVI INDUSTRIES I 
Equity Securities 
247,053,891 
US26929N1028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NMT AU Equity 
NEOMETALS LTD 
Equity Securities 
246,788,436 
AU000000NMT1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HLTH US Equity 
CUE HEALTH INC 
Equity Securities 
246,771,441 
US2297901009 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CIVB US Equity 
CIVISTA BANCSHAR 
Equity Securities 
246,530,588 
US1788671071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DIMAND GA Equity 
DIMAND SA 
Equity Securities 
246,467,869 
GRS525003000 
Real Estate 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
OPRX US Equity 
OPTIMIZERX CORP 
Equity Securities 
246,412,398 
US68401U2042 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
III US Equity 
INFORMATION SERV 
Equity Securities 
246,397,249 
US45675Y1047 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2HRA GR Equity 
H&R GMBH & CO KG 
Equity Securities 
246,370,355 
DE000A2E4T77 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
RMC AU Equity 
RESIMAC GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
246,289,856 
AU0000033094 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PFMT US Equity 
PERFORMANT FINAN 
Equity Securities 
246,146,652 
US71377E1055 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6093 HK Equity 
HEVOL SERVICES G 
Equity Securities 
246,117,792 
KYG4420L1005 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
APS MV Equity 
APS BANK PLC 
Equity Securities 
246,089,501 
MT0002500115 
Financials 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
HDF FP Equity 
HYDROGENE DE FRA 
Equity Securities 
245,815,956 
FR0014003VY4 
Utilities 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MBR PW Equity 
MO-BRUK J MOKRZY 
Equity Securities 
245,592,242 
PLMOBRK00013 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CSLM US Equity 
CONSILIUM ACQUIS 
Equity Securities 
245,251,875 
KYG2365L1014 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
3681 HK Equity 
SINOMAB BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
245,219,939 
HK0000544194 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
RELAIS FH Equity 
RELAIS GROUP OY 
Equity Securities 
245,218,604 
FI4000391487 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
WEYS US Equity 
WEYCO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
245,149,677 
US9621491003 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1713 HK Equity 
SICHUAN ENERGY-H 
Equity Securities 
244,984,056 
CNE100003FC4 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CFIV US Equity 
CF ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
244,877,140 
US12520T1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SSG NO Equity 
SELF STORAGE GROUP 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
244,716,480 
NO0010781206 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
OLGERD IR Equity 
OLGERDIN EGILL 
SKALLAGRIMS H 
Equity Securities 
244,673,936 
IS0000028678 
Consumer Staples 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
ANNX US Equity 
ANNEXON INC 
Equity Securities 
244,387,354 
US03589W1027 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
750 HK Equity 
CHINA SHUIFA SIN 
Equity Securities 
244,082,372 
BMG2161E1113 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SILC US Equity 
SILICOM LTD 
Equity Securities 
243,941,157 
IL0010826928 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
BSRR US Equity 
SIERRA BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
243,914,386 
US82620P1021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ROS AV Equity 
ROSENBAUER INTL 
Equity Securities 
243,737,151 
AT0000922554 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
RRGB US Equity 
RED ROBIN GOURME 
Equity Securities 
243,635,845 
US75689M1018 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
878 HK Equity 
SOUNDWILL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
243,612,446 
BMG8277H1530 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SFST US Equity 
SOUTHERN FIRST 
Equity Securities 
243,445,969 
US8428731017 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVGI US Equity 
COMMERCIAL VEHIC 
Equity Securities 
243,422,471 
US2026081057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CORRE ID Equity 
CORRE ENERGY BV 
Equity Securities 
243,262,151 
NL0015000DY3 
Energy 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Dublin 
INZY US Equity 
INOZYME PHARMA I 
Equity Securities 
243,083,239 
US45790W1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LMDX US Equity 
LUMIRADX LTD 
Equity Securities 
243,031,745 
KYG5709L1095 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NXD AU Equity 
NEXTED GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
243,027,786 
AU0000258865 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 234 ---
Annex I - page 124 of 162 
 
AGS US Equity 
PLAYAGS INC 
Equity Securities 
243,023,837 
US72814N1046 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OFX AU Equity 
OFX GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
242,840,935 
AU000000OFX5 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
POWW US Equity 
AMMO INC 
Equity Securities 
242,759,499 
US00175J1079 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SKIL US Equity 
SKILLSOFT CORP 
Equity Securities 
242,431,252 
US83066P2002 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1820 HK Equity 
PACIFIC MILLENNI 
Equity Securities 
242,423,549 
KYG968461031 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ART SM Equity 
ARTECHE LANTEGI 
Equity Securities 
242,310,979 
ES0105521001 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
2019 HK Equity 
DEXIN CHINA HOLD 
Equity Securities 
242,089,491 
KYG2751H1020 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2459 HK Equity 
SANERGY GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
242,041,307 
KYG7802A1058 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CVW AU Equity 
CLEARVIEW WEALTH 
Equity Securities 
241,882,638 
AU000000CVW9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ARX AU Equity 
AROA BIOSURGERY 
Equity Securities 
241,881,885 
NZARXE0001S1 
Health Care 
New Zealand 
New Zealand 
ASE 
EXC GR Equity 
EXCEET GROUP SCA 
Equity Securities 
241,860,234 
LU0472835155 
Information Technology 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
1341 HK Equity 
HAO TIAN INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
241,784,792 
KYG4289V1086 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CCRD US Equity 
CORECARD CORP 
Equity Securities 
241,477,674 
US45816D1000 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
617 HK Equity 
PALIBURG HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
241,378,280 
BMG687662301 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
EQS GR Equity 
EQS GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
241,373,493 
DE0005494165 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PANA US Equity 
PANACEA ACQUISIT 
Equity Securities 
241,336,250 
KYG6882C1069 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
AMG1L LH Equity 
AB AMBER GRID 
Equity Securities 
241,241,827 
LT0000128696 
Utilities 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
OBT US Equity 
ORANGE COUNTY BA 
Equity Securities 
241,144,588 
US68417L1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KAMUX FH Equity 
KAMUX CORP 
Equity Securities 
241,115,351 
FI4000206750 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
9960 HK Equity 
KINDSTAR GLOBALG 
Equity Securities 
241,006,435 
KYG5262E1044 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ACET US Equity 
ADICET BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
240,977,410 
US0070021086 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CFFS US Equity 
CF ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
240,766,875 
US12521H1077 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENTPA NA Equity 
ENERGY TRANSITIO 
Equity Securities 
240,515,616 
NL0015000F82 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
ALC SM Equity 
ALTIA CONSULTORE 
Equity Securities 
240,489,539 
ES0113312005 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
GBT FP Equity 
GUERBET 
Equity Securities 
240,472,938 
FR0000032526 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
OCEA US Equity 
OCEAN BIOMEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
240,236,482 
US67644C1045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
875 HK Equity 
CHINA FINANCE IN 
Equity Securities 
240,118,668 
BMG2162U1229 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
LCTX US Equity 
LINEAGE CELL THE 
Equity Securities 
239,905,455 
US53566P1093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CTXR US Equity 
CITIUS PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
239,862,787 
US17322U2078 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AGLX NO Equity 
AGILYX ASA 
Equity Securities 
239,727,264 
NO0010872468 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
PGH AU Equity 
PACT GROUP HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
239,246,817 
AU000000PGH3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SPOK US Equity 
SPOK HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
239,165,818 
US84863T1060 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NDLS US Equity 
NOODLES & CO 
Equity Securities 
239,122,310 
US65540B1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LIN FP Equity 
LINEDATA SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
238,903,031 
FR0004156297 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MLP US Equity 
MAUI LAND & PINE 
Equity Securities 
238,901,212 
US5773451019 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FBIZ US Equity 
FIRST BUSINESS F 
Equity Securities 
238,814,565 
US3193901002 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MCI PW Equity 
MCI CAPITAL SA 
Equity Securities 
238,719,214 
PLMCIMG00012 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CS SS Equity 
COINSHARES INTER 
Equity Securities 
238,682,295 
JE00BLD8Y945 
Financials 
Jersey 
Jersey 
Stockholm 
IWB IM Equity 
ITALIAN WINE BRANDS 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
238,663,088 
IT0005075764 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CLMB US Equity 
CLIMB GLOBAL SOL 
Equity Securities 
238,479,226 
US9467601053 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FEAM US Equity 
5E ADVANCED MATE 
Equity Securities 
238,405,529 
US33830Q1094 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VH2 GR Equity 
FRIEDRICH VORWER 
Equity Securities 
238,371,591 
DE000A255F11 
Energy 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
337 HK Equity 
GREENLAND HONG K 
Equity Securities 
238,291,289 
KYG4587S1049 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DDH AU Equity 
DDH1 LTD 
Equity Securities 
238,249,182 
AU0000134454 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FRST US Equity 
PRIMIS FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
238,212,605 
US74167B1098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TMC US Equity 
TMC THE METALS C 
Equity Securities 
238,197,875 
CA87261Y1060 
Materials 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
2167 HK Equity 
TI CLOUD INC 
Equity Securities 
238,065,208 
KYG8933A1058 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
330 HK Equity 
ESPRIT HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
238,008,064 
BMG3122U1457 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong

--- Page 235 ---
Annex I - page 125 of 162 
 
ERA AU Equity 
ENERGY RES AUST 
Equity Securities 
237,925,892 
AU000000ERA9 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ERACD AU Equity 
ENERGY RES AUST 
Equity Securities 
237,925,892 
AU0000ERACD7 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
APX AU Equity 
APPEN LTD 
Equity Securities 
237,883,283 
AU000000APX3 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
EGAN US Equity 
EGAIN CORP 
Equity Securities 
237,775,061 
US28225C8064 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EPM US Equity 
EVOLUTION PETROL 
Equity Securities 
237,706,965 
US30049A1079 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1393 HK Equity 
HIDILI IND INTL 
Equity Securities 
237,599,220 
KYG444031069 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CTM SS Equity 
CATENA MEDIA PLC 
Equity Securities 
237,502,674 
MT0001000109 
Communication Services 
Malta 
Malta 
Stockholm 
1697 HK Equity 
SHANDONG INTER-H 
Equity Securities 
237,396,662 
CNE100002R24 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TRUE US Equity 
TRUECAR INC 
Equity Securities 
236,812,975 
US89785L1070 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NORAM NO Equity 
NORAM DRILLING AS 
Equity Securities 
236,800,032 
NO0010360019 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1660 HK Equity 
ZHAOBANGJI PROPE 
Equity Securities 
236,754,615 
KYG9898R1175 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VRAY US Equity 
VIEWRAY INC 
Equity Securities 
236,346,943 
US92672L1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SHF GR Equity 
SNP SCHNEIDER-NE 
Equity Securities 
236,332,843 
DE0007203705 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
KRI GA Equity 
KRI-KRI MILK 
Equity Securities 
236,308,252 
GRS469003024 
Consumer Staples 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
PG MV Equity 
PG PLC 
Equity Securities 
236,304,531 
MT0001410100 
Consumer Staples 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
951 HK Equity 
CHAOWEI POWER 
Equity Securities 
236,300,256 
KYG204791043 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AVAH US Equity 
AVEANNA HEALTHCA 
Equity Securities 
236,073,956 
US05356F1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VIS IR Equity 
VATRYGGINGAFILAG 
ISLANDS HF 
Equity Securities 
235,862,880 
IS0000007078 
Financials 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
FLL US Equity 
FULL HOUSE RESRT 
Equity Securities 
235,719,570 
US3596781092 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALT US Equity 
ALTIMMUNE INC 
Equity Securities 
235,552,956 
US02155H2004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KTEK GR Equity 
KATEK SE 
Equity Securities 
235,090,262 
DE000A2TSQH7 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SNG SM Equity 
SINGULAR PEOPLE 
Equity Securities 
235,067,075 
ES0105611000 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SDNS NO Equity 
SHELF DRILLING NORTH 
SEA LTD 
Equity Securities 
234,973,456 
BMG236541097 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
POL NO Equity 
POLARIS MEDIA ASA 
Equity Securities 
234,926,016 
NO0010466022 
Communication Services 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GL1 AU Equity 
GLOBAL LITHIUM R 
Equity Securities 
234,916,429 
AU0000142929 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CRMD US Equity 
CORMEDIX INC 
Equity Securities 
234,513,883 
US21900C3088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATNM US Equity 
ACTINIUM PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
234,394,561 
US00507W2061 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KODT CZ Equity 
KONEAR DISTRIBUT 
Equity Securities 
234,373,739 
HRKODTRA0007 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
UNTY US Equity 
UNITY BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
234,345,457 
US9132901029 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IFRX US Equity 
INFLARX NV 
Equity Securities 
234,320,236 
NL0012661870 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
SMHI US Equity 
SEACOR MARINE HO 
Equity Securities 
234,279,100 
US78413P1012 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MCE GR Equity 
MEDIQON GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
234,214,796 
DE0006618309 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BNB BB Equity 
BANQ NATL BELGIQ 
Equity Securities 
233,973,591 
BE0003008019 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
3718 HK Equity 
BEIJING ENTERPRI 
Equity Securities 
233,888,337 
KYG0958F1019 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TUHO CZ Equity 
TURISTHOTEL DD 
Equity Securities 
233,883,960 
HRTUHORA0001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
SIMINN IR Equity 
SIMINN HF 
Equity Securities 
233,756,960 
IS0000026193 
Communication Services 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
MG US Equity 
MISTRAS GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
233,728,925 
US60649T1079 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
2020 NO Equity 
2020 BULKERS LTD 
Equity Securities 
233,448,512 
BMG9156K1018 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
EHTH US Equity 
EHEALTH INC 
Equity Securities 
233,335,554 
US28238P1093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AEF AU Equity 
AUST ETHICAL INV 
Equity Securities 
233,223,362 
AU000000AEF4 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NYXH BB Equity 
NYXOAH SA 
Equity Securities 
233,048,657 
BE0974358906 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
PBFS US Equity 
PIONEER BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
233,019,781 
US7235611065 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1931 HK Equity 
IVD MEDICAL HOLD 
Equity Securities 
232,957,956 
KYG4977H1065 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
846 HK Equity 
MINGFA GROUP INT 
Equity Securities 
232,873,713 
KYG614131038 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DAM GR Equity 
DATA MODUL AG 
Equity Securities 
232,622,218 
DE0005498901 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CPACSPAC SS Equity 
CREASPAC AB 
Equity Securities 
232,580,671 
SE0016075691 
N/A 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TLYS US Equity 
TILLYS INC-CL A 
Equity Securities 
232,443,597 
US8868851028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York

--- Page 236 ---
Annex I - page 126 of 162 
 
VEFAB SS Equity 
VEF AB 
Equity Securities 
232,020,147 
SE0016128151 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CBNK US Equity 
CAPITAL BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
231,974,182 
US1397371006 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
419 HK Equity 
HUAYI TENCENT EN 
Equity Securities 
231,905,556 
KYG4642G1038 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JYNT US Equity 
JOINT CORP/THE 
Equity Securities 
231,822,685 
US47973J1025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCYO US Equity 
PURE CYCLE CORP 
Equity Securities 
231,167,041 
US7462283034 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SVL AU Equity 
SILVER MINES LTD 
Equity Securities 
230,951,406 
AU000000SVL8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VATE US Equity 
INNOVATE CORP 
Equity Securities 
230,848,160 
US45784J1051 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AEVA US Equity 
AEVA TECHNOLOGIE 
Equity Securities 
230,757,830 
US00835Q1031 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WGS US Equity 
GENEDX HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
230,694,508 
US81663L1017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1263 HK Equity 
PC PARTNER GROUP 
Equity Securities 
230,262,544 
KYG6956A1013 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1005 HK Equity 
MATRIX HLDGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
230,235,541 
BMG5888V1265 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
MYX AU Equity 
MAYNE PHARMA GRO 
Equity Securities 
230,189,077 
AU000000MYX0 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CY4 IM Equity 
CY4GATE SPA 
Equity Securities 
230,113,952 
IT0005412504 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
A1OS GR Equity 
ALL FOR ONE GROU 
Equity Securities 
230,063,769 
DE0005110001 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ACAG GA Equity 
AUSTRIACARD HOLD 
Equity Securities 
229,833,689 
AT0000A325L0 
N/A 
Austria 
Austria 
Athens 
GLN AU Equity 
GALAN LITHIUM LT 
Equity Securities 
229,760,251 
AU0000021461 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3700 HK Equity 
INKEVERSE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
229,636,518 
KYG4809C1015 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HSHP NO Equity 
HIMALAYA SHIPPING LTD 
Equity Securities 
229,354,656 
BMG4660A1036 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
CIX US Equity 
COMPX INTL INC 
Equity Securities 
229,036,192 
US20563P1012 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GFG GR Equity 
GLOBAL FASHION G 
Equity Securities 
228,769,279 
LU2010095458 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
RDY AU Equity 
READYTECH HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
228,731,961 
AU0000043002 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DMRE GR Equity 
DEMIRE REAL ESTA 
Equity Securities 
228,707,245 
DE000A0XFSF0 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
EFUEL NO Equity 
EVERFUEL A/S 
Equity Securities 
228,685,088 
DK0061414711 
Energy 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Oslo 
MAN AV Equity 
MANNER JOSEF & C 
Equity Securities 
228,606,836 
AT0000728209 
Consumer Staples 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
1935 HK Equity 
JH EDUCATIONAL T 
Equity Securities 
228,401,591 
KYG6578D1034 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UBS AV Equity 
UBM DEVELOPMENT 
Equity Securities 
228,395,393 
AT0000815402 
Real Estate 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
MBCN US Equity 
MIDDLEFIELD BANC 
Equity Securities 
228,346,626 
US5963042040 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NTG GR Equity 
NABALTEC 
Equity Securities 
228,344,152 
DE000A0KPPR7 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1977 HK Equity 
ANALOGUE HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
228,283,170 
BMG0418N1083 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CTT SS Equity 
CTT SYSTEMS AB 
Equity Securities 
228,276,087 
SE0000418923 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CARA US Equity 
CARA THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
228,180,383 
US1407551092 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FSBW US Equity 
FS BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
228,039,684 
US30263Y1047 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1846 HK Equity 
EUROEYES INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
227,964,541 
KYG3224D1088 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
APCA US Equity 
AP ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
227,915,625 
KYG040581061 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
PARP FP Equity 
GROUPE PARTOUCHE 
Equity Securities 
227,575,855 
FR0012612646 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AKTS US Equity 
AKOUSTIS TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
227,543,027 
US00973N1028 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OPFI US Equity 
OPPFI INC 
Equity Securities 
227,261,098 
US68386H1032 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FF IM Equity 
FINE FOODS & 
PHARMACEUTICALS 
Equity Securities 
227,098,896 
IT0005215329 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NXL AU Equity 
NUIX LTD 
Equity Securities 
227,024,918 
AU0000119307 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GBBK US Equity 
GLOBAL BLOCKCHAI 
Equity Securities 
226,948,875 
US37961B1044 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3939 HK Equity 
WANGUO INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
226,779,966 
KYG9430L1077 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LUNA US Equity 
LUNA INNOVATIONS 
Equity Securities 
226,759,945 
US5503511009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
A4L BU Equity 
ALTERKO AD 
Equity Securities 
226,656,907 
BG1100003166 
Information Technology 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
FNVT US Equity 
FINNOVATE ACQUIS 
Equity Securities 
226,461,375 
KYG3R34K1037 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BLC FP Equity 
BASTIDE 
Equity Securities 
226,447,000 
FR0000035370 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EXPL FP Equity 
EXPLOSIFS PROD. 
Equity Securities 
226,406,316 
FR0014003AQ4 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MNTN US Equity 
EVEREST CONSOLID 
Equity Securities 
226,406,250 
US29978K1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NORBT NO Equity 
NORBIT ASA 
Equity Securities 
226,357,168 
NO0010856511 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo

--- Page 237 ---
Annex I - page 127 of 162 
 
AJAX NA Equity 
AJAX 
Equity Securities 
225,763,987 
NL0000018034 
Communication Services 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
URGN US Equity 
UROGEN PHARMA LT 
Equity Securities 
225,732,217 
IL0011407140 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
ENRS SM Equity 
ENERSIDE ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
225,714,299 
ES0105634002 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
RDVT US Equity 
RED VIOLET INC 
Equity Securities 
225,709,010 
US75704L1044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XOMA US Equity 
XOMA CORP 
Equity Securities 
225,437,241 
US98419J2069 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SYNACT SS Equity 
SYNACT PHARMA AB 
Equity Securities 
225,422,634 
SE0008241491 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
1332 HK Equity 
TOUYUN BIOTECH G 
Equity Securities 
225,193,940 
BMG8962M1038 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BOAC US Equity 
BLUESCAPE OPPO-A 
Equity Securities 
225,191,852 
KYG1195N1051 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
DZSI US Equity 
DZS INC 
Equity Securities 
225,103,604 
US2682111099 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RGCO US Equity 
RGC RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
225,072,701 
US74955L1035 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BRIV US Equity 
B RILEY PRINCI-A 
Equity Securities 
224,949,375 
US05602L1044 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
M8G GR Equity 
MGI-MEDIA AND GA 
Equity Securities 
224,821,547 
SE0018538068 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Xetra 
NIVIB SS Equity 
NIVIKA FASTIGH-B 
Equity Securities 
224,369,025 
SE0017083272 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ITD IM Equity 
INTRED SPA 
Equity Securities 
224,284,736 
IT0005337818 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SWKH US Equity 
SWK HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
224,276,728 
US78501P2039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MIO ID Equity 
MINCON GROUP PLC 
Equity Securities 
224,268,873 
IE00BD64C665 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
NWFL US Equity 
NORWOOD FINL 
Equity Securities 
224,241,237 
US6695491075 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2633 HK Equity 
JACOBSON PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
224,224,660 
KYG677291067 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UNT PW Equity 
UNIMOT SA 
Equity Securities 
224,214,501 
PLUNMOT00013 
Energy 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
2798 HK Equity 
PERENNIAL ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
224,206,684 
KYG7011M1069 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MIG GA Equity 
MIG HOLDINGS SA 
Equity Securities 
224,159,270 
GRS314003005 
Financials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
MVBF US Equity 
MVB FINANCIAL CO 
Equity Securities 
224,159,261 
US5538101024 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KVHI US Equity 
KVH INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
224,091,223 
US4827381017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INO US Equity 
INOVIO PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
224,037,653 
US45773H2013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1050 HK Equity 
KARRIE INTL HLDG 
Equity Securities 
224,037,192 
BMG5215H1051 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FOTEX LX Equity 
FOTEX HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
223,950,673 
LU2057892510 
Real Estate 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
FOYRK GA Equity 
FOURLIS SA 
Equity Securities 
223,659,472 
GRS096003009 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
ALCAR FP Equity 
CARMAT 
Equity Securities 
223,627,677 
FR0010907956 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1115 HK Equity 
TIBET WATER RESO 
Equity Securities 
223,448,820 
KYG886121097 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
INTT US Equity 
INTEST CORP 
Equity Securities 
223,428,102 
US4611471008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SEDANA SS Equity 
SEDANA MEDICAL A 
Equity Securities 
223,345,952 
SE0015988373 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TNG FP Equity 
TRANSGENE SA 
Equity Securities 
223,103,103 
FR0005175080 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RUL AU Equity 
RPMGLOBAL HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
222,932,658 
AU000000RUL2 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BOS PW Equity 
BOS 
Equity Securities 
222,919,325 
PLBOS0000019 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ITAQ US Equity 
INDUSTRIAL TE-A 
Equity Securities 
222,729,844 
US45635R1086 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COBH BB Equity 
COBRHA 
Equity Securities 
222,648,742 
BE0003519270 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
IMS IM Equity 
IMMSI SPA 
Equity Securities 
222,622,288 
IT0001413837 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
FDE FP Equity 
FRANCAISE ENERGI 
Equity Securities 
222,381,550 
FR0013030152 
Energy 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GOPD HB Equity 
GOPD ZRT 
Equity Securities 
222,359,657 
HU0000186911 
Real Estate 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
2142 HK Equity 
HBM HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
222,210,942 
KYG4403H1002 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9982 HK Equity 
CENTRAL CHINA MA 
Equity Securities 
222,110,383 
KYG206AR1059 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RN IM Equity 
RISANAMENTO SPA 
Equity Securities 
222,028,864 
IT0001402269 
Real Estate 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
OCN US Equity 
OCWEN FINL CORP 
Equity Securities 
221,984,294 
US6757466064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALBFR FP Equity 
SIDETRADE 
Equity Securities 
221,920,713 
FR0010202606 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EQUI IM Equity 
EQUITA GROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
221,728,848 
IT0005312027 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
AGI AU Equity 
AINSWORTH GAME T 
Equity Securities 
221,600,978 
AU000000AGI3 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TSBK US Equity 
TIMBERLAND BANCP 
Equity Securities 
221,588,209 
US8870981011 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OB US Equity 
OUTBRAIN INC 
Equity Securities 
221,537,106 
US69002R1032 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACTG US Equity 
ACACIA RESEARCH 
Equity Securities 
221,391,315 
US0038813079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 238 ---
Annex I - page 128 of 162 
 
CPG PW Equity 
CAPITAL PARK SA 
Equity Securities 
221,309,844 
PLCPPRK00037 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
BTLS BB Equity 
BIOTALYS NV 
Equity Securities 
221,259,470 
BE0974386188 
Materials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
NKTX US Equity 
NKARTA INC 
Equity Securities 
221,174,127 
US65487U1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UUU GR Equity 
3U HOLDING AG 
Equity Securities 
221,130,131 
DE0005167902 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
M5Z GR Equity 
MANZ AG 
Equity Securities 
221,120,521 
DE000A0JQ5U3 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TCOA US Equity 
TRAJECTORY ALPHA 
Equity Securities 
220,800,000 
US89301B1044 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1588 HK Equity 
CHANJET INFO-H 
Equity Securities 
220,781,124 
CNE100001SQ1 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
TUSK US Equity 
MAMMOTH ENERGY S 
Equity Securities 
220,475,178 
US56155L1089 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PEPG US Equity 
PEPGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
220,458,259 
US7133171055 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DLTH US Equity 
DULUTH HLDGS - B 
Equity Securities 
220,318,567 
US26443V1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1728 HK Equity 
CHINA ZHENGTONG 
Equity Securities 
220,265,452 
KYG215A81084 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IZER SM Equity 
IZERTIS SA 
Equity Securities 
220,214,924 
ES0105449005 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CTGO US Equity 
CONTANGO ORE INC 
Equity Securities 
219,768,856 
US21077F1003 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FRGI US Equity 
FIESTA RESTAURAN 
Equity Securities 
219,753,889 
US31660B1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
185 HK Equity 
ZENSUN ENTERPRIS 
Equity Securities 
219,371,973 
HK0000769783 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
FGA FP Equity 
FIGEAC-AERO 
Equity Securities 
219,366,154 
FR0011665280 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
UHG US Equity 
UNITED HOMES GRO 
Equity Securities 
219,212,771 
US91060H1086 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2392 HK Equity 
XUAN WU CLOUD TE 
Equity Securities 
219,134,509 
KYG9831R1175 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GENC US Equity 
GENCOR INDS INC 
Equity Securities 
219,132,645 
US3686781085 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RWY IM Equity 
REWAY GROUP SPA 
Equity Securities 
219,001,232 
IT0005528069 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
EAST SS Equity 
EASTNINE AB 
Equity Securities 
218,980,447 
SE0002158568 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SHO PW Equity 
SHOPER SA 
Equity Securities 
218,951,075 
PLSHPR000021 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
GFOR US Equity 
GRAF ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
218,809,125 
US3842721009 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FMMB SS Equity 
FM MATTSSON MORA 
Equity Securities 
218,785,269 
SE0018040883 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BFG AU Equity 
BELL FINANCIAL G 
Equity Securities 
218,577,702 
AU000000BFG7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SRAG GR Equity 
SAMARA GROUP PLC 
Equity Securities 
218,566,279 
MT0001770107 
Financials 
Malta 
Malta 
Xetra 
OPAD US Equity 
OFFERPAD SOLUTIO 
Equity Securities 
218,553,612 
US67623L1098 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CLBR US Equity 
COLOMBIER ACQU-A 
Equity Securities 
218,535,938 
US19533H1086 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BARK US Equity 
BARK INC 
Equity Securities 
218,533,521 
US68622E1047 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
OVID US Equity 
OVID THERAPEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
218,523,681 
US6904691010 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CPS US Equity 
COOPER-STANDARD 
Equity Securities 
218,344,719 
US21676P1030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
VCW CY Equity 
VASSILICO CEMENT 
Equity Securities 
218,298,255 
CY0001201215 
Materials 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Nicosia 
ARNT CZ Equity 
ARENA HOSPITALIT 
Equity Securities 
217,686,303 
HRARNTRA0004 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
1719 HK Equity 
CHINA INFRASTRUC 
Equity Securities 
217,558,959 
KYG2163V1032 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NVCT US Equity 
NUVECTIS PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
217,450,420 
US67080T1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PLSE US Equity 
PULSE BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
217,287,274 
US74587B1017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3788 HK Equity 
CHINA HANKING 
Equity Securities 
217,225,704 
KYG2115G1055 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BHIL US Equity 
BENSON HILL INC 
Equity Securities 
217,209,218 
US0824901039 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
H24 GR Equity 
HOME24 SE 
Equity Securities 
217,116,993 
DE000A14KEB5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
INOD US Equity 
INNODATA INC 
Equity Securities 
217,046,816 
US4576422053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ZVRA US Equity 
ZEVRA THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
216,913,800 
US4884452065 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HOFI SS Equity 
HOIST FINANCE 
Equity Securities 
216,796,873 
SE0006887063 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PDI AU Equity 
PREDICTIVE DISCO 
Equity Securities 
216,387,770 
AU000000PDI8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
NN US Equity 
NEXTNAV INC 
Equity Securities 
216,374,550 
US65345N1063 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BSAQ US Equity 
BLACK SPADE-A 
Equity Securities 
216,320,000 
KYG115371000 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
1091 HK Equity 
SOUTH MANGANESE 
Equity Securities 
216,192,213 
BMG8291R1043 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
6638 HK Equity 
ONECONNECT FINAN 
Equity Securities 
216,113,835 
KYG6755B1106 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ENY IM Equity 
ENERGY SPA 
Equity Securities 
216,104,368 
IT0005500712 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SOCF LX Equity 
SOCFINAF 
Equity Securities 
215,937,614 
LU0056569402 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 239 ---
Annex I - page 129 of 162 
 
882 HK Equity 
TIANJIN DEV HLDG 
Equity Securities 
215,923,368 
HK0882007260 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
KFS US Equity 
KINGSWAY FINL 
Equity Securities 
215,766,506 
US4969042021 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
FM IM Equity 
FIERA MILANO SPA 
Equity Securities 
215,755,040 
IT0003365613 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SOM IM Equity 
SOMEC SPA 
Equity Securities 
215,705,392 
IT0005329815 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
30 HK Equity 
BAN LOONG HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
215,694,299 
BMG0865U1009 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1875 HK Equity 
TOT BIOPHARM INT 
Equity Securities 
215,595,807 
HK0000545266 
Health Care 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CNTY US Equity 
CENTURY CASINOS 
Equity Securities 
215,366,644 
US1564921005 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CDLX US Equity 
CARDLYTICS INC 
Equity Securities 
215,154,668 
US14161W1053 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1440 HK Equity 
DEYUN HOLDING LT 
Equity Securities 
215,085,549 
KYG2751J1085 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SAB IM Equity 
SABAF SPA 
Equity Securities 
215,067,712 
IT0001042610 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TOBII SS Equity 
TOBII AB 
Equity Securities 
214,989,554 
SE0002591420 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CRGE US Equity 
CHARGE ENTERPRIS 
Equity Securities 
214,910,711 
US1596101048 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EPIC NA Equity 
EPIC ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
214,895,566 
KYG3166N1060 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
EN Amsterdam 
PLBC US Equity 
PLUMAS BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
214,847,724 
US7292731020 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1525 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI GENCH 
Equity Securities 
214,639,683 
KYG8064A1067 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
STHO US Equity 
STAR HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
214,604,471 
US85512G1067 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3PL AU Equity 
3P LEARNING LTD 
Equity Securities 
214,404,353 
AU0000003PL9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ATSI SM Equity 
APLICACIONES Y T 
Equity Securities 
214,402,492 
ES0105691002 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CVCY US Equity 
CENTRAL VALLEY 
Equity Securities 
214,057,421 
US1556851004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BNORDIK DC Equity 
BANKNORDIK P/F 
Equity Securities 
213,928,361 
FO0000000088 
Financials 
Faroe Islands 
Faroe Islands 
Copenhagen 
SRP FP Equity 
SHOWROOMPRIVE 
Equity Securities 
213,899,861 
FR0013006558 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HT1 AU Equity 
HT&E LTD 
Equity Securities 
213,742,220 
AU000000HT18 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BSVN US Equity 
BANK7 CORP 
Equity Securities 
213,698,663 
US06652N1072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BACTIB SS Equity 
BACTIGUARD HLDG 
Equity Securities 
213,613,887 
SE0005878741 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ICVX US Equity 
ICOSAVAX INC 
Equity Securities 
213,603,262 
US45114M1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RIGL US Equity 
RIGEL PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
213,593,624 
US7665596034 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RROS SS Equity 
ROTTNEROS AB 
Equity Securities 
213,464,116 
SE0000112252 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
M7U GR Equity 
NYNOMIC AG 
Equity Securities 
213,409,863 
DE000A0MSN11 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IPG AU Equity 
IPD GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
213,388,471 
AU0000189318 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1469 HK Equity 
GET NICE FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
213,378,521 
KYG386201035 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6909 HK Equity 
BETTER LIFE HO 
Equity Securities 
213,318,010 
KYG1226F1054 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EM IM Equity 
EMAK SPA 
Equity Securities 
213,266,672 
IT0001237053 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
FNM IM Equity 
FNM SPA 
Equity Securities 
213,238,960 
IT0000060886 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
2698 HK Equity 
WEIQIAO TEXTI-H 
Equity Securities 
213,014,771 
CNE1000004M7 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CIG PW Equity 
CIGAMES 
Equity Securities 
212,880,718 
PLCTINT00018 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ZOM US Equity 
ZOMEDICA CORP 
Equity Securities 
212,747,073 
CA98980M1095 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
RCAC US Equity 
REVELSTONE CAP-A 
Equity Securities 
212,746,875 
US76137R1068 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MULN US Equity 
MULLEN AUTOMOTIV 
Equity Securities 
212,739,880 
US62526P1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QSI US Equity 
QUANTUM-SI INC 
Equity Securities 
212,730,422 
US74765K1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACT GR Equity 
ALZCHEM GROUP AG 
Equity Securities 
212,588,718 
DE000A2YNT30 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ZIMV US Equity 
ZIMVIE INC 
Equity Securities 
212,498,257 
US98888T1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1795 HK Equity 
YADONG GROUP HOL 
Equity Securities 
212,486,790 
KYG9830S1084 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OPTN US Equity 
OPTINOSE INC 
Equity Securities 
212,439,139 
US68404V1008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IKNA US Equity 
IKENA ONCOLOGY I 
Equity Securities 
212,364,790 
US45175G1085 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TWCB US Equity 
BILANDER ACQUI-A 
Equity Securities 
212,330,132 
US09001T1060 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DRTS US Equity 
ALPHA TAU MEDI 
Equity Securities 
212,242,412 
IL0011839383 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
NACON FP Equity 
NACON SA 
Equity Securities 
212,201,935 
FR0013482791 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
OTL NO Equity 
ODFJELL TECHNOLOGY 
LTD 
Equity Securities 
212,165,344 
BMG6716L1081 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo

--- Page 240 ---
Annex I - page 130 of 162 
 
RJF SM Equity 
LABORATORIO REIG 
Equity Securities 
212,115,134 
ES0165359029 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ORP FP Equity 
ORPEA 
Equity Securities 
212,112,304 
FR0000184798 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HPHA GR Equity 
HEIDELBERG PHARM 
Equity Securities 
212,049,179 
DE000A11QVV0 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
RENT US Equity 
RENT THE RUNWA-A 
Equity Securities 
212,036,582 
US76010Y1038 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTR1 GR Equity 
TECHNOTRANS SE 
Equity Securities 
211,899,869 
DE000A0XYGA7 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
OPT AU Equity 
OPTHEA LTD 
Equity Securities 
211,714,322 
AU000000OPT2 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PDSB US Equity 
PDS BIOTECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
211,685,673 
US70465T1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
266 HK Equity 
TIAN TECK LAND 
Equity Securities 
211,666,573 
HK0266001368 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
HHLA US Equity 
HH&L ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
211,648,529 
KYG397141030 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
CLIQ GR Equity 
CLIQ DIGITAL AG 
Equity Securities 
211,469,574 
DE000A0HHJR3 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
752 HK Equity 
PICO FAR EAST 
Equity Securities 
211,413,408 
KYG7082H1276 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CELC US Equity 
CELCUITY INC 
Equity Securities 
211,146,552 
US15102K1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2153 HK Equity 
TAT HONG EQUIPME 
Equity Securities 
211,080,042 
KYG8683B1059 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
230 HK Equity 
MINMETALS LAND 
Equity Securities 
211,049,762 
BMG6144P1014 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
2136 HK Equity 
LIFESTYLE CHINA 
Equity Securities 
210,808,654 
KYG548741050 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LIN AU Equity 
LINDIAN RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
210,726,129 
AU000000LIN6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SKA PW Equity 
SNIEZKA 
Equity Securities 
210,515,577 
PLSNZKA00033 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ESCA US Equity 
ESCALADE INC 
Equity Securities 
210,303,160 
US2960561049 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLX AU Equity 
METALS X LTD 
Equity Securities 
210,152,764 
AU000000MLX7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
622 HK Equity 
OSHIDORI INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
210,130,067 
BMG6804L1019 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SQI FP Equity 
SQLI SA-REG 
Equity Securities 
210,024,904 
FR0011289040 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ALFPC FP Equity 
FOUNTAINE PAJOT 
Equity Securities 
209,853,135 
FR0010485268 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RANA NO Equity 
RANA GRUBER ASA 
Equity Securities 
209,833,408 
NO0010907389 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MAH AU Equity 
MACMAHON HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
209,794,337 
AU000000MAH3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OVZON SS Equity 
OVZON AB 
Equity Securities 
209,680,391 
SE0010948711 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
JAKK US Equity 
JAKKS PACIFIC 
Equity Securities 
209,461,071 
US47012E4035 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2246 HK Equity 
GOGOX HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
208,993,763 
KYG9482E1008 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SAS SS Equity 
SAS AB 
Equity Securities 
208,786,145 
SE0003366871 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ITI US Equity 
ITERIS INC 
Equity Securities 
208,738,403 
US46564T1079 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SSBK US Equity 
SOUTHERN STATES 
Equity Securities 
208,721,625 
US8438783073 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RAC AU Equity 
RACE ONCOLOGY LT 
Equity Securities 
208,486,119 
AU000000RAC3 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
838 HK Equity 
EVA PRECISION 
Equity Securities 
208,469,491 
KYG321481015 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
INTEK GA Equity 
IDEAL HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
208,285,784 
GRS148003015 
Information Technology 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
MNC PW Equity 
MENNICA 
Equity Securities 
208,242,403 
PLMNNCP00011 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
HFFG US Equity 
HF FOODS GROUP I 
Equity Securities 
207,774,270 
US40417F1093 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IRRX US Equity 
INTEGRATED-CL A 
Equity Securities 
207,697,269 
US45827R1068 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ISRL US Equity 
ISRAEL ACQUISI-A 
Equity Securities 
207,661,920 
KYG496671010 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
2236 HK Equity 
WISON ENGINEERIN 
Equity Securities 
207,583,175 
KYG972301090 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TELA US Equity 
TELA BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
207,541,667 
US8723811084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EUR FP Equity 
EURO RESSOURCES 
Equity Securities 
207,501,666 
FR0000054678 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SATL US Equity 
SATELLOGIC INC-A 
Equity Securities 
207,356,360 
VGG7823S1011 
Industrials 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
MSH BU Equity 
M+S HIDRAVLIK 
Equity Securities 
207,326,221 
BG11MPKAAT18 
Industrials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
TCX US Equity 
TUCOWS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
207,064,074 
US8986972060 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GDHG US Equity 
GOLDEN HEAVEN GR 
Equity Securities 
207,000,000 
KYG3959D1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NETIB SS Equity 
NET INSIGHT AB-B 
Equity Securities 
206,557,090 
SE0000366098 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PAN AU Equity 
PANORAMIC RESOUR 
Equity Securities 
206,547,552 
AU000000PAN4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BRINB SS Equity 
BRINOVA FASTIGHE 
Equity Securities 
206,458,126 
SE0008347652 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HYZN US Equity 
HYZON MOTORS INC 
Equity Securities 
206,261,314 
US44951Y1029 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
825 HK Equity 
NEW WORLD DEPT C 
Equity Securities 
206,206,353 
KYG650071098 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 241 ---
Annex I - page 131 of 162 
 
FPE IM Equity 
FOPE SPA 
Equity Securities 
206,114,480 
IT0005203424 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CTCA1 NA Equity 
CLIMATE TRANSITI 
Equity Securities 
205,771,417 
NL0015000DC9 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
QUAD US Equity 
QUAD GRAPHICS IN 
Equity Securities 
205,749,832 
US7473011093 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORRF US Equity 
ORRSTOWN FINL SV 
Equity Securities 
205,719,789 
US6873801053 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLC ID Equity 
MALIN CORP PLC 
Equity Securities 
205,703,569 
IE00BVGC3741 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
EN Dublin 
BBN AU Equity 
BABY BUNTING GRO 
Equity Securities 
205,608,015 
AU000000BBN2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALERS FP Equity 
EUROBIO-SCIENTIF 
Equity Securities 
205,535,529 
FR0013240934 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FACT US Equity 
FREEDOM ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
205,241,564 
KYG3663X1108 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
3903 HK Equity 
HANHUA FIN-H 
Equity Securities 
205,098,160 
CNE100001S99 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WLDN US Equity 
WILLDAN GROUP IN 
Equity Securities 
205,091,904 
US96924N1000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1628 HK Equity 
YUZHOU GROUP HOL 
Equity Securities 
205,072,903 
KYG9884T1013 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EUBG BU Equity 
EUROHOLD BULGARI 
Equity Securities 
205,014,332 
BG1100114062 
Financials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
PKBK US Equity 
PARKE BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
204,885,408 
US7008851062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LINC US Equity 
LINCOLN EDUCATIO 
Equity Securities 
204,830,607 
US5335351004 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRBU RO Equity 
PRACTIC SA BUCUR 
Equity Securities 
204,749,683 
ROPRBUACNOR6 
Real Estate 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
SLC AU Equity 
SUPERLOOP LTD 
Equity Securities 
204,460,246 
AU000000SLC8 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SKEL IR Equity 
SKEL 
FJARFESTINGAFELAG HF 
Equity Securities 
204,210,992 
IS0000000503 
Consumer Discretionary 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
GPE FP Equity 
GPE GROUPE PIZZO 
Equity Securities 
204,067,192 
FR0010214064 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
JAQC US Equity 
JUPITER ACQUISIT 
Equity Securities 
203,990,367 
US4820821043 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6913 HK Equity 
SOUTH CHINA VOCA 
Equity Securities 
203,926,171 
KYG8281B1014 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GNG AU Equity 
GR ENGINEERING S 
Equity Securities 
203,904,987 
AU000000GNG0 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BPRN US Equity 
PRINCETON BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
203,803,420 
US74179A1079 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALOKW FP Equity 
GROUPE OKWIND SA 
Equity Securities 
203,659,921 
FR0013439627 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BCML US Equity 
BAYCOM CORP 
Equity Securities 
203,560,223 
US07272M1071 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RHI AU Equity 
RED HILL MINERAL 
Equity Securities 
203,557,544 
AU000000RHI5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GRIN US Equity 
GRINDROD SHIPPIN 
Equity Securities 
203,482,484 
SG9999019087 
Industrials 
Singapore 
Singapore 
NASDAQ 
113 HK Equity 
DICKSON CONCEPT 
Equity Securities 
203,381,116 
BMG275871231 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALPJT FP Equity 
POUJOULAT 
Equity Securities 
203,330,088 
FR0000066441 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ELOSB SS Equity 
ELOS MEDTECH AB 
Equity Securities 
203,285,232 
SE0000120776 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KNDI US Equity 
KANDI TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
203,281,069 
US4837091010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BBLN US Equity 
BABYLON HOLDIN-A 
Equity Securities 
203,112,344 
JE00BQWMWC12 
Health Care 
Jersey 
Jersey 
New York 
HBIO US Equity 
HARVARD BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
203,066,912 
US4169061052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LILM US Equity 
LILIUM NV 
Equity Securities 
202,870,608 
NL0015000F41 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
DBC PW Equity 
DEBICA 
Equity Securities 
202,813,245 
PLDEBCA00016 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SRV AU Equity 
SERVCORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
202,811,016 
AU000000SRV5 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FFIE US Equity 
FARADAY FUTURE I 
Equity Securities 
202,717,220 
US3073591097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GR6 BU Equity 
GRADUS AD 
Equity Securities 
202,676,309 
BG1100002184 
Consumer Staples 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
EOLUB SS Equity 
EOLUS VIND AB- B 
Equity Securities 
202,632,318 
SE0007075056 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BMAX SS Equity 
BYGGMAX GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
202,484,456 
SE0003303627 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RAM PL Equity 
RAMADA INVESTIME 
Equity Securities 
202,424,183 
PTFRV0AE0004 
Materials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
GWH US Equity 
ESS TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
202,349,612 
US26916J1060 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SGN PW Equity 
SYGNITY 
Equity Securities 
202,269,877 
PLCMPLD00016 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
2251 HK Equity 
BEIJING AIRDOC T 
Equity Securities 
202,125,123 
CNE100004QQ9 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HAS AU Equity 
HASTINGS TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
202,081,961 
AU000000HAS0 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PRPC US Equity 
CC NEUBERGER P-A 
Equity Securities 
202,074,330 
KYG1992N1007 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
PLAT GA Equity 
THRACE PLASTICS 
Equity Securities 
201,993,644 
GRS239003007 
Materials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
FAA GR Equity 
FABASOFT AG 
Equity Securities 
201,978,142 
AT0000785407 
Information Technology 
Austria 
Austria 
Xetra 
2409 HK Equity 
SEACON SHIPPING 
Equity Securities 
201,913,406 
KYG7945D1079 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 242 ---
Annex I - page 132 of 162 
 
335 HK Equity 
UPBEST GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
201,603,451 
KYG9288X1043 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1569 HK Equity 
MINSHENG EDUCATI 
Equity Securities 
201,486,012 
KYG6145R1065 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NECB US Equity 
NORTHEAST COMMUN 
Equity Securities 
201,464,050 
US6641211007 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BNNR US Equity 
BANNER ACQUISITI 
Equity Securities 
201,352,500 
US06654K1016 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BIF HB Equity 
BUDAPEST REAL ES 
Equity Securities 
201,189,300 
HU0000167986 
Real Estate 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
159 HK Equity 
BROCKMAN MINING 
Equity Securities 
200,975,746 
BMG1739E1084 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PMVP US Equity 
PMV PHARMACEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
200,945,055 
US69353Y1038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NOL NO Equity 
NORTHERN OCEAN LTD 
Equity Securities 
200,745,328 
BMG6682J1036 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
HOFT US Equity 
HOOKER FURNISHIN 
Equity Securities 
200,729,690 
US4390381006 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VGAS US Equity 
VERDE CLEAN FUEL 
Equity Securities 
200,709,306 
US9233721060 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SEFER FP Equity 
SERGE FERRARI GR 
Equity Securities 
200,681,836 
FR0011950682 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ALPA US Equity 
ALPHA HEALTHCA-A 
Equity Securities 
200,655,462 
US02073F1049 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OVLY US Equity 
OAK VALLEY BANCO 
Equity Securities 
200,584,784 
US6718071052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BKSY US Equity 
BLACKSKY TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
200,528,757 
US09263B1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NWG PW Equity 
NEWAG SA 
Equity Securities 
200,492,933 
PLNEWAG00012 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
PPE AU Equity 
PEOPLEIN LTD 
Equity Securities 
200,396,207 
AU000000PPE1 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
52 HK Equity 
FAIRWOOD HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
200,355,520 
BMG3305Y1619 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
2175 HK Equity 
CHINA GENERAL ED 
Equity Securities 
200,277,445 
KYG2124H1020 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
160 HK Equity 
HON KWOK LAND IN 
Equity Securities 
200,073,359 
HK0160011786 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CAJ AU Equity 
CAPITOL HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
199,933,731 
AU000000CAJ0 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SVRA US Equity 
SAVARA INC 
Equity Securities 
199,613,288 
US8051111016 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PRM SM Equity 
PRIM SA 
Equity Securities 
199,492,784 
ES0170884417 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
EMILB SS Equity 
FASTIGHETSBOLA-B 
Equity Securities 
199,443,897 
SE0016785786 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
6836 HK Equity 
TIANYUN INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
199,369,275 
VGG8880B1067 
Consumer Staples 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
1702 HK Equity 
DONGGUANG CHEMIC 
Equity Securities 
199,337,434 
KYG2815R1048 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VERI US Equity 
VERITONE INC 
Equity Securities 
199,239,203 
US92347M1009 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BAER US Equity 
BRIDGER AEROSPAC 
Equity Securities 
199,150,270 
US96812F1021 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENEA SS Equity 
ENEA AB 
Equity Securities 
198,907,615 
SE0009697220 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
618 HK Equity 
PKU RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
198,878,134 
BMG6982M1038 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
REVO IM Equity 
REVO INSURANCE SPA 
Equity Securities 
198,786,576 
IT0005513202 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PROB SS Equity 
PROBI AB 
Equity Securities 
198,753,993 
SE0001280355 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AROBS RO Equity 
AROBS TRANSILVAN 
Equity Securities 
198,649,320 
ROWMR49B0RG5 
N/A 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
6668 HK Equity 
E-STAR COMMERCIA 
Equity Securities 
198,634,348 
KYG3170A1085 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1400 HK Equity 
MOODY TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
198,621,947 
BMG622381454 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
INFU US Equity 
INFUSYSTEM HOLD 
Equity Securities 
198,495,366 
US45685K1025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3330 HK Equity 
LINGBAO GOLD-H 
Equity Securities 
198,174,296 
CNE1000001H3 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
1233 HK Equity 
TIMES CHINA HOLD 
Equity Securities 
198,135,507 
KYG8904A1004 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ABO GR Equity 
CLEARVISE AG 
Equity Securities 
198,019,629 
DE000A1EWXA4 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
BWB GR Equity 
BAADER BANK 
Equity Securities 
197,978,247 
DE0005088108 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AADI US Equity 
AADI BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
197,695,249 
US00032Q1040 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KSC AU Equity 
K & S CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
197,542,878 
AU000000KSC0 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VRG PW Equity 
VRG SA 
Equity Securities 
197,250,496 
PLVSTLA00011 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
PIHLIS FH Equity 
PIHLAJALINNA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
197,225,741 
FI4000092556 
Health Care 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
CPSS US Equity 
CONSUMER PORTFOL 
Equity Securities 
197,137,210 
US2105021008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKVA NO Equity 
AKVA GROUP ASA 
Equity Securities 
197,132,784 
NO0003097503 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1488 HK Equity 
BEST FOOD HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
197,084,137 
KYG1135C1024 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EMAN US Equity 
EMAGIN CORP 
Equity Securities 
197,075,093 
US29076N2062 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GRWG US Equity 
GROWGENERATION C 
Equity Securities 
197,009,351 
US39986L1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NXT SM Equity 
NUEVA EXPRESION 
Equity Securities 
196,967,663 
ES0126962069 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE

--- Page 243 ---
Annex I - page 133 of 162 
 
PTMN US Equity 
PORTMAN RIDGE FI 
Equity Securities 
196,666,373 
US73688F2011 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVLY US Equity 
CODORUS VLY BANC 
Equity Securities 
196,641,450 
US1920251048 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6609 HK Equity 
SHANGHAI HEART-H 
Equity Securities 
196,400,724 
CNE100004MN5 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ARYE US Equity 
ARYA SCIENCES -A 
Equity Securities 
196,277,895 
KYG316581001 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TCBX US Equity 
THIRD COAST BANC 
Equity Securities 
196,223,746 
US88422P1093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALXO US Equity 
ALX ONCOLOGY HOL 
Equity Securities 
196,142,635 
US00166B1052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HXCK GR Equity 
ERNST RUSS AG 
Equity Securities 
196,136,681 
DE000A161077 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
982 HK Equity 
HUAFA PROPERTY S 
Equity Securities 
196,094,320 
BMG4643X1056 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
NATR US Equity 
NATURES SUNSHNE 
Equity Securities 
196,089,440 
US6390271012 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LRMR US Equity 
LARIMAR THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
196,009,476 
US5171251003 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HEAR US Equity 
TURTLE BEACH COR 
Equity Securities 
195,844,734 
US9004502061 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABE PW Equity 
ABPL 
Equity Securities 
195,655,843 
PLAB00000019 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SPR1 NA Equity 
SPEAR INVESTMENT 
Equity Securities 
195,230,511 
NL0015000NM7 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
SPR1T NA Equity 
SPEAR INVESTM-TR 
Equity Securities 
195,230,511 
NL0015000NL9 
N/A 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
KLARAB SS Equity 
KLARABO SVER-B 
Equity Securities 
195,207,826 
SE0010832287 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ELC IM Equity 
ELICA SPA 
Equity Securities 
195,179,168 
IT0003404214 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
LOGIA SS Equity 
LOGISTEA AB-A 
Equity Securities 
194,987,893 
SE0017131329 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LOGIB SS Equity 
LOGISTEA AB-B 
Equity Securities 
194,986,000 
SE0017131337 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TBN AU Equity 
TAMBORAN RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
194,895,474 
AU0000154841 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CXAI US Equity 
CXAPP INC 
Equity Securities 
194,869,486 
US23248B1098 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PSTX US Equity 
POSEIDA THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
194,686,207 
US73730P1084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLDE US Equity 
BLADE AIR MOBILI 
Equity Securities 
194,533,669 
US0926671043 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KMCP NO Equity 
KMC PROPERTIES ASA 
Equity Securities 
194,067,152 
NO0010360175 
Real Estate 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
2008 HK Equity 
PHOENIX MEDIA IN 
Equity Securities 
194,023,643 
KYG706261099 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
603 HK Equity 
CHINA OIL AND GA 
Equity Securities 
193,879,805 
BMG2155W1010 
Utilities 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AELIS FP Equity 
AELIS FARMA SAS 
Equity Securities 
193,804,882 
FR0014007ZB4 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GRRR US Equity 
GORILLA TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
193,433,694 
KYG4000K1004 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
COFS US Equity 
SCHOICEONE FINL 
Equity Securities 
193,158,514 
US1703861062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CHMG US Equity 
CHEMUNG FINL CRP 
Equity Securities 
193,050,837 
US1640241014 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NORDH NO Equity 
NORDHEALTH AS - A 
Equity Securities 
192,951,616 
NO0011002651 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BINV SS Equity 
BIOINVENT INTL 
Equity Securities 
192,904,536 
SE0015244520 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TEM1V FH Equity 
TECNOTREE OYJ 
Equity Securities 
192,898,331 
FI0009010227 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
LRND GR Equity 
LEARND SE -A 
Equity Securities 
192,756,087 
LU2358378979 
N/A 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
ALCBI FP Equity 
CRYPTO BLOCKCHAI 
Equity Securities 
192,694,812 
FR0014007LW0 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
LCNB US Equity 
LCNB CORPORATION 
Equity Securities 
192,652,475 
US50181P1003 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLND US Equity 
BLEND LABS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
192,626,133 
US09352U1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
18 HK Equity 
ORIENTAL ENTERPR 
Equity Securities 
192,446,824 
HK0018000155 
Communication Services 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
JWAC US Equity 
JUPITER WEL-CL A 
Equity Securities 
192,443,000 
US48208E1082 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BEAG AV Equity 
:BE AG 
Equity Securities 
192,412,493 
AT0000A2SGH0 
Industrials 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
733 HK Equity 
HOPEFLUENT GROUP 
Equity Securities 
192,371,370 
KYG459921071 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MITRA BB Equity 
MITHRA PHARM 
Equity Securities 
192,336,244 
BE0974283153 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
SUNDELL HB Equity 
SUNDELL ESTATE 
Equity Securities 
192,311,007 
HU0000173752 
Real Estate 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
NKSH US Equity 
NATL BKSHS INC 
Equity Securities 
192,298,281 
US6348651091 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PREC FP Equity 
PRECIA 
Equity Securities 
192,256,056 
FR0014004EC4 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PAR AU Equity 
PARADIGM BIOPHAR 
Equity Securities 
192,238,559 
AU000000PAR5 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MITA US Equity 
COLISEUM ACQUI-A 
Equity Securities 
192,187,500 
KYG2263T1233 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
MCAA US Equity 
MOUNTAIN & CO I 
Equity Securities 
192,046,256 
KYG6301J1040 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
PAYS US Equity 
PAYSIGN INC 
Equity Securities 
192,021,651 
US70451A1043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVRX US Equity 
CVRX INC 
Equity Securities 
192,007,385 
US1266381052 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 244 ---
Annex I - page 134 of 162 
 
STBX US Equity 
STARBOX GROUP HO 
Equity Securities 
191,943,750 
KYG8437S1158 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TNYA US Equity 
TENAYA THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
191,903,268 
US87990A1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IVAC US Equity 
INTEVAC INC 
Equity Securities 
191,576,734 
US4611481080 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1141 HK Equity 
CMBC CAPITAL HOL 
Equity Securities 
191,503,414 
BMG2233G2014 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FRBA US Equity 
FIRST BANK/HAMIL 
Equity Securities 
191,388,087 
US31931U1025 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BCI AU Equity 
BCI MINERALS LTD 
Equity Securities 
191,146,170 
AU000000BCI0 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1948 HK Equity 
UJU HOLDING LTD 
Equity Securities 
191,085,242 
KYG9445Z1090 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ETC SM Equity 
ENERGY SOLAR TEC 
Equity Securities 
190,888,781 
ES0105687000 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
VABK US Equity 
VIRGINIA NATIONA 
Equity Securities 
190,856,738 
US9280311039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IBG SM Equity 
IBERPAPEL 
Equity Securities 
190,571,177 
ES0147561015 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CFFI US Equity 
C & F FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
190,439,399 
US12466Q1040 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTSH US Equity 
TILE SHOP HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
190,318,149 
US88677Q1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RCKY US Equity 
ROCKY BRANDS INC 
Equity Securities 
189,827,100 
US7745151008 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
APMI US Equity 
AXONPRIME -A 
Equity Securities 
189,750,000 
US05467C1080 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2126 HK Equity 
JW CAYMAN THERAP 
Equity Securities 
189,585,634 
KYG5210T1040 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3336 HK Equity 
JU TENG INTL HDG 
Equity Securities 
189,557,894 
KYG521051063 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ELA US Equity 
ENVELA CORP 
Equity Securities 
189,549,402 
US29402E1029 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3882 HK Equity 
SKY LIGHT HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
189,486,869 
KYG8191M1069 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BRBS US Equity 
BLUE RIDGE BNKSH 
Equity Securities 
189,464,660 
US0958251052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SADG NO Equity 
SANDNES SPAREBANK 
Equity Securities 
189,059,872 
NO0006001007 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BCBP US Equity 
BCB BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
189,017,655 
US0552981039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
G5EN SS Equity 
G5 ENTERTAINMENT 
Equity Securities 
189,004,486 
SE0001824004 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
SST AU Equity 
STEAMSHIPS TRAD 
Equity Securities 
188,827,719 
PG0008858709 
Industrials 
Papua New Guinea 
Papua New Guinea 
ASE 
PCB US Equity 
PCB BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
188,588,905 
US69320M1099 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ERES US Equity 
EAST RESOURCES-A 
Equity Securities 
188,576,032 
US2746811056 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
497 HK Equity 
CSI PROPERTIES 
Equity Securities 
188,574,697 
BMG2581C1091 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
WILC US Equity 
G. WILLI-FOOD 
Equity Securities 
188,522,096 
IL0010828585 
Consumer Staples 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
169 HK Equity 
WANDA HOTEL DEV 
Equity Securities 
188,494,654 
BMG9430N1039 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1727 HK Equity 
HEBEI CONSTRUC-H 
Equity Securities 
188,481,660 
CNE100002R32 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ALG AU Equity 
ARDENT LEISURE G 
Equity Securities 
188,413,655 
AU0000027484 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PREVB SS Equity 
PREVAS AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
188,131,440 
SE0000356008 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
USCB US Equity 
USCB FINANCIAL H 
Equity Securities 
187,982,400 
US90355N1019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMP SM Equity 
AMPER SA 
Equity Securities 
187,718,122 
ES0109260531 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
2341 HK Equity 
ECOGREEN INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
187,596,187 
KYG2920K1013 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PDLB US Equity 
PONCE FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
187,470,790 
US7323441060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GLTA US Equity 
GALATA ACQUISI-A 
Equity Securities 
187,414,063 
KYG3R23A1081 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
ACIU US Equity 
AC IMMUNE SA 
Equity Securities 
187,309,615 
CH0329023102 
Health Care 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
NASDAQ 
EGTX SS Equity 
EGETIS THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
187,211,799 
SE0003815604 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LFAC US Equity 
LF CAPITAL A-CLA 
Equity Securities 
187,109,350 
US50202D1028 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SUY1V FH Equity 
SUOMINEN OYJ 
Equity Securities 
187,060,562 
FI0009010862 
Consumer Staples 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
LMB US Equity 
LIMBACH HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
187,049,433 
US53263P1057 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
E4C GR Equity 
ECOTEL COMMUNICA 
Equity Securities 
186,787,451 
DE0005854343 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IMP RO Equity 
IMPACT DEVELOPER 
Equity Securities 
186,775,288 
ROIMPCACNOR0 
Real Estate 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
KLXE US Equity 
KLX ENERGY SERVI 
Equity Securities 
186,720,400 
US48253L2051 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KABEB SS Equity 
KABE GROUP AB-B 
Equity Securities 
186,653,234 
SE0000107724 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MLPAP FP Equity 
LES AGENCES DE P 
Equity Securities 
186,543,569 
FR0014003I41 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CHZVP BB Equity 
HET ZOUTE 
Equity Securities 
186,365,243 
BE0027840017 
N/A 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
GNFT FP Equity 
GENFIT 
Equity Securities 
186,298,110 
FR0004163111 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GEV CP Equity 
GEVORKYAN AS 
Equity Securities 
186,195,193 
SK1000025322 
N/A 
Slovakia 
Slovakia 
Prague SE

--- Page 245 ---
Annex I - page 135 of 162 
 
BULTEN SS Equity 
BULTEN AB 
Equity Securities 
186,158,625 
SE0003849223 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
GSQB US Equity 
G SQUARED ASC -A 
Equity Securities 
186,156,250 
KYG420411061 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
ELMRA NO Equity 
ELMERA GROUP ASA 
Equity Securities 
186,152,848 
NO0010815673 
Utilities 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
2250 HK Equity 
B.DUCK SEMK HOLD 
Equity Securities 
186,095,013 
KYG8021U1040 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TGAN US Equity 
TRANSPHORM INC 
Equity Securities 
185,874,957 
US89386L1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALMDG FP Equity 
MGI DIGITAL GRAP 
Equity Securities 
185,786,994 
FR0010353888 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
KRMD US Equity 
KORU MEDICAL SYS 
Equity Securities 
185,761,056 
US7599101026 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AQ RO Equity 
AQUILA PART PROD 
Equity Securities 
185,748,975 
RO7066ZEA1R9 
Industrials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
DFLI US Equity 
DRAGONFLY ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
185,640,003 
US26145B1061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SELB US Equity 
SELECTA BIOSCIEN 
Equity Securities 
185,515,887 
US8162121045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
716 HK Equity 
SINGAMAS CONTAIN 
Equity Securities 
185,116,454 
HK0716002271 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
VRA US Equity 
VERA BRADLEY INC 
Equity Securities 
185,060,845 
US92335C1062 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
64 HK Equity 
GET NICE HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
184,640,051 
KYG3926K1031 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ANIX US Equity 
ANIXA BIOSCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
184,621,462 
US03528H1095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YLFG SM Equity 
LAFINCA GLOBAL A 
Equity Securities 
184,615,781 
ES0105432001 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
RDW US Equity 
REDWIRE CORP 
Equity Securities 
184,485,411 
US75776W1036 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ONYX US Equity 
ONYX ACQUIS-CL A 
Equity Securities 
184,462,596 
KYG6755Q1091 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BIRD US Equity 
ALLBIRDS INC-A 
Equity Securities 
184,452,977 
US01675A1097 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FORSE FP Equity 
FORSEE POWER 
Equity Securities 
184,288,848 
FR0014005SB3 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
255 HK Equity 
LUNG KEE HLDG 
Equity Securities 
184,275,095 
BMG5697D1011 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ARBE US Equity 
ARBE ROBOTICS LT 
Equity Securities 
184,168,380 
IL0011796625 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
LEI GR Equity 
LEIFHEIT AG 
Equity Securities 
184,166,243 
DE0006464506 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SIVE SS Equity 
SIVERS SEMICONDU 
Equity Securities 
184,042,787 
SE0003917798 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
IPSC US Equity 
CENTURY THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
184,020,535 
US15673T1007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
COG AU Equity 
COG FINANCIAL SE 
Equity Securities 
183,806,073 
AU000000COG7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ACRV US Equity 
ACRIVON THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
183,694,913 
US0048901096 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BOLS NA Equity 
LUCAS BOLS 
Equity Securities 
183,557,372 
NL0010998878 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
NOHO FH Equity 
NOHO PARTNERS OY 
Equity Securities 
183,457,697 
FI4000064332 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1034 HK Equity 
FULLWEALTH INTER 
Equity Securities 
183,441,833 
KYG3691M1024 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALCO US Equity 
ALICO INC 
Equity Securities 
183,299,747 
US0162301040 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NORBB SS Equity 
NORDISK BERGTE-B 
Equity Securities 
183,049,348 
SE0015812128 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MACK US Equity 
MERRIMACK PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
183,035,535 
US5903282094 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
438 HK Equity 
IRICO GROUP NE-H 
Equity Securities 
182,838,213 
CNE1000003H9 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SKJE DC Equity 
SKJERN BANK 
Equity Securities 
182,810,167 
DK0010295922 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
6885 HK Equity 
HENAN JINMA EN-H 
Equity Securities 
182,795,745 
CNE100002QZ4 
Materials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
WKHS US Equity 
WORKHORSE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
182,781,326 
US98138J2069 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SFWL US Equity 
SHENGFENG DEV-A 
Equity Securities 
182,340,000 
KYG8117B1014 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
NINE US Equity 
NINE ENERGY SERV 
Equity Securities 
182,286,647 
US65441V1017 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
XAIR US Equity 
BEYOND AIR INC 
Equity Securities 
182,052,407 
US08862L1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IBU GR Equity 
IBU-TEC ADVANCED 
Equity Securities 
182,008,474 
DE000A0XYHT5 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
TETY SS Equity 
TETHYS OIL AB 
Equity Securities 
181,957,098 
SE0017859259 
Energy 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
4DX AU Equity 
4DMEDICAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
181,904,076 
AU0000095416 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PNRG US Equity 
PRIMEENERGY RESO 
Equity Securities 
181,871,350 
US74158E1047 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TTS RO Equity 
TTS TRANSPORT TR 
Equity Securities 
181,494,669 
ROYCRRK66RD8 
Industrials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
ATLO US Equity 
AMES NATL CORP 
Equity Securities 
181,461,930 
US0310011004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BWFG US Equity 
BANKWELL FINANCI 
Equity Securities 
181,363,985 
US06654A1034 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OCGN US Equity 
OCUGEN INC 
Equity Securities 
181,179,429 
US67577C1053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
R22 PW Equity 
R22 SA 
Equity Securities 
181,131,378 
PLR220000018 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
2180 HK Equity 
MANPOWERGROUP GR 
Equity Securities 
180,544,872 
KYG5795B1068 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 246 ---
Annex I - page 136 of 162 
 
TOP US Equity 
TOP FINANCIAL GR 
Equity Securities 
180,507,500 
KYG989A61029 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
2283 HK Equity 
TK GROUP HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
180,453,514 
KYG889391069 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PRQR US Equity 
PROQR THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
180,222,086 
NL0010872495 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
AZK SM Equity 
AZKOYEN 
Equity Securities 
180,114,586 
ES0112458312 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
93 HK Equity 
TERMBRAY INDUS 
Equity Securities 
180,110,684 
BMG8760C1414 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BCOV US Equity 
BRIGHTCOVE 
Equity Securities 
180,098,971 
US10921T1016 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
191 HK Equity 
LAI SUN GARMENT 
Equity Securities 
180,053,030 
HK0000356805 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
AFAGR FH Equity 
AFARAK GROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
179,984,440 
FI0009800098 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
3688 HK Equity 
TOP SPRING INTL 
Equity Securities 
179,968,214 
KYG892541098 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LVAC US Equity 
LAVA MEDTECH A-A 
Equity Securities 
179,745,000 
US5193451029 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CATX US Equity 
PERSPECTIVE THER 
Equity Securities 
179,706,442 
US46489V1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
AZT NO Equity 
ARCTICZYMES 
TECHNOLOGIES ASA 
Equity Securities 
179,432,304 
NO0010014632 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
NORTHM DC Equity 
NORTH MEDIA AS 
Equity Securities 
179,355,820 
DK0010270347 
Communication Services 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
TBNK US Equity 
TERRITORIAL BANC 
Equity Securities 
179,063,040 
US88145X1081 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACR NO Equity 
AXACTOR ASA 
Equity Securities 
178,910,320 
NO0010840515 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BEGR SS Equity 
BE GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
178,787,397 
SE0008321921 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KTCG AV Equity 
KAPSCH TRAFFICCO 
Equity Securities 
178,684,997 
AT000KAPSCH9 
Information Technology 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
TCFC US Equity 
COMMUNITY FINANC 
Equity Securities 
178,270,377 
US20368X1019 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
THRD US Equity 
THIRD HARMONIC B 
Equity Securities 
178,233,030 
US88427A1079 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MRUL CZ Equity 
MERITUS ULAGANJA 
Equity Securities 
178,157,784 
HRMRULRA0009 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
BEC IM Equity 
B&C SPEAKERS SPA 
Equity Securities 
177,972,032 
IT0001268561 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RAP1V FH Equity 
RAPALA VMC OYJ 
Equity Securities 
177,954,068 
FI0009007355 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ALTVO FP Equity 
EVOLIS 
Equity Securities 
177,949,033 
FR0004166197 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AKP AU Equity 
AUDIO PIXELS HOL 
Equity Securities 
177,455,824 
AU000000AKP0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OND PW Equity 
ONDE SA 
Equity Securities 
177,377,299 
PLONDE000018 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
TLS US Equity 
TELOS CORP 
Equity Securities 
177,377,149 
US87969B1017 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
133 HK Equity 
CHINA MERCHANTS 
Equity Securities 
177,368,346 
HK0133000726 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
3658 HK Equity 
NEW HOPE SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
177,346,909 
KYG6486M1042 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CABKA NA Equity 
CABKA 
Equity Securities 
177,175,096 
NL00150000S7 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
DSC2S NA Equity 
DUTCH STAR -TREA 
Equity Securities 
177,175,096 
NL00150002R5 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
6628 HK Equity 
TRANSCENTA HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
177,053,403 
KYG9005B1041 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9936 HK Equity 
XIMEI RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
177,021,369 
KYG9831K1040 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
592 HK Equity 
BOSSINI INTL 
Equity Securities 
177,018,365 
BMG1261P1095 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
VAM BU Equity 
VELGRAF ASSET MA 
Equity Securities 
176,821,458 
BG1100010104 
Real Estate 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
EYEN US Equity 
EYENOVIA INC 
Equity Securities 
176,661,619 
US30234E1047 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMT US Equity 
CORE MOLDING TEC 
Equity Securities 
176,613,099 
US2186831002 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1726 HK Equity 
HKE HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
176,562,764 
KYG451601010 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LBM IM Equity 
LABOMAR SPA 
Equity Securities 
176,393,776 
IT0005421646 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TERB BB Equity 
TER BEKE 
Equity Securities 
176,193,250 
BE0003573814 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
PKP PW Equity 
PKP CARGO SA 
Equity Securities 
175,976,280 
PLPKPCR00011 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1986 HK Equity 
TSAKER NEW ENERG 
Equity Securities 
175,894,684 
KYG910801045 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1104 HK Equity 
APAC RESOURCES L 
Equity Securities 
175,879,271 
BMG0403V2062 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SB1 GR Equity 
WSO1 GR 
Equity Securities 
175,863,667 
DE000A2GS609 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SOFF NO Equity 
SOLSTAD OFFSHORE ASA 
Equity Securities 
175,841,760 
NO0003080608 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ADCT US Equity 
ADC THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
175,800,709 
CH0499880968 
Health Care 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
New York 
BCAB US Equity 
BIOATLA INC 
Equity Securities 
175,748,731 
US09077B1044 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALMEX FP Equity 
MEXEDIA SPA 
Equity Securities 
175,480,193 
IT0005450819 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
EN Paris

--- Page 247 ---
Annex I - page 137 of 162 
 
WISH US Equity 
CONTEXTLOGIC I-A 
Equity Securities 
175,396,900 
US21077C3051 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BKP SV Equity 
BANKA INTESA SAN 
Equity Securities 
175,268,760 
SI0021109937 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
NKTR US Equity 
NEKTAR THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
175,080,351 
US6402681083 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ASXC US Equity 
ASENSUS SURGICAL 
Equity Securities 
174,745,999 
US04367G1031 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PTHR US Equity 
PONO CAPITAL T-A 
Equity Securities 
174,722,437 
KYG717041035 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BGFV US Equity 
BIG 5 SPORTING 
Equity Securities 
174,579,856 
US08915P1012 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EVBN US Equity 
EVANS BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
174,355,385 
US29911Q2084 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GCT US Equity 
GIGACLOUD TECH-A 
Equity Securities 
174,349,446 
KYG386441037 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CATO US Equity 
CATO CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
174,343,323 
US1492051065 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LOG CY Equity 
LOGICOM PUBLIC P 
Equity Securities 
174,304,107 
CY0005051111 
Information Technology 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Nicosia 
1526 HK Equity 
RICI HEALTHCARE 
Equity Securities 
174,228,803 
KYG755601054 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2297 HK Equity 
RAINMED MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
174,056,341 
KYG7360A1094 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MGT PW Equity 
MANGATA HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
174,053,597 
PLZTKMA00017 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
VRAP FP Equity 
VRANKEN POMMERY 
Equity Securities 
173,925,945 
FR0000062796 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
PAY BB Equity 
PAYTON PLANAR 
Equity Securities 
173,889,697 
IL0010830391 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
EN Brussels 
FSNB US Equity 
FUSION ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
173,657,554 
US36118N1028 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TRJ AU Equity 
TRAJAN GROUP HOL 
Equity Securities 
173,582,060 
AU0000150526 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BST AU Equity 
BEST & LESS GROU 
Equity Securities 
173,392,997 
AU0000160798 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
661 HK Equity 
CHINA DAYE NON-F 
Equity Securities 
173,258,780 
BMG2125C1029 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
DCFC US Equity 
TRITIUM DCFC LTD 
Equity Securities 
173,224,175 
AU0000205205 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
NASDAQ 
CXAC US Equity 
C5 ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
173,058,984 
US12530D1054 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
WNEB US Equity 
WESTERN NEW ENGL 
Equity Securities 
173,043,635 
US9588921018 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DHX US Equity 
DHI GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
172,793,254 
US23331S1006 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MRCC US Equity 
MONROE CAPITAL C 
Equity Securities 
172,680,730 
US6103351010 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SDC US Equity 
SMILEDIRECTCLUB 
Equity Securities 
172,660,282 
US83192H1068 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALTPC FP Equity 
TUNNEL PRADO-CAR 
Equity Securities 
172,653,104 
FR0004016699 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
3337 HK Equity 
ANTON OILFIELD 
Equity Securities 
172,353,339 
KYG039991024 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
124 HK Equity 
GUANGDONG LAND H 
Equity Securities 
172,246,035 
BMG4182K1009 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
DIGIA FH Equity 
DIGIA 
Equity Securities 
172,237,265 
FI0009007983 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
HURC US Equity 
HURCO COMPANIES 
Equity Securities 
172,091,075 
US4473241044 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3662 HK Equity 
AOYUAN HEALTHY L 
Equity Securities 
172,081,815 
KYG0404F1019 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HZN AU Equity 
HORIZON OIL LTD 
Equity Securities 
172,033,411 
AU000000HZN8 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
9908 HK Equity 
JIAXING GAS GR-H 
Equity Securities 
171,912,724 
CNE100003TX1 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
HYSG BB Equity 
HYBRID SOFTWARE 
Equity Securities 
171,645,673 
GB00BYN5BY03 
Information Technology 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
EN Brussels 
FVCB US Equity 
FVCBANKCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
171,444,474 
US36120Q1013 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LOT AU Equity 
LOTUS RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
171,395,161 
AU0000058737 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LATG US Equity 
LATAMGROWTH SPAC 
Equity Securities 
171,372,500 
KYG5380L1059 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ALKAL FP Equity 
KALRAY SADIR 
Equity Securities 
171,343,214 
FR0010722819 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
3315 HK Equity 
GOLDPAC GROUP 
Equity Securities 
171,225,916 
HK0000172855 
Information Technology 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
776 HK Equity 
IMPERIUM TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
171,171,042 
KYG4750S1131 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PEBK US Equity 
PEOPLES BANC NC 
Equity Securities 
171,027,217 
US7105771072 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MMS MV Equity 
MAPFRE MIDDLESEA 
Equity Securities 
170,950,254 
MT0000050105 
Financials 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
2100 HK Equity 
BAIOO 
Equity Securities 
170,811,213 
KYG070381051 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RPHM US Equity 
RENEO PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
170,730,524 
US75974E1038 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KNOP US Equity 
KNOT OFFSHORE PA 
Equity Securities 
170,565,856 
MHY481251012 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
New York 
ENVI NA Equity 
ENVIPCO HLDG 
Equity Securities 
170,516,213 
NL0015000GX8 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
863 HK Equity 
BC TECHNOLOGY GR 
Equity Securities 
170,356,597 
KYG1106B1095 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
9600 HK Equity 
NEWLINK TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
170,330,134 
KYG6462B1068 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ANTX US Equity 
AN2 THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
170,161,311 
US0373261058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 248 ---
Annex I - page 138 of 162 
 
BO DC Equity 
BANG & OLUFSEN 
Equity Securities 
170,131,768 
DK0010218429 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
MYFW US Equity 
FIRST WESTERN FI 
Equity Securities 
170,090,338 
US33751L1052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BSE AU Equity 
BASE RESOURCES L 
Equity Securities 
170,047,191 
AU000000BSE5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BMA NO Equity 
BYGGMA ASA 
Equity Securities 
169,996,736 
NO0003087603 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
RTX DC Equity 
RTX A/S 
Equity Securities 
169,956,606 
DK0010267129 
Information Technology 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
LMST US Equity 
LIMESTONE BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
169,601,606 
US53262L1052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MNSB US Equity 
MAINSTREET BANCS 
Equity Securities 
169,446,718 
US56064Y1001 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLCNT FP Equity 
CONSORT NT 
Equity Securities 
169,417,276 
FR0000077828 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CLN PW Equity 
CELON PHARMA SA 
Equity Securities 
169,322,469 
PLCLNPH00015 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SFC AU Equity 
SCHAFFER CORP 
Equity Securities 
169,185,416 
AU000000SFC0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CBAN US Equity 
COLONY BANKCORP 
Equity Securities 
169,077,177 
US19623P1012 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALTEO HB Equity 
ALTEO NYRT 
Equity Securities 
169,065,017 
HU0000155726 
Utilities 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
MRB PW Equity 
MIRBUD 
Equity Securities 
168,938,383 
PLMRBUD00015 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
WWL PW Equity 
WAWEL 
Equity Securities 
168,827,280 
PLWAWEL00013 
Consumer Staples 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
PRO IM Equity 
BANCA PROFILO SPA 
Equity Securities 
168,818,960 
IT0001073045 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SATS NO Equity 
SATS ASA 
Equity Securities 
168,704,160 
NO0010863285 
Consumer Discretionary 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
FXCO US Equity 
FINANCIAL ST-CLA 
Equity Securities 
168,605,720 
US31772T1079 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTEK SS Equity 
CTEK AB 
Equity Securities 
168,565,472 
SE0016798763 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KZR US Equity 
KEZAR LIFE SCIEN 
Equity Securities 
168,512,946 
US49372L1008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2878 HK Equity 
SOLOMON SYSTECH 
Equity Securities 
168,444,411 
KYG826051099 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SGA US Equity 
SAGA COMM-CL A 
Equity Securities 
168,356,103 
US7865983008 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
B3 SS Equity 
B3 CONSULTING GR 
Equity Securities 
168,315,339 
SE0008347660 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
UNITED FH Equity 
UNITED BANKERS O 
Equity Securities 
168,213,738 
FI4000081427 
Financials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
AMPLI FP Equity 
AMPLITUDE SURGIC 
Equity Securities 
168,196,546 
FR0012789667 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
YS US Equity 
YS BIOPHARMA CO 
Equity Securities 
167,921,977 
KYG9845F1090 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
IN4 IM Equity 
INDUSTRIAL STARS OF 
ITALY 4 
Equity Securities 
167,825,696 
IT0005447229 
N/A 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1769 HK Equity 
SCHOLAR EDUCATIO 
Equity Securities 
167,776,119 
KYG7853U1094 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FIB BU Equity 
CB FIRST 
Equity Securities 
167,614,591 
BG1100106050 
Financials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
HNST US Equity 
HONEST CO INC/TH 
Equity Securities 
167,088,096 
US4383331067 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TCS US Equity 
CONTAINER STORE 
Equity Securities 
167,074,565 
US2107511030 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ABA AU Equity 
AUSWIDE BANK LTD 
Equity Securities 
167,053,299 
AU000000ABA1 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
KOSKI FH Equity 
KOSKISEN OY/FINL 
Equity Securities 
167,003,891 
FI4000533005 
Materials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1782 HK Equity 
VIXTEL TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
166,962,641 
KYG937491028 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PEN PW Equity 
PHOTON ENERGY NV 
Equity Securities 
166,901,998 
NL0010391108 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Warsaw 
DRE AU Equity 
DREADNOUGHT RESO 
Equity Securities 
166,812,432 
AU0000040297 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
610 HK Equity 
WAI KEE HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
166,709,728 
BMG942051043 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SMLR US Equity 
SEMLER SCIENTIFI 
Equity Securities 
166,663,867 
US81684M1045 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPR PW Equity 
SPYROSOFT SA 
Equity Securities 
166,383,185 
PLSPRSF00011 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
AVTX NA Equity 
AVANTIUM 
Equity Securities 
166,300,381 
NL0012047823 
Industrials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
131 HK Equity 
CHEUK NANG HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
166,289,201 
HK0131037993 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
OUST US Equity 
OUSTER INC 
Equity Securities 
166,250,199 
US68989M1036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ARQQ US Equity 
ARQIT QUANTUM IN 
Equity Securities 
166,160,738 
KYG0567U1013 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
240 HK Equity 
BUILD KING HOLD 
Equity Securities 
166,113,190 
BMG1675M1064 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FRBN US Equity 
FORBION EUROPE-A 
Equity Securities 
166,032,831 
KYG3619H1020 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
2779 HK Equity 
CHINA XINHUA EDU 
Equity Securities 
165,983,295 
KYG216231061 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HFR AU Equity 
HIGHFIELD RESOUR 
Equity Securities 
165,915,032 
AU000000HFR1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
QB7 GR Equity 
QUIRIN PRIVATBAN 
Equity Securities 
165,884,525 
DE0005202303 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CCTS US Equity 
CACTUS ACQUISITI 
Equity Securities 
165,556,875 
KYG1745A1085 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ

--- Page 249 ---
Annex I - page 139 of 162 
 
3836 HK Equity 
CHINA HARMONY AU 
Equity Securities 
165,540,612 
KYG2118N1079 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
E9IA IM Equity 
E-NOVIA SPA 
Equity Securities 
165,468,240 
IT0005391229 
N/A 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NWF AU Equity 
NEWFIELD RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
165,190,372 
AU000000NWF9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ELLO US Equity 
ELLOMAY CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
165,155,717 
IL0010826357 
Utilities 
Israel 
Israel 
New York 
BTH AU Equity 
BIGTINCAN HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
165,122,441 
AU000000BTH6 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
31 HK Equity 
CHINA AEROSPACE 
Equity Securities 
165,060,603 
HK0031044180 
Information Technology 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
MTHH DC Equity 
MT HOJGAARD HOLD 
Equity Securities 
164,909,664 
DK0010255975 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
PWOD US Equity 
PENNS WOODS BNCP 
Equity Securities 
164,908,916 
US7084301032 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ABSI US Equity 
ABSCI CORP 
Equity Securities 
164,874,904 
US00091E1091 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BITTI FH Equity 
BITTIUM OYJ 
Equity Securities 
164,869,479 
FI0009007264 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
FOSL US Equity 
FOSSIL GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
164,854,844 
US34988V1061 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ESSA US Equity 
ESSA BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
164,765,621 
US29667D1046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MOUR BB Equity 
MOURY CONSTRUCT 
Equity Securities 
164,759,000 
BE0003602134 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
APG1L LH Equity 
APRANGA PVA 
Equity Securities 
164,750,406 
LT0000102337 
Consumer Discretionary 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
474 HK Equity 
ACESO LIFE SCIEN 
Equity Securities 
164,564,004 
KYG0070S1066 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EML AU Equity 
EML PAYMENTS LTD 
Equity Securities 
164,465,881 
AU000000EML7 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MLCHE FP Equity 
CHEOPS TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
164,390,197 
FR0010447086 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CCCC US Equity 
C4 THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
164,320,351 
US12529R1077 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DEEZR FP Equity 
DEEZER SA 
Equity Securities 
164,173,545 
FR001400AYG6 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SALR SV Equity 
SALUS DD 
Equity Securities 
164,107,241 
SI0031110453 
Health Care 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
BRKH US Equity 
BURTECH ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
164,083,307 
US1230131047 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NBA PL Equity 
NOVABASE SGPS SA 
Equity Securities 
163,997,699 
PTNBA0AM0006 
Information Technology 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
KSLAV FH Equity 
KESKISUOMAL-A SH 
Equity Securities 
163,969,143 
FI0009007546 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
SCT PL Equity 
TOYOTA CAETANO P 
Equity Securities 
163,935,444 
PTSCT0AP0018 
Consumer Discretionary 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
273 HK Equity 
MASON GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
163,897,848 
HK0000227089 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
FRLA US Equity 
FORTUNE RISE ACQ 
Equity Securities 
163,856,320 
US34969G1022 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IFIN US Equity 
INFINT ACQUISITI 
Equity Securities 
163,733,967 
KYG478621009 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
EDAC IM Equity 
EDILIZIACROBATICA SPA 
Equity Securities 
163,233,152 
IT0005351504 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ALEXA FP Equity 
EXACOMPTA CLAIRE 
Equity Securities 
162,972,150 
FR0000064164 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ONWD BB Equity 
ONWARD MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
162,951,771 
NL0015000HT4 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Brussels 
FLUGB DC Equity 
FLUEGGER GROUP 
Equity Securities 
162,925,573 
DK0010218189 
Materials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
NUBI US Equity 
NUBIA BRAND IN-A 
Equity Securities 
162,923,670 
US67022R1032 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VAQC US Equity 
VECTOR ACQUISI-A 
Equity Securities 
162,893,397 
KYG9460A1040 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TOAC US Equity 
TALON 1 ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
162,814,014 
KYG866561080 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CTRN US Equity 
CITI TRENDS INC 
Equity Securities 
162,773,787 
US17306X1028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RLYB US Equity 
RALLYBIO CORP 
Equity Securities 
162,686,182 
US75120L1008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LRS AU Equity 
LATIN RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
162,576,809 
AU000000LRS6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1370 HK Equity 
AOWEI HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
162,493,453 
KYG0403E1052 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
887 HK Equity 
EMPEROR WATCH & 
Equity Securities 
162,363,618 
HK0000047982 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
OBM AU Equity 
ORA BANDA MINING 
Equity Securities 
162,257,934 
AU0000050130 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OTOVO NO Equity 
OTOVO ASA 
Equity Securities 
162,222,064 
NO0010809783 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
340 HK Equity 
TONGGUAN GOLD GR 
Equity Securities 
162,053,290 
BMG8919D1074 
Materials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALGEV FP Equity 
GEVELOT SA 
Equity Securities 
162,027,086 
FR0000033888 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GLT US Equity 
GLATFELTER CORP 
Equity Securities 
161,826,369 
US3773201062 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SJ US Equity 
SCIENJOY HOLDI-A 
Equity Securities 
161,752,244 
VGG7864D1125 
Communication Services 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
BTBT US Equity 
BIT DIGITAL INC 
Equity Securities 
161,605,216 
KYG1144A1058 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CTX PW Equity 
CAPTOR THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
161,520,960 
PLCPTRT00014 
N/A 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
AGAC US Equity 
AFRICAN GOLD -A 
Equity Securities 
161,297,489 
KYG0112R1083 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
591 HK Equity 
CHINA HIGH PRECI 
Equity Securities 
161,244,097 
KYG211221091 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 250 ---
Annex I - page 140 of 162 
 
DR0 GR Equity 
DEUTSCHE ROHSTOF 
Equity Securities 
161,174,895 
DE000A0XYG76 
Energy 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
8053 HK Equity 
PIZU GROUP HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
160,938,020 
KYG7112V1041 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LACR FP Equity 
LACROIX GROUP 
Equity Securities 
160,880,603 
FR0000066607 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ALCLA FP Equity 
CLASQUIN 
Equity Securities 
160,832,688 
FR0004152882 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
533 HK Equity 
GOLDLION HLDG 
Equity Securities 
160,789,631 
HK0533002009 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
STRS US Equity 
STRATUS PROP 
Equity Securities 
160,780,155 
US8631672016 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GGE US Equity 
GREEN GIANT INC 
Equity Securities 
160,679,033 
US16948W2098 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NGI AU Equity 
NAVIGATOR GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
160,617,272 
AU000000NGI6 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
829 HK Equity 
SHENGUAN HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
160,497,234 
KYG8116M1087 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
IARB SS Equity 
IAR SYSTEMS GROU 
Equity Securities 
160,444,542 
SE0005851706 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FMIV US Equity 
FORUM MERGER -A 
Equity Securities 
160,238,071 
US3498751045 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1979 HK Equity 
TEN PAO GROUP HO 
Equity Securities 
160,138,928 
KYG876031090 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ZFOX US Equity 
ZEROFOX HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
160,082,567 
US98955G1031 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FYNBK DC Equity 
FYNSKE BANK 
Equity Securities 
159,993,353 
DK0060520377 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
JSPR US Equity 
JASPER THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
159,991,888 
US4718711033 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLZE US Equity 
BACKBLAZE INC-A 
Equity Securities 
159,838,000 
US05637B1052 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HVAR BU Equity 
HOLDING VARNA A 
Equity Securities 
159,695,477 
BG1100036984 
Financials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
HUBC US Equity 
HUB CYBER SECURI 
Equity Securities 
159,657,722 
IL0010840036 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
2003 HK Equity 
VCREDIT HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
159,622,046 
KYG940441077 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LTRX US Equity 
LANTRONIX INC 
Equity Securities 
159,586,868 
US5165482036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
7801 HK Equity 
INTERRA ACQUIS-Z 
Equity Securities 
159,396,940 
KYG4922M1197 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GRLA DC Equity 
GRONLANDSBANKEN 
Equity Securities 
159,383,713 
DK0010230630 
Financials 
Greenland 
Greenland 
Copenhagen 
TMR SK Equity 
TATRY MOUNTAIN 6 
Equity Securities 
159,290,581 
SK1120010287 
Consumer Discretionary 
Slovakia 
Slovakia 
Bratislava 
7855 HK Equity 
TECHSTAR ACQUISI 
Equity Securities 
159,205,727 
KYG8730C1069 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SGF IM Equity 
SOGEFI 
Equity Securities 
159,162,960 
IT0000076536 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
EAC US Equity 
EDIFY ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
158,903,433 
US28059Q1031 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PARKEN DC Equity 
PARKEN SPORT & E 
Equity Securities 
158,854,309 
DK0010237643 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
SITOWS FH Equity 
SITOWISE GROUP P 
Equity Securities 
158,819,475 
FI4000480215 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MLSCI FP Equity 
SCIENTIA SCHOOL 
Equity Securities 
158,724,724 
ES0105592002 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
EN Paris 
CGS AU Equity 
COGSTATE LTD 
Equity Securities 
158,581,651 
AU000000CGS8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3329 HK Equity 
BOCOM INTERNATIO 
Equity Securities 
158,492,261 
HK0000337987 
Financials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
635 HK Equity 
PLAYMATES HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
158,452,010 
BMG7130P2206 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
WR1 AU Equity 
WINSOME RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
158,334,549 
AU0000182628 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MNS AU Equity 
MAGNIS ENERGY TE 
Equity Securities 
158,333,740 
AU000000MNS3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PKOH US Equity 
PARK OHIO HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
158,304,235 
US7006661000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
QPM AU Equity 
QUEENSLAND PACIF 
Equity Securities 
158,287,231 
AU0000122251 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FLME US Equity 
FLAME ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
158,233,082 
US33850F1084 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
3838 HK Equity 
CHINA STARCH HLD 
Equity Securities 
158,063,844 
KYG2161A1195 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WEW GR Equity 
WESTWING GROUP S 
Equity Securities 
157,913,839 
DE000A2N4H07 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MFIN US Equity 
MEDALLION FINL 
Equity Securities 
157,875,290 
US5839281061 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
896 HK Equity 
HANISON CONSTRUC 
Equity Securities 
157,811,435 
KYG428581030 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FC9 GR Equity 
FCR IMMOBILIEN A 
Equity Securities 
157,810,252 
DE000A1YC913 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
7827 HK Equity 
VISION DEAL HK-Z 
Equity Securities 
157,802,970 
KYG9491B1059 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ABL NO Equity 
ABL GROUP ASA 
Equity Securities 
157,556,064 
NO0010715394 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
UPG BB Equity 
UNIFIEDPOST GROU 
Equity Securities 
157,554,623 
BE0974371032 
Information Technology 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
LIBY US Equity 
LIBERTY RES-CL A 
Equity Securities 
157,548,757 
US53118A1051 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VICO SS Equity 
VICORE PHARMA HO 
Equity Securities 
157,525,034 
SE0007577895 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HWBK US Equity 
HAWTHORN BANCSHA 
Equity Securities 
157,369,508 
US4204761039 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AST PW Equity 
ASTARTA 
Equity Securities 
157,312,832 
NL0000686509 
Consumer Staples 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Warsaw

--- Page 251 ---
Annex I - page 141 of 162 
 
EVGR US Equity 
EVERGREEN CORP-A 
Equity Securities 
157,274,125 
KYG3312W1096 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TAST US Equity 
CARROLS RESTAURA 
Equity Securities 
157,118,702 
US14574X1046 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LM8 AU Equity 
LUNNON METALS LT 
Equity Securities 
157,116,066 
AU0000148975 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SUKC CZ Equity 
SUNCE KONCERN D 
Equity Securities 
157,114,190 
HRSUKCRA0001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
560 HK Equity 
CHU KONG SHIPPIN 
Equity Securities 
157,108,194 
HK0560006634 
Industrials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
3869 HK Equity 
HOSPITAL CORP OF 
Equity Securities 
157,032,639 
KYG4612W1042 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
INDB IM Equity 
INDEL B SPA 
Equity Securities 
156,998,192 
IT0005245508 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
GTH IM Equity 
GREENTHESIS SPA 
Equity Securities 
156,960,240 
IT0001042297 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BMAQ US Equity 
BLOCKCHAIN MOON 
Equity Securities 
156,933,000 
US09370F1093 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMAP US Equity 
SPORTSMAP TECH A 
Equity Securities 
156,813,475 
US84921J1088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RMTG SV Equity 
TAB DD 
Equity Securities 
156,749,552 
SI0031103219 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
MED GR Equity 
MEDICLIN AG 
Equity Securities 
156,678,744 
DE0006595101 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
NETEL SS Equity 
NETEL HOLDING AB 
Equity Securities 
156,564,229 
SE0016798417 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KRNL US Equity 
KERNEL GROUP-A 
Equity Securities 
156,535,449 
KYG5259L1032 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
KYCH US Equity 
KEYARCH ACQUISIT 
Equity Securities 
156,340,800 
KYG5260A1040 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ENT PW Equity 
ENTER AIR SA 
Equity Securities 
156,328,792 
PLENTER00017 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SAGA US Equity 
SAGALIAM ACQUISI 
Equity Securities 
156,047,200 
US78661R1068 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MDKA CZ Equity 
MEDIKA DD 
Equity Securities 
156,032,018 
HRMDKARA0000 
Health Care 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
TRG SM Equity 
TUBOS REUNIDOS 
Equity Securities 
155,954,043 
ES0180850416 
Materials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ALCJ FP Equity 
CROSSJECT 
Equity Securities 
155,844,810 
FR0011716265 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ASN AU Equity 
ANSON RESOURCES 
Equity Securities 
155,806,270 
AU000000ASN8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PRTK US Equity 
PARATEK PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
155,761,586 
US6993743029 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CLC PW Equity 
COLUMBUS CAPITAL 
Equity Securities 
155,655,492 
PLSTIGR00012 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ROSS US Equity 
ROSS ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
155,611,204 
KYG7641C1069 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
OXSQ US Equity 
OXFORD SQUARE CA 
Equity Securities 
155,597,713 
US69181V1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
INMB US Equity 
INMUNE BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
155,591,777 
US45782T1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GE IM Equity 
GEFRAN SPA 
Equity Securities 
155,584,288 
IT0003203947 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
952 HK Equity 
CHINA TONGHAI IN 
Equity Securities 
155,520,291 
BMG2118X1056 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BHG SS Equity 
BHG GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
155,455,020 
SE0010948588 
Consumer Discretionary 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CFI PW Equity 
CFI HOLDING SA 
Equity Securities 
155,162,511 
PLINTKS00013 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ALSA US Equity 
ALPHA STAR ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
154,843,650 
KYG0230C1087 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
848 HK Equity 
MAOYE INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
154,541,124 
KYG5804G1047 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OJM IM Equity 
OPENJOBMETIS SPA 
AGENZIA PER 
Equity Securities 
154,167,104 
IT0003683528 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MASI IM Equity 
MASI AGRICOLA SPA 
Equity Securities 
154,115,040 
IT0004125677 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PEXIP NO Equity 
PEXIP HOLDING ASA 
Equity Securities 
154,099,904 
NO0010840507 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
DDRIL NO Equity 
DOLPHIN DRILLING AS 
Equity Securities 
153,770,080 
NO0012595950 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MKFG US Equity 
MARKFORGED HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
153,700,861 
US57064N1028 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SLNA US Equity 
SELINA HOSPITALI 
Equity Securities 
153,649,270 
GB00BQ1MW662 
Consumer Discretionary 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
NASDAQ 
672 HK Equity 
ZHONG AN GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
153,640,598 
KYG9898N1161 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BCSA US Equity 
BLOCKCHAIN COI-A 
Equity Securities 
153,627,291 
KYG117651078 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
STX PW Equity 
STALEXP 
Equity Securities 
153,531,577 
PLSTLEX00019 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1161 HK Equity 
WATER OASIS 
Equity Securities 
153,451,436 
KYG9477E1070 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ABOS US Equity 
ACUMEN PHARMACEU 
Equity Securities 
153,433,732 
US00509G2093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVC AU Equity 
CVC LTD 
Equity Securities 
153,341,789 
AU000000CVC1 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ROCL US Equity 
ROTH CH ACQUISIT 
Equity Securities 
153,261,045 
US77867R1005 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1996 HK Equity 
REDSUN PROPERTIE 
Equity Securities 
153,123,392 
KYG7459A1013 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CBOT FP Equity 
CBO TERRITORIA 
Equity Securities 
153,114,428 
FR0010193979 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AEF IM Equity 
AEFFE SPA 
Equity Securities 
153,095,696 
IT0001384590 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana

--- Page 252 ---
Annex I - page 142 of 162 
 
860 HK Equity 
APOLLO FUTURE MO 
Equity Securities 
153,076,772 
KYG0410B1023 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2170 HK Equity 
SUZHOU BASECAR-H 
Equity Securities 
152,967,449 
CNE100004BC1 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
SCK IM Equity 
SCIUKER FRAMES SPA 
Equity Securities 
152,948,016 
IT0005340051 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
RSL2 GR Equity 
R STAHL AG 
Equity Securities 
152,944,842 
DE000A1PHBB5 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AIW IM Equity 
ALMAWAVE SPA 
Equity Securities 
152,860,064 
IT0005434615 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MRX GR Equity 
MISTER SPEX SE 
Equity Securities 
152,724,530 
DE000A3CSAE2 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
147 HK Equity 
INTERNATIONAL BU 
Equity Securities 
152,718,544 
BMG4824K1045 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALLDL FP Equity 
GROUPE LDLC 
Equity Securities 
152,682,018 
FR0000075442 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
DIBS US Equity 
1STDIBS.COM INC 
Equity Securities 
152,506,076 
US3205511047 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FCCO US Equity 
FIRST COMTY CORP 
Equity Securities 
152,505,099 
US3198351047 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EGIO US Equity 
EDGIO INC 
Equity Securities 
152,494,642 
US53261M1045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YOTA US Equity 
YOTTA ACQUISITIO 
Equity Securities 
152,483,650 
US98741Y1038 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AXTI US Equity 
AXT INC 
Equity Securities 
152,436,844 
US00246W1036 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FTII US Equity 
FUTURETECH II -A 
Equity Securities 
152,434,800 
US36119D1037 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HUM AU Equity 
HUMM GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
152,332,295 
AU0000121337 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DJUR DC Equity 
DJURSLANDS BANK 
Equity Securities 
152,211,445 
DK0060136273 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
XSPRAY SS Equity 
XSPRAY PHARMA AB 
Equity Securities 
152,096,540 
SE0009973563 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
CIAK CZ Equity 
CIAK GRUPA DD ZA 
Equity Securities 
152,021,178 
HRCIAKRA0007 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
AFAR US Equity 
AURA FAT PROJ-A 
Equity Securities 
152,000,100 
KYG063621000 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BGI US Equity 
BIRKS GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
151,908,159 
CA09088U1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
Canada 
Canada 
New York 
DVD NO Equity 
DEEP VALUE DRILLER AS 
Equity Securities 
151,889,264 
NO0010955917 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
LGST US Equity 
SEMPER PARATUS-A 
Equity Securities 
151,852,700 
KYG8028L1077 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
WEL US Equity 
INTEGRATED WEL-A 
Equity Securities 
151,800,000 
KYG4828B1005 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
GLSI US Equity 
GREENWICH LIFESC 
Equity Securities 
151,736,829 
US3968791083 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WTN PW Equity 
WITTCHEN SA 
Equity Securities 
151,716,184 
PLWTCHN00030 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CHEA US Equity 
CHENGHE A-A 
Equity Securities 
151,512,500 
KYG2086M1078 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ATA AU Equity 
ATTURRA LTD 
Equity Securities 
151,433,730 
AU0000190308 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
FGBI US Equity 
FIRST GUARANTY B 
Equity Securities 
151,428,327 
US32043P1066 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FEXD US Equity 
FINTECH ECOSYS-A 
Equity Securities 
151,396,925 
US3181361086 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9906 HK Equity 
HONLIV HEALTHCAR 
Equity Securities 
151,339,512 
KYG4594A1040 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1383 HK Equity 
LET GROUP HOLDIN 
Equity Securities 
151,113,056 
KYG8572D1135 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RFG IM Equity 
RACING FORCE SPA 
Equity Securities 
151,095,440 
IT0005466963 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ADRT US Equity 
AULT DISRUPTIVE 
Equity Securities 
151,081,250 
US05150A1043 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CVN AU Equity 
CARNARVON ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
151,080,688 
AU000000CVN8 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6661 HK Equity 
HUZHOU GAS CO LT 
Equity Securities 
151,069,423 
CNE100005D19 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
IVL1L LH Equity 
INVALDA LT AB 
Equity Securities 
151,013,893 
LT0000102279 
Financials 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
2111 HK Equity 
BEST PACIFIC INT 
Equity Securities 
151,005,892 
KYG106891008 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SIT IM Equity 
SIT SPA 
Equity Securities 
150,937,776 
IT0005262149 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CNB AU Equity 
CARNABY RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
150,888,478 
AU0000046203 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2768 HK Equity 
JIAYUAN INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
150,876,460 
KYG5139G1001 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FTE PW Equity 
FORTE 
Equity Securities 
150,861,108 
PLFORTE00012 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
RFAC US Equity 
RF ACQUISITION-A 
Equity Securities 
150,851,250 
US74954L1044 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
M12 GR Equity 
M1 KLINIKEN AG 
Equity Securities 
150,753,487 
DE000A0STSQ8 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
VOT PW Equity 
VOTUM 
Equity Securities 
150,735,911 
PLVOTUM00016 
Financials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1692 HK Equity 
TOWN RAY HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
150,461,794 
KYG8973U1022 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PYRUM NO Equity 
PYRUM INNOVATIONS AG 
Equity Securities 
150,461,728 
DE000A2G8ZX8 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Oslo 
TION GR Equity 
TION RENEWABLES 
Equity Securities 
150,283,570 
DE000A2YN371 
Utilities 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
COTE RO Equity 
CONPET 
Equity Securities 
150,183,970 
ROCOTEACNOR7 
Energy 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
FDV AU Equity 
FRONTIER DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
150,070,305 
AU000000FDV2 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 253 ---
Annex I - page 143 of 162 
 
CUE US Equity 
CUE BIOPHARMA IN 
Equity Securities 
150,010,426 
US22978P1066 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALLHB FP Equity 
LES HOTELS BAVER 
Equity Securities 
149,990,387 
FR0007080254 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HYPRO NO Equity 
HYDROGENPRO ASA 
Equity Securities 
149,985,872 
NO0010892359 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
EFHT US Equity 
EF HUTTON ACQUIS 
Equity Securities 
149,983,125 
US28201D1090 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TGVC US Equity 
TG VENTURE ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
149,956,217 
US87251T1097 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GYLDB DC Equity 
GYLDENDAL- B SHS 
Equity Securities 
149,778,630 
DK0010247600 
Communication Services 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
GYLDA DC Equity 
GYLDENDAL- A SHS 
Equity Securities 
149,776,417 
DK0010247527 
Communication Services 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
INTRK GA Equity 
INTRACOM SA-REG 
Equity Securities 
149,743,098 
GRS087003000 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
ANZU US Equity 
ANZU SPECIAL -A 
Equity Securities 
149,676,495 
US03737A1016 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALVIV FP Equity 
VISIATIV SA 
Equity Securities 
149,660,289 
FR0004029478 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
202 HK Equity 
EVERCHINA INTL 
Equity Securities 
149,606,174 
HK0000062734 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
GDG AU Equity 
GENERATION DEVEL 
Equity Securities 
149,587,266 
AU0000005126 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
251 HK Equity 
SEA HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
149,573,797 
BMG7946B1000 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
YRM IM Equity 
ROSETTI MARINO SPA 
Equity Securities 
149,178,400 
IT0001017851 
Energy 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
769 HK Equity 
CHINA RARE EARTH 
Equity Securities 
149,154,789 
KYG210891001 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALIDS FP Equity 
IDSUD 
Equity Securities 
149,111,247 
FR0000062184 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1786 HK Equity 
CRCC HIGH-TECH-H 
Equity Securities 
149,086,067 
CNE1000023F1 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FULC US Equity 
FULCRUM THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
148,839,176 
US3596161097 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANG AU Equity 
AUSTIN ENGINEERI 
Equity Securities 
148,828,597 
AU000000ANG3 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ABT IM Equity 
ABITARE IN SPA 
Equity Securities 
148,809,824 
IT0005445280 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1863 HK Equity 
CHINA LONGEVITY 
Equity Securities 
148,801,783 
KYG2133P1037 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GNX AU Equity 
GENEX POWER LTD 
Equity Securities 
148,801,271 
AU000000GNX5 
Utilities 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OLMA US Equity 
OLEMA PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
148,712,198 
US68062P1066 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2327 HK Equity 
MEILLEURE HEALTH 
Equity Securities 
148,657,486 
BMG5975D1048 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
INC IM Equity 
INNOVATEC SPA 
Equity Securities 
148,637,008 
IT0005412298 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SVM AU Equity 
SOVEREIGN METALS 
Equity Securities 
148,588,382 
AU000000SVM6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GSD US Equity 
GLOBAL SYSTEMS-A 
Equity Securities 
148,578,768 
US37653T1088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
698 HK Equity 
TONGDA GROUP HLD 
Equity Securities 
148,576,536 
KYG8917X1218 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
EYPT US Equity 
EYEPOINT PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
148,527,340 
US30233G2093 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WMPN US Equity 
WILLIAM PENN BAN 
Equity Securities 
148,521,118 
US96927A1051 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CALB US Equity 
CALIFORNIA BANCO 
Equity Securities 
148,492,086 
US13005U1016 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
KAMP GA Equity 
REDS SA 
Equity Securities 
148,401,684 
GRS106003007 
Real Estate 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
INTE US Equity 
INTEGRAL ACQUI-A 
Equity Securities 
148,350,000 
US45827K1016 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LGI AU Equity 
LGI LTD/AUSTRALI 
Equity Securities 
148,201,096 
AU0000237638 
Utilities 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DCACS NA Equity 
DISRUPTIVE CAPIT 
Equity Securities 
148,189,727 
GG00BMB5XZ39 
N/A 
Guernsey 
Guernsey 
EN Amsterdam 
BIO RO Equity 
BIOFARM BUCUREST 
Equity Securities 
148,156,976 
ROBIOFACNOR9 
Health Care 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
USI SM Equity 
UMBRELLA SOLAR I 
Equity Securities 
148,143,855 
ES0105670006 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
391 HK Equity 
MEI AH ENTERTAIN 
Equity Securities 
147,906,698 
BMG5964A1523 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
TRHC US Equity 
TABULA RASA HEAL 
Equity Securities 
147,788,630 
US8733791011 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANDF NO Equity 
ANDFJORD SALMON AS 
Equity Securities 
147,731,648 
NO0010829765 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
TSQ US Equity 
TOWNSQUARE MED-A 
Equity Securities 
147,674,585 
US8922311019 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
RDCM US Equity 
RADCOM LTD 
Equity Securities 
147,617,340 
IL0010826688 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
938 HK Equity 
MAN SANG INTL 
Equity Securities 
147,579,653 
BMG579461325 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SFG RO Equity 
SPHERA FRANCHISE 
Equity Securities 
147,568,670 
ROSFGPACNOR4 
Consumer Discretionary 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
PCX PW Equity 
PCC EXOL SA 
Equity Securities 
147,538,450 
PLPCCEX00010 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
VAF PL Equity 
VAA VISTA ALEGRE 
Equity Securities 
147,464,987 
PTVAA0AM0019 
Consumer Discretionary 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
GRX AU Equity 
GREENEX METALS L 
Equity Securities 
147,413,600 
AU0000198939 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1543 HK Equity 
GUANGDONG JOIN-H 
Equity Securities 
147,133,928 
CNE1000023L9 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ENDUR NO Equity 
ENDUR ASA 
Equity Securities 
147,126,816 
NO0012555459 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo

--- Page 254 ---
Annex I - page 144 of 162 
 
1777 HK Equity 
FANTASIA HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
147,074,435 
KYG3311L1041 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CCC SS Equity 
CAVOTEC SA 
Equity Securities 
147,026,409 
CH0136071542 
Industrials 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
Stockholm 
AZRE US Equity 
AZURE POWER GLOB 
Equity Securities 
146,983,189 
MU0527S00004 
Utilities 
Mauritius 
Mauritius 
New York 
LBPH US Equity 
LONGBOARD PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
146,977,890 
US54300N1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HE8 AU Equity 
HELIOS ENERGY LT 
Equity Securities 
146,862,141 
AU000000HE80 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ISUR SM Equity 
INMOBIL DEL SUR 
Equity Securities 
146,765,182 
ES0154653911 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
MLEC US Equity 
MOOLEC SCIENCE S 
Equity Securities 
146,484,971 
LU2559000059 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NASDAQ 
MASTERPL HB Equity 
MASTERPLAST NYIL 
Equity Securities 
146,402,074 
HU0000093943 
Industrials 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
CROS FP Equity 
CROSSWOOD 
Equity Securities 
146,136,739 
FR0000050395 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SEL PW Equity 
SELENAFM 
Equity Securities 
146,111,622 
PLSELNA00010 
Materials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
LHC US Equity 
LEO HOLD-CLASS A 
Equity Securities 
146,066,593 
KYG5463R1020 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
XXII US Equity 
22ND CENTURY GRO 
Equity Securities 
146,025,293 
US90137F1030 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TEN PW Equity 
TEN SQUARE GAMES 
Equity Securities 
145,924,669 
PLTSQGM00016 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
GHM US Equity 
GRAHAM CORP 
Equity Securities 
145,847,542 
US3845561063 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PRICB SS Equity 
PRICER AB-B 
Equity Securities 
145,615,042 
SE0000233934 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MEI AU Equity 
METEORIC RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
145,537,037 
AU000000MEI3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
TAR PW Equity 
TARCZYNSKI SA 
Equity Securities 
145,211,516 
PLTRCZN00016 
Consumer Staples 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
TEXF BB Equity 
TEXAF 
Equity Securities 
145,129,614 
BE0974263924 
Real Estate 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
ELTEL SS Equity 
ELTEL AB 
Equity Securities 
145,071,867 
SE0006509949 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HLZ SM Equity 
HOLALUZ-CLIDOM S 
Equity Securities 
144,881,207 
ES0105456026 
Utilities 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
547 HK Equity 
DIGITAL DOMAIN 
Equity Securities 
144,855,436 
BMG2870G2095 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
GRPH US Equity 
GRAPHITE BIO INC 
Equity Securities 
144,827,456 
US38870X1046 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MTRX US Equity 
MATRIX SERVICE 
Equity Securities 
144,650,925 
US5768531056 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IMM AU Equity 
IMMUTEP LTD 
Equity Securities 
144,637,977 
AU000000IMM6 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SRT US Equity 
STARTEK INC 
Equity Securities 
144,635,575 
US85569C1071 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
57 HK Equity 
CHEN HSONG HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
144,582,340 
BMG208741063 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
IATR GA Equity 
ATHENS MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
144,479,803 
GRS147233001 
Health Care 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
1290 HK Equity 
CHINA HUIRONG FI 
Equity Securities 
144,455,704 
KYG211731024 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KSC GR Equity 
KPS AG 
Equity Securities 
144,395,203 
DE000A1A6V48 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ATLX US Equity 
ATLAS LITHIUM IN 
Equity Securities 
144,127,146 
US1058613068 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BYRN US Equity 
BYRNA TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
144,098,317 
US12448X2018 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
393 HK Equity 
GLORIOUS SUN ENT 
Equity Securities 
144,041,095 
BMG3939X1002 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
LIS AU Equity 
LI-S ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
143,993,197 
AU0000166597 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DUR AU Equity 
DURATEC LTD 
Equity Securities 
143,986,967 
AU0000109159 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
7836 HK Equity 
AQUILA ACQUISI-Z 
Equity Securities 
143,949,244 
KYG0443C1015 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NSTD US Equity 
NORTHERN STAR -A 
Equity Securities 
143,834,659 
US66575B1017 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NHOA FP Equity 
NHOA 
Equity Securities 
143,740,539 
FR0012650166 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AMC PW Equity 
AMICA 
Equity Securities 
143,734,015 
PLAMICA00010 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
2399 HK Equity 
CHINA ANCHU ENER 
Equity Securities 
143,712,559 
KYG211271161 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
WPU NO Equity 
WASTE PLASTIC 
UPCYCLING A/S 
Equity Securities 
143,547,584 
DK0061676400 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Oslo 
LGL AU Equity 
LYNCH GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
143,421,580 
AU0000140477 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HIGH GR Equity 
CANTOURAGE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
143,385,603 
DE000A3DSV01 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
CAAS US Equity 
CHINA AUTOMOTIVE 
Equity Securities 
143,382,085 
US16936R1059 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACF AU Equity 
ACROW FORMWORK A 
Equity Securities 
143,380,160 
AU0000006124 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LOOP US Equity 
LOOP INDUSTRIES 
Equity Securities 
143,357,056 
US5435181046 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CARM US Equity 
CARISMA THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
143,306,632 
US14216R1014 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PSNL US Equity 
PERSONALIS INC 
Equity Securities 
143,129,939 
US71535D1063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DLHC US Equity 
DLH HOLDINGS COR 
Equity Securities 
142,797,660 
US23335Q1004 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 255 ---
Annex I - page 145 of 162 
 
SHUA US Equity 
SHUAA PARTN-CL A 
Equity Securities 
142,671,031 
KYG811731093 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SPPI US Equity 
SPECTRUM PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
142,663,944 
US84763A1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OLE SM Equity 
DEOLEO SA 
Equity Securities 
142,660,121 
ES0110047919 
Consumer Staples 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
IUR GR Equity 
KAP AG 
Equity Securities 
142,625,268 
DE0006208408 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PHN PW Equity 
PHN 
Equity Securities 
142,617,591 
PLPHN0000014 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
STARB SS Equity 
STARBREEZE AB 
Equity Securities 
142,563,229 
SE0005992831 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
STARA SS Equity 
STARBREEZE AB-A 
Equity Securities 
142,561,846 
SE0007158928 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
KSL AU Equity 
KINA SECURITIES 
Equity Securities 
142,560,087 
PG000A143KS8 
Financials 
Papua New Guinea 
Papua New Guinea 
ASE 
CRAL CZ Equity 
CROATIA AIRLINES 
Equity Securities 
142,376,296 
HRCRALRA0005 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
PNR AU Equity 
PANTORO LTD 
Equity Securities 
142,348,511 
AU000000PNR8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LAB US Equity 
STANDARD BIOTOOL 
Equity Securities 
142,315,070 
US34385P1084 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CRGO US Equity 
FREIGHTOS LTD 
Equity Securities 
142,310,815 
KYG514051013 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
SAL US Equity 
SALISBURY BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
142,013,004 
US7952261094 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANR PW Equity 
ANSWEAR.COM - A 
Equity Securities 
141,997,193 
PLANSWR00019 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DEDI SS Equity 
DEDICARE AB-B 
Equity Securities 
141,970,803 
SE0003909282 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
FRO PW Equity 
FERRO 
Equity Securities 
141,970,106 
PLFERRO00016 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
TBR AU Equity 
TRIBUNE RES LTD 
Equity Securities 
141,965,081 
AU000000TBR5 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALICA FP Equity 
ICAPE HOLDING SA 
Equity Securities 
141,925,370 
FR001400A3Q3 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
HBB US Equity 
HAMILTON -A 
Equity Securities 
141,853,360 
US40701T1043 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
809 HK Equity 
GLOBAL BIO-CHEM 
Equity Securities 
141,839,482 
KYG3919S1057 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SIILI FH Equity 
SIILI SOLUTIONS 
Equity Securities 
141,797,011 
FI4000043435 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
SFAB SS Equity 
SOLID FORSAKRING 
Equity Securities 
141,696,879 
SE0017082548 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
PLX US Equity 
PROTALIX BIOTHER 
Equity Securities 
141,662,972 
US74365A3095 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1741 HK Equity 
RI YING HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
141,657,860 
KYG7S97Q1048 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SPRU US Equity 
SPRUCE POWER HOL 
Equity Securities 
141,599,485 
US9837FR1002 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CRNT US Equity 
CERAGON NETWORKS 
Equity Securities 
141,568,436 
IL0010851660 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
8395 HK Equity 
TREE HOLDINGS LT 
Equity Securities 
141,250,211 
KYG9035N1025 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CRJ PW Equity 
CREEPY JAR SA 
Equity Securities 
141,213,704 
PLCRPJR00019 
Communication Services 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
BSET US Equity 
BASSETT FURN 
Equity Securities 
141,178,731 
US0702031040 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6998 HK Equity 
GENOR BIOPHARMA 
Equity Securities 
141,102,417 
KYG3871A1004 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BODY US Equity 
BEACHBODY CO INC 
Equity Securities 
141,097,282 
US0734631015 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BIKE GR Equity 
BIKE24 HOLDING A 
Equity Securities 
141,070,424 
DE000A3CQ7F4 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
INVE US Equity 
IDENTIV INC 
Equity Securities 
141,034,532 
US45170X2053 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PBYI US Equity 
PUMA BIOTECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
140,856,590 
US74587V1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1982 HK Equity 
NAMESON HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
140,830,476 
KYG6362E1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
89 HK Equity 
TAI SANG LAND DE 
Equity Securities 
140,721,740 
HK0089000548 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
MGN NO Equity 
MAGNORA ASA 
Equity Securities 
140,685,936 
NO0010187032 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
367 HK Equity 
CHUANGS CONSORT 
Equity Securities 
140,624,095 
BMG2122V1458 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AOGO US Equity 
AROGO CAPITAL -A 
Equity Securities 
140,607,127 
US0426441046 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
196 HK Equity 
HONGHUA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
140,555,802 
KYG4584R1092 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
XFOR US Equity 
X4 PHARMACEUTICA 
Equity Securities 
140,538,611 
US98420X1037 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
9919 HK Equity 
ACTIVATION GROUP 
Equity Securities 
140,411,750 
KYG0081C1087 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AMB PW Equity 
AMBRA 
Equity Securities 
140,385,383 
PLAMBRA00013 
Consumer Staples 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
BDSX US Equity 
BIODESIX INC 
Equity Securities 
140,362,220 
US09075X1081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1075 HK Equity 
CAPINFO CO LTD-H 
Equity Securities 
140,291,309 
CNE1000000X2 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PRPH US Equity 
PROPHASE LABS IN 
Equity Securities 
140,211,983 
US74345W1080 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ADE GR Equity 
BITCOIN GROUP SE 
Equity Securities 
140,186,245 
DE000A1TNV91 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ASM AU Equity 
AUSTRALIAN STRAT 
Equity Securities 
139,907,364 
AU0000094153 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
D2O AU Equity 
DUXTON WATER LTD 
Equity Securities 
139,886,566 
AU000000D2O3 
Utilities 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 256 ---
Annex I - page 146 of 162 
 
SFX AU Equity 
SHEFFIELD RESOUR 
Equity Securities 
139,714,642 
AU000000SFX6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1168 HK Equity 
SINOLINK WORLD 
Equity Securities 
139,661,469 
BMG8165B1028 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
JRV AU Equity 
JERVOIS GLOBAL L 
Equity Securities 
139,639,121 
AU000000JRV4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
LPI AU Equity 
LITHIUM POWER IN 
Equity Securities 
139,384,115 
AU000000LPI1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AQP DC Equity 
AQUAPORIN A/S 
Equity Securities 
139,248,012 
DK0061555109 
Industrials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
VOW NO Equity 
VOW ASA 
Equity Securities 
139,240,304 
NO0010708068 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
UFI US Equity 
UNIFI INC 
Equity Securities 
139,177,104 
US9046772003 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ALDEL FP Equity 
DELFINGEN INDUST 
Equity Securities 
138,960,945 
FR0000054132 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1745 HK Equity 
LVJI TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
138,935,720 
KYG5804E1098 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
UIHC US Equity 
UNITED INSURANCE 
Equity Securities 
138,929,355 
US9107101027 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ESEA US Equity 
EUROSEAS LTD 
Equity Securities 
138,908,341 
MHY235921357 
Industrials 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
NASDAQ 
226 HK Equity 
LIPPO LTD 
Equity Securities 
138,838,768 
HK0226001151 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
ALMND FP Equity 
MND 
Equity Securities 
138,601,715 
FR00140050Q2 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
M0YN GR Equity 
MYNARIC AGNAMENS 
Equity Securities 
138,599,076 
DE000A31C305 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ENTER GA Equity 
ENTERSOFT SA 
Equity Securities 
138,536,995 
GRS503003014 
Information Technology 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
RAD US Equity 
RITE AID CORP 
Equity Securities 
138,482,217 
US7677548726 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BMN AU Equity 
BANNERMAN ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
138,442,416 
AU000000BMN9 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CYC AU Equity 
CYCLOPHARM LTD 
Equity Securities 
138,396,971 
AU000000CYC5 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
224 HK Equity 
PIONEER GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
138,192,381 
BMG7098N1002 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AIP US Equity 
ARTERIS INC 
Equity Securities 
138,126,364 
US04302A1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VSAC US Equity 
VISION SENSING-A 
Equity Securities 
138,050,804 
US92838J1034 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAY AU Equity 
MELBANA ENERGY L 
Equity Securities 
138,028,059 
AU000000MAY8 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MRBK US Equity 
MERIDIAN CORP 
Equity Securities 
137,900,133 
US58958P1049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ORY SM Equity 
ORYZON GENOMICS 
Equity Securities 
137,792,127 
ES0167733015 
Health Care 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
EYAPS GA Equity 
THESSALONIKI WAT 
Equity Securities 
137,695,877 
GRS428003008 
Utilities 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
GHL US Equity 
GREENHILL & CO 
Equity Securities 
137,692,524 
US3952591044 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
MOBV US Equity 
MOBIV ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
137,676,312 
US60742N1063 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PHO NO Equity 
PHOTOCURE ASA 
Equity Securities 
137,649,728 
NO0010000045 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
IMC PW Equity 
IMCORPORATION 
Equity Securities 
137,559,563 
LU0607203980 
Consumer Staples 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Warsaw 
INBK US Equity 
FIRST INTERNET B 
Equity Securities 
137,546,940 
US3205571017 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PARRO FP Equity 
PARROT SA 
Equity Securities 
137,359,075 
FR0004038263 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
C3RY GR Equity 
CHERRY SE 
Equity Securities 
137,329,744 
DE000A3CRRN9 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SNFCA US Equity 
SECURITY NATL-A 
Equity Securities 
137,299,559 
US8147853092 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ICESEA IR Equity 
ICELAND SEAFOOD 
INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
137,195,376 
IS0000026961 
Consumer Staples 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
TCRT US Equity 
ALAUNOS THERAPEU 
Equity Securities 
137,157,421 
US98973P1012 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTSO US Equity 
CYTOSORBENTS COR 
Equity Securities 
137,101,848 
US23283X2062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2377 HK Equity 
CHINA BOQI ENVIR 
Equity Securities 
137,087,261 
KYG2153A1013 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
YTRA US Equity 
YATRA ONLINE INC 
Equity Securities 
137,076,864 
KYG983381099 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TLGY US Equity 
TLGY ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
136,954,547 
KYG8656T1094 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
AI SM Equity 
AIRTIFICIAL INTE 
Equity Securities 
136,949,535 
ES0152768612 
Industrials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ARCH NO Equity 
ARCHER 
Equity Securities 
136,913,664 
BMG0451H1170 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Oslo 
GTHX US Equity 
G1 THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
136,892,765 
US3621LQ1099 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6878 HK Equity 
DIFFER GROUP AUT 
Equity Securities 
136,823,377 
KYG2760V1005 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1837 HK Equity 
NATURAL FOOD INT 
Equity Securities 
136,609,625 
KYG6402W1033 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SAMA US Equity 
SCHULTZE SPEC-A 
Equity Securities 
136,522,585 
US8082121042 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NTU AU Equity 
NORTHERN MINERAL 
Equity Securities 
136,482,175 
AU000000NTU4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALECR FP Equity 
EUROFINS-REGR 
Equity Securities 
136,455,641 
FR0013256518 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ABEO FP Equity 
ABEO SA 
Equity Securities 
136,434,055 
FR0013185857 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 257 ---
Annex I - page 147 of 162 
 
SXL AU Equity 
SOUTHERN CROSS M 
Equity Securities 
136,248,925 
AU000000SXL4 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SUP US Equity 
SUPERIOR INDS 
Equity Securities 
136,203,551 
US8681681057 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PWG FP Equity 
PRODWAYS GRO 
Equity Securities 
136,183,495 
FR0012613610 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
AMEN SM Equity 
AETERNAL MENTIS 
Equity Securities 
136,030,962 
ES0105588000 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
LTRPA US Equity 
LIBERTY TRP-A 
Equity Securities 
136,015,941 
US5314651028 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LTRPB US Equity 
LIBERTY TRP-B 
Equity Securities 
136,015,941 
US5314652018 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CED IM Equity 
CALTAGIRONE EDITORE 
Equity Securities 
136,015,600 
IT0001472171 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
HNL GR Equity 
DR HOENLE AG 
Equity Securities 
135,990,302 
DE0005157101 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
ALVMG FP Equity 
VISIOMED GROUP 
Equity Securities 
135,878,477 
FR0013481835 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
NFN GR Equity 
NFON AG 
Equity Securities 
135,851,163 
DE000A0N4N52 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HNVR US Equity 
HANOVER BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
135,844,619 
US4107102067 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LNDR IM Equity 
LANDI RENZO SPA 
Equity Securities 
135,741,376 
IT0004210289 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
TRK PW Equity 
TRAKCJA SA 
Equity Securities 
135,712,656 
PLTRKPL00014 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ALMDT FP Equity 
MEDIAN TECHNOLOG 
Equity Securities 
135,688,539 
FR0011049824 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ASA NO Equity 
ATLANTIC SAPPHIRE ASA 
Equity Securities 
135,627,792 
NO0010768500 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
XIL FP Equity 
XILAM ANIMATION 
Equity Securities 
135,544,871 
FR0004034072 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
UD IM Equity 
UNIDATA SPA 
Equity Securities 
135,518,096 
IT0005338840 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1317 HK Equity 
MAPLELEAF EDU 
Equity Securities 
135,458,918 
KYG211511160 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALBON FP Equity 
LEBON 
Equity Securities 
135,419,912 
FR0000121295 
Financials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
OPBK US Equity 
OP BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
135,330,093 
US67109R1095 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FSRX US Equity 
FINSERV ACQUIS-A 
Equity Securities 
135,308,126 
US31809Y1038 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EUCR US Equity 
EUCRATES BIOMEDI 
Equity Securities 
135,264,206 
VGG3141W1068 
N/A 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
NGS US Equity 
NATURAL GAS SERV 
Equity Securities 
135,181,088 
US63886Q1094 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
157 HK Equity 
NATURAL BEAUTY 
Equity Securities 
135,175,419 
KYG640061027 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
JBOG FP Equity 
JACQUES BOGART 
Equity Securities 
135,119,930 
FR0012872141 
Consumer Staples 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CLV AU Equity 
CLOVER CORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
135,108,648 
AU000000CLV2 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
3768 HK Equity 
KUNMING DIANCH-H 
Equity Securities 
135,031,575 
CNE100002BH4 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
PTRS US Equity 
PARTNERS BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
134,891,828 
US70213Q1085 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AVAX GA Equity 
AVAX SA 
Equity Securities 
134,879,276 
GRS213213002 
Industrials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
CDRO US Equity 
CODERE ONLINE LU 
Equity Securities 
134,755,905 
LU2405144788 
Consumer Discretionary 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
NASDAQ 
6805 HK Equity 
KIMOU ENVIRONMEN 
Equity Securities 
134,697,682 
KYG5258L1041 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TRANS SS Equity 
TRANSTEMA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
134,589,738 
SE0006758587 
Communication Services 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
TLGA US Equity 
TLG ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
134,533,928 
US87257M1080 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1748 HK Equity 
XIN YUAN ENTERPR 
Equity Securities 
134,524,011 
KYG9831M1006 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
VERK FH Equity 
VERKKOKAUPPA.COM 
Equity Securities 
134,404,616 
FI4000049812 
Consumer Discretionary 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
LLYC SM Equity 
LLYC LLORENTE 
Equity Securities 
134,375,921 
ES0105591004 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
PRIMOF DC Equity 
PRIME OFFICE A/S 
Equity Securities 
134,353,882 
DK0060137594 
Real Estate 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
BRI AU Equity 
BIG RIVER 
Equity Securities 
134,324,206 
AU000000BRI8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MAHAA SS Equity 
MAHA ENERGY AB 
Equity Securities 
134,310,033 
SE0008374383 
Energy 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BRL AU Equity 
BATHURST RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
134,260,511 
NZBRLE0001S4 
Materials 
New Zealand 
New Zealand 
ASE 
OFS US Equity 
OFS CAPITAL CORP 
Equity Securities 
134,248,742 
US67103B1008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HUSCO DC Equity 
HUSCIET A/S 
Equity Securities 
134,242,881 
DK0061412855 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
277 HK Equity 
TERN PROPERTIES 
Equity Securities 
134,205,323 
HK0277001415 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
NANO FP Equity 
NANOBIOTIX 
Equity Securities 
133,827,609 
FR0011341205 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
WEST NO Equity 
WESTERN BULK 
CHARTERING AS 
Equity Securities 
133,821,600 
NO0010768096 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ARC US Equity 
ARC DOCUMENT SOL 
Equity Securities 
133,794,183 
US00191G1031 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1502 HK Equity 
FINANCIAL STRE-H 
Equity Securities 
133,700,433 
CNE100003Y81 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
FNM SS Equity 
FERRONORDIC AB 
Equity Securities 
133,654,568 
SE0005468717 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm

--- Page 258 ---
Annex I - page 148 of 162 
 
ALDNE FP Equity 
DONT NOD ENTERTA 
Equity Securities 
133,637,456 
FR0013331212 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BZFD US Equity 
BUZZFEED INC 
Equity Securities 
133,628,732 
US12430A1025 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EZL AU Equity 
EUROZ HARTLEYS G 
Equity Securities 
133,535,443 
AU000000EZL9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ASYS US Equity 
AMTECH SYS INC 
Equity Securities 
133,504,044 
US0323325045 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MANG SS Equity 
MANGOLD AB 
Equity Securities 
133,424,844 
SE0001449380 
Financials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
LAZY US Equity 
LAZYDAYS HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
133,355,868 
US52110H1005 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PIAI US Equity 
PRIME IMPACT A-A 
Equity Securities 
133,281,006 
KYG610741038 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
SPL AU Equity 
STARPHARMA HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
133,266,854 
AU000000SPL0 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SWA GR Equity 
SCHLOSS WACHENHE 
Equity Securities 
133,245,127 
DE0007229007 
Consumer Staples 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FLFV US Equity 
FEUTUNE LIGHT -A 
Equity Securities 
133,142,853 
US31561T1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TWLV US Equity 
TWELVE SEAS IN-A 
Equity Securities 
133,104,988 
US90118T1060 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BATL US Equity 
BATTALION OIL CO 
Equity Securities 
133,083,793 
US07134L1070 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
39 HK Equity 
CHINA BEIDAHUA 
Equity Securities 
133,046,687 
KYG2117W1087 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BBBY US Equity 
BED BATH &BEYOND 
Equity Securities 
133,035,038 
US0758961009 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
450 HK Equity 
HUNG HING PRINT 
Equity Securities 
133,001,026 
HK0450001869 
Materials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1583 HK Equity 
QINQIN FOODSTUFF 
Equity Securities 
132,744,784 
KYG730611061 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
MRAM US Equity 
EVERSPIN TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
132,500,918 
US30041T1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FPIP SS Equity 
FORMPIPE SOFTWAR 
Equity Securities 
132,405,190 
SE0001338039 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
201 HK Equity 
MAGNIFICENT HOTE 
Equity Securities 
132,212,892 
HK0201008726 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
AVHI US Equity 
ACHARI VENTURES 
Equity Securities 
132,000,000 
US00444X1019 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BANX US Equity 
ARROWMARK FINANC 
Equity Securities 
131,977,604 
US8617801043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALPDX FP Equity 
PISCINES DESJOYA 
Equity Securities 
131,877,289 
FR0000061608 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FRXB US Equity 
FOREST ROAD AC-A 
Equity Securities 
131,849,302 
US34619V1035 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
329 HK Equity 
OCI INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
131,826,835 
KYG6706E1061 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KRAS CZ Equity 
KRAS DD 
Equity Securities 
131,818,698 
HRKRASRA0008 
Consumer Staples 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
530 HK Equity 
GOLDIN FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
131,799,962 
BMG3968F1370 
Consumer Staples 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
KPG AU Equity 
KELLY PARTNERS G 
Equity Securities 
131,728,682 
AU000000KPG7 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ADTH US Equity 
ADTHEORENT HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
131,649,174 
US00739D1090 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXP AU Equity 
EXPERIENCE CO LT 
Equity Securities 
131,621,854 
AU000000EXP5 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SEQUA BB Equity 
SEQUANA MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
131,602,876 
BE0974340722 
Health Care 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
ATOM US Equity 
ATOMERA INC 
Equity Securities 
131,598,473 
US04965B1008 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALHEX FP Equity 
HEXAOM 
Equity Securities 
131,580,986 
FR0004159473 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FRAF US Equity 
FRANKLIN FIN SVC 
Equity Securities 
131,526,452 
US3535251082 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VHT AU Equity 
VOLPARA HEALTH T 
Equity Securities 
131,358,895 
NZVHTE0001S6 
Health Care 
New Zealand 
New Zealand 
ASE 
STXS US Equity 
STEREOTAXIS INC 
Equity Securities 
131,347,097 
US85916J4094 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
LIVB US Equity 
LIV CAPITAL AC-A 
Equity Securities 
131,329,576 
KYG5510R1056 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
CYB IM Equity 
CYBEROO SPA 
Equity Securities 
130,979,432 
IT0005495400 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BVS AU Equity 
BRAVURA SOLUTION 
Equity Securities 
130,945,823 
AU000000BVS9 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
976 HK Equity 
CHIHO ENVIRONMEN 
Equity Securities 
130,867,590 
KYG4465A1004 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
OPN PW Equity 
OPONEO 
Equity Securities 
130,789,333 
PLOPNPL00013 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
LL1SPAC FH Equity 
LIFELINE SPAC-A 
Equity Securities 
130,780,692 
FI4000512496 
N/A 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
1961 HK Equity 
INFINITIES TECHN 
Equity Securities 
130,763,453 
KYG5140P1072 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
538 HK Equity 
AJISEN CHINA HOL 
Equity Securities 
130,708,228 
KYG0192S1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1561 HK Equity 
PAN ASIA DATA HO 
Equity Securities 
130,597,894 
KYG6883H1048 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
306 HK Equity 
KWOON CHUNG BUS 
Equity Securities 
130,585,518 
BMG5330P1077 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
NOVA IR Equity 
NOVA KLUBBURINN HF 
Equity Securities 
130,579,264 
IS0000031045 
Communication Services 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
PYC AU Equity 
PYC THERAPEUTICS 
Equity Securities 
130,541,759 
AU000000PYC7 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CU6 AU Equity 
CLARITY PHARMACE 
Equity Securities 
130,239,657 
AU0000165375 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MPCK GR Equity 
MPC CAPITAL AG 
Equity Securities 
130,219,175 
DE000A1TNWJ4 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra

--- Page 259 ---
Annex I - page 149 of 162 
 
374 HK Equity 
FOUR SEAS MERCAN 
Equity Securities 
130,196,511 
KYG365451049 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FZT US Equity 
FAST ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
130,068,364 
US3118741012 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SGHL US Equity 
SIGNAL HILL AC-A 
Equity Securities 
130,000,000 
US82664R1059 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACHV US Equity 
ACHIEVE LIFE SCI 
Equity Securities 
129,995,125 
US0044685008 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LBW PW Equity 
LUBAWA SA 
Equity Securities 
129,994,437 
PLLUBAW00013 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
EPSN US Equity 
EPSILON ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
129,992,937 
CA2943752097 
Energy 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
PRCH US Equity 
PORCH GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
129,954,366 
US7332451043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WLT PW Equity 
WIELTON 
Equity Securities 
129,918,706 
PLWELTN00012 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
UEIC US Equity 
UNIVERSAL ELEC 
Equity Securities 
129,863,718 
US9134831034 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GFX US Equity 
GOLDEN FALCON -A 
Equity Securities 
129,747,484 
US38102H1095 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
COLUM DC Equity 
COLUMBUS A/S 
Equity Securities 
129,732,232 
DK0010268366 
Information Technology 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
TALK US Equity 
TALKSPACE INC 
Equity Securities 
129,707,920 
US87427V1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1086 HK Equity 
GOODBABY INTERNA 
Equity Securities 
129,619,363 
KYG398141013 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6136 HK Equity 
KANGDA ENV 
Equity Securities 
129,476,064 
KYG521541048 
Utilities 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1283 HK Equity 
ACCEL GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
129,428,404 
KYG1150D1007 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PBP AU Equity 
PROBIOTEC LTD 
Equity Securities 
129,403,269 
AU000000PBP7 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALHRG FP Equity 
HERIGE 
Equity Securities 
129,356,357 
FR0000066540 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
FSTR US Equity 
FOSTER (LB) CO-A 
Equity Securities 
129,110,515 
US3500601097 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GLST US Equity 
GLOBAL STAR AC-A 
Equity Securities 
129,071,927 
US37962G1022 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FINGB SS Equity 
FINGERPRINT CA-B 
Equity Securities 
129,005,634 
SE0008374250 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
QGL AU Equity 
QUANTUM GRAPHITE 
Equity Securities 
128,969,228 
AU000000QGL3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VIT AU Equity 
VITURA HEALTH LT 
Equity Securities 
128,911,195 
AU0000266801 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CRZK GR Equity 
CR CAPITAL AG 
Equity Securities 
128,873,187 
DE000A2GS625 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IOAC US Equity 
INNOVATIVE INT-A 
Equity Securities 
128,777,948 
KYG4809M1096 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
RIDE US Equity 
LORDSTOWN MOTO-A 
Equity Securities 
128,768,768 
US54405Q1004 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
156 HK Equity 
LIPPO CHINA RES 
Equity Securities 
128,735,452 
HK0156000819 
Consumer Staples 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
DMTK US Equity 
DERMTECH INC 
Equity Securities 
128,663,529 
US24984K1051 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2221 HK Equity 
NEW CONCEPTS HOL 
Equity Securities 
128,641,142 
KYG644671060 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
687 HK Equity 
TYSAN HOLDINGS L 
Equity Securities 
128,639,950 
BMG4643K1036 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SIGHT FP Equity 
GENSIGHT 
Equity Securities 
128,638,601 
FR0013183985 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
LAT FP Equity 
LATECOERE 
Equity Securities 
128,402,245 
FR0000032278 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
OPRT US Equity 
OPORTUN FINANCIA 
Equity Securities 
128,332,228 
US68376D1046 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PYXS US Equity 
PYXIS ONCOLOGY I 
Equity Securities 
128,322,755 
US7473241013 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SABFG CP Equity 
SAB FINANCE AS 
Equity Securities 
128,307,981 
CZ0009009940 
Financials 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
SDG AU Equity 
SUNLAND GROUP 
Equity Securities 
128,229,864 
AU000000SDG6 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
HYDRA NA Equity 
HYDRATEC INDUSTR 
Equity Securities 
128,144,345 
NL0009391242 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
8299 HK Equity 
GRAND T G GOLD 
Equity Securities 
128,133,816 
KYG4136P1303 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6811 HK Equity 
TAI HING GROUP H 
Equity Securities 
128,077,941 
KYG866191060 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TECO NO Equity 
TECO 2030 ASA 
Equity Securities 
128,054,056 
NO0010887516 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
FID AU Equity 
FIDUCIAN GROUP 
Equity Securities 
128,053,429 
AU000000FID9 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MLCMB FP Equity 
COMPAGNIE DU MON 
Equity Securities 
128,024,689 
FR0000060428 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RMBL US Equity 
RUMBLEON INC-B 
Equity Securities 
127,978,341 
US7813863054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALESE FP Equity 
ENTECH SACA 
Equity Securities 
127,942,591 
FR0014004362 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
IVVD US Equity 
INVIVYD INC 
Equity Securities 
127,899,984 
US00534A1025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CSH GR Equity 
CENIT AG 
Equity Securities 
127,884,859 
DE0005407100 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IHL AU Equity 
INCANNEX HEALTHC 
Equity Securities 
127,862,252 
AU000000IHL8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CSTE US Equity 
CAESARSTONE LTD 
Equity Securities 
127,692,147 
IL0011259137 
Industrials 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
1082 HK Equity 
BRADAVERSE EDUCA 
Equity Securities 
127,645,436 
BMG4588S1456 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1652 HK Equity 
FUSEN PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
127,535,320 
KYG370981030 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 260 ---
Annex I - page 150 of 162 
 
SGC US Equity 
SUPERIOR GROUP O 
Equity Securities 
127,531,952 
US8683581024 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCAQ US Equity 
STRATIM CLOUD AC 
Equity Securities 
127,426,144 
US86309R1077 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMAR BB Equity 
SMARTPHOTO GROUP 
Equity Securities 
127,424,712 
BE0974323553 
Industrials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
1978 HK Equity 
LH GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
127,390,162 
KYG547241029 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TWIN US Equity 
TWIN DISC INC 
Equity Securities 
127,380,819 
US9014761012 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VRM US Equity 
VROOM INC 
Equity Securities 
127,343,379 
US92918V1098 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RWL PW Equity 
RAWLPLUG SA 
Equity Securities 
127,320,119 
PLKLNR000017 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
655 HK Equity 
HONGKONG CHINESE 
Equity Securities 
127,280,612 
BMG4586T1036 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALDAR FP Equity 
DAMARTEX 
Equity Securities 
127,268,257 
FR0000185423 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ISTR US Equity 
INVESTAR HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
127,223,327 
US46134L1052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ARAV US Equity 
ARAVIVE INC 
Equity Securities 
127,201,282 
US03890D1081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GABR DC Equity 
GABRIEL HLDG 
Equity Securities 
127,188,203 
DK0060124691 
Consumer Discretionary 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
PTWO US Equity 
PONO CAPITAL T-A 
Equity Securities 
127,161,256 
US73245B1070 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ASTAK GA Equity 
ALPHA ASTIKA AKI 
Equity Securities 
127,146,175 
GRS331043000 
Real Estate 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
GBKR SV Equity 
GORENJSKA BANKA 
Equity Securities 
127,108,269 
SI0021109630 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
UP US Equity 
WHEELS UP EXPERI 
Equity Securities 
127,062,093 
US96328L1061 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
IOD AU Equity 
IODM LTD 
Equity Securities 
127,012,158 
AU000000IOD1 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CONN US Equity 
CONNS INC 
Equity Securities 
126,972,771 
US2082421072 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6117 HK Equity 
RIZHAO PORT JU-H 
Equity Securities 
126,880,601 
CNE100003KK7 
Industrials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
GRG1L LH Equity 
AB GRIGEO 
Equity Securities 
126,848,431 
LT0000102030 
Materials 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
431 HK Equity 
GREATER CHINA FI 
Equity Securities 
126,792,673 
BMG407061552 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
3636 HK Equity 
POLY CULTURE-H 
Equity Securities 
126,768,070 
CNE100001S81 
Communication Services 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
184 HK Equity 
KECK SENG INVEST 
Equity Securities 
126,547,348 
HK0184000948 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1568 HK Equity 
SUNDART HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
126,469,971 
VGG857251026 
Consumer Discretionary 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
AUTOWALL HB Equity 
AUTOWALLIS PLC 
Equity Securities 
126,463,952 
HU0000164504 
N/A 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
MLFIR FP Equity 
FIRSTCAUTION 
Equity Securities 
126,332,537 
CH0120879058 
Financials 
Switzerland 
Switzerland 
EN Paris 
TTCF US Equity 
TATTOOED CHEF IN 
Equity Securities 
126,324,119 
US87663X1028 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CEL AU Equity 
CHALLENGER EXPLO 
Equity Securities 
126,310,633 
AU000000CEL8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ABP IM Equity 
AZIENDA BRESCIANA 
PETROLI NO 
Equity Securities 
126,254,288 
IT0005439861 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
HBC NO Equity 
HOFSETH BIOCARE ASA 
Equity Securities 
126,253,632 
NO0010598683 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
MLIFS FP Equity 
IMPULSE FITNESS 
Equity Securities 
126,224,588 
ES0105590006 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
EN Paris 
2216 HK Equity 
BRONCUS HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
126,218,603 
KYG1609T1022 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
3303 HK Equity 
JUTAL OFFSHORE 
Equity Securities 
126,218,069 
KYG520771075 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ENZ US Equity 
ENZO BIOCHEM INC 
Equity Securities 
126,143,565 
US2941001024 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
SAHG SV Equity 
SALONIT ANHOVO D 
Equity Securities 
126,113,404 
SI0031104019 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
APT PW Equity 
APATOR 
Equity Securities 
125,958,461 
PLAPATR00018 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CSTA US Equity 
CONSTELLATION-A 
Equity Securities 
125,744,268 
KYG2R18K1053 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
2161 HK Equity 
JBM HEALTHCARE L 
Equity Securities 
125,706,176 
KYG1090B1077 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DHCA US Equity 
DHC ACQUISITIO-A 
Equity Securities 
125,685,846 
KYG2758T1094 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ALHGR FP Equity 
HOFFMANN GREEN C 
Equity Securities 
125,508,955 
FR0013451044 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EGR FP Equity 
TRANSITION EVERG 
Equity Securities 
125,438,593 
FR0000035784 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
6118 HK Equity 
AUSTAR 
Equity Securities 
125,371,975 
KYG0632L1023 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NOTV US Equity 
INOTIV INC 
Equity Securities 
125,336,744 
US45783Q1004 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BWAQ US Equity 
BLUE WORLD ACQUI 
Equity Securities 
125,268,106 
KYG1263E1026 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
2166 HK Equity 
SMART-CORE HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
125,128,842 
KYG8211R1011 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ISSC US Equity 
INNOVATIVE SOL 
Equity Securities 
125,097,430 
US45769N1054 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TBCP US Equity 
THUNDER BRIDGE-A 
Equity Securities 
125,067,693 
US88605T1007 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FZO AU Equity 
FAMILY ZONE CYBE 
Equity Securities 
125,063,258 
AU000000FZO0 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 261 ---
Annex I - page 151 of 162 
 
ELABS NO Equity 
ELLIPTIC LABORATORIES 
ASA 
Equity Securities 
125,012,296 
NO0010722283 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
AMSC US Equity 
AMER SUPERCONDTR 
Equity Securities 
124,912,480 
US0301112076 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MBK GR Equity 
MERKUR PRIVATBAN 
Equity Securities 
124,829,339 
DE0008148206 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
1029 HK Equity 
IRC LTD 
Equity Securities 
124,811,859 
HK0000068244 
Materials 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1293 HK Equity 
GRAND BAOXIN AUT 
Equity Securities 
124,707,509 
KYG4134L1077 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SPAN CZ Equity 
SPAN DD 
Equity Securities 
124,571,483 
HRSPANRA0007 
Information Technology 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
3301 HK Equity 
RONSHINE CHINA H 
Equity Securities 
124,382,508 
KYG763681023 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALA IM Equity 
ALA SPA 
Equity Securities 
124,307,832 
IT0005446700 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SHBR SV Equity 
SAVA TURIZEM DD 
Equity Securities 
124,169,440 
SI0031114604 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
RDT AU Equity 
RED DIRT METALS 
Equity Securities 
124,020,747 
AU0000176208 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DOMA US Equity 
DOMA HOLDINGS IN 
Equity Securities 
123,981,606 
US25703A1043 
Real Estate 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PGC AU Equity 
PARAGON CARE LTD 
Equity Securities 
123,951,761 
AU000000PGC4 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BNN GR Equity 
BRAIN AG 
Equity Securities 
123,950,010 
DE0005203947 
Materials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
505 HK Equity 
XINGYE ALLOY MAT 
Equity Securities 
123,762,450 
KYG9831C1024 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LKRI CZ Equity 
LUKA RIJEKA DD 
Equity Securities 
123,761,877 
HRLKRIRA0007 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
FNWD US Equity 
FINWARD BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
123,740,748 
US31812F1093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAR PL Equity 
MARTIFER SGPS SA 
Equity Securities 
123,693,745 
PTMFR0AM0003 
Industrials 
Portugal 
Portugal 
EN Lisbon 
LVO US Equity 
LIVEONE INC 
Equity Securities 
123,682,217 
US53814X1028 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ANVS US Equity 
ANNOVIS BIO 
Equity Securities 
123,496,670 
US03615A1088 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PLBY US Equity 
PLBY GROUP INC 
Equity Securities 
123,471,420 
US72814P1093 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SVEDB SS Equity 
SVEDBERGS I DA-B 
Equity Securities 
123,406,706 
SE0000407991 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
RISH NO Equity 
GC RIEBER SHIPPING ASA 
Equity Securities 
123,392,216 
NO0010262686 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GATE US Equity 
MARBLEGATE ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
123,337,375 
US56608A1051 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MDWD US Equity 
MEDIWOUND LTD 
Equity Securities 
123,312,713 
IL0011316309 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
WETTERI FH Equity 
WETTERI PLC 
Equity Securities 
123,302,848 
FI0009012793 
Industrials 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
199 HK Equity 
ITC PROPERTIES G 
Equity Securities 
123,237,848 
BMG4984N1618 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SLH AU Equity 
SILK LOGISTICS H 
Equity Securities 
123,055,061 
AU0000157083 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CAT AU Equity 
CATAPULT GROUP I 
Equity Securities 
122,895,349 
AU000000CAT9 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ACAH US Equity 
ATLANTIC COAST-A 
Equity Securities 
122,852,659 
US0484531043 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BSBK US Equity 
BOGOTA FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
122,791,809 
US0972351052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
UPLD US Equity 
UPLAND SOFTWARE 
Equity Securities 
122,769,302 
US91544A1097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AVJ AU Equity 
AVJENNINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
122,734,491 
AU000000AVJ0 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
8037 HK Equity 
CHINA BIOTECH SE 
Equity Securities 
122,706,172 
BMG2152F1014 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
TAKAREKJ HB Equity 
TAKAREK MORTGAGE 
Equity Securities 
122,696,219 
HU0000078175 
Financials 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
A1M AU Equity 
AIC MINES LTD 
Equity Securities 
122,583,297 
AU0000049033 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
726 HK Equity 
DIT GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
122,516,752 
BMG2773V2045 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
A2B AU Equity 
A2B AUSTRALIA LT 
Equity Securities 
122,498,394 
AU0000032187 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2708 HK Equity 
IBO TECHNOLOGY C 
Equity Securities 
122,414,179 
KYG469601036 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BMC PW Equity 
BUMECH 
Equity Securities 
122,384,614 
PLBMECH00012 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
PEN AU Equity 
PENINSULA ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
122,377,591 
AU000000PEN6 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2278 HK Equity 
HAILAN HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
122,294,555 
KYG422991003 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
DFV GR Equity 
DFV DEUTSCHE FAM 
Equity Securities 
122,219,188 
DE000A2NBVD5 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GSP IM Equity 
GAS PLUS 
Equity Securities 
122,168,176 
IT0004098510 
Energy 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
BRGB SS Equity 
BERGS TIMBER-B 
Equity Securities 
122,139,477 
SE0018012932 
Materials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
EPIX US Equity 
ESSA PHARMA INC 
Equity Securities 
122,135,876 
CA29668H7085 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
3737 HK Equity 
ZHONGZHI PHARMAC 
Equity Securities 
122,115,699 
KYG989611085 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CFBK US Equity 
CF BANKSHARES IN 
Equity Securities 
122,102,830 
US12520L1098 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 262 ---
Annex I - page 152 of 162 
 
FFARMS DC Equity 
FIRSTFARMS A/S 
Equity Securities 
122,019,455 
DK0060056166 
Consumer Staples 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
471 HK Equity 
SILKWAVE INC 
Equity Securities 
121,937,101 
KYG2237A1849 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HNRA US Equity 
HNR ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
121,895,500 
US40472A1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
ORR AU Equity 
ORECORP LTD 
Equity Securities 
121,888,569 
AU000000ORR2 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VCXA US Equity 
10X CAPITAL VE-A 
Equity Securities 
121,790,435 
KYG870761080 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
FORA US Equity 
FORIAN INC 
Equity Securities 
121,773,323 
US34630N1063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MAAT FP Equity 
MAAT PHARMA SACA 
Equity Securities 
121,719,807 
FR0012634822 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
INCLU BB Equity 
INCLUSIO SA 
Equity Securities 
121,695,262 
BE0974374069 
Real Estate 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
3848 HK Equity 
WEALTHY WAY GROU 
Equity Securities 
121,679,060 
KYG719721063 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LQAG GR Equity 
LAIQON AG 
Equity Securities 
121,657,238 
DE000A12UP29 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PRS NO Equity 
PROSAFE SE 
Equity Securities 
121,566,688 
NO0010861990 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
88E AU Equity 
88 ENERGY LTD 
Equity Securities 
121,503,806 
AU00000088E2 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AAMC US Equity 
ALTISOURCE ASSET 
Equity Securities 
121,497,063 
VI02153X1080 
Real Estate 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
New York 
FNCB US Equity 
FNCB BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
121,442,191 
US3025781093 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STTK US Equity 
SHATTUCK LABS IN 
Equity Securities 
121,436,338 
US82024L1035 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NTH SM Equity 
NATURHOUSE HEALT 
Equity Securities 
121,384,795 
ES0105043006 
Consumer Discretionary 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CARA NO Equity 
CARASENT ASA 
Equity Securities 
121,232,440 
NO0010123060 
Health Care 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
NSTB US Equity 
NORTHERN STAR -A 
Equity Securities 
121,129,566 
US66573W1071 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CNS IM Equity 
CIVITANAVI SYSTEMS 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
121,128,912 
IT0005466153 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ERB PW Equity 
ERBUD 
Equity Securities 
121,122,693 
PLERBUD00012 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
228 HK Equity 
CHINA ENERGY DEV 
Equity Securities 
121,088,731 
KYG2153W1033 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SNK PW Equity 
SANOK RUBBER CO 
Equity Securities 
121,040,959 
PLSTLSK00016 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
IC8 GR Equity 
INCITY IMMOBILIE 
Equity Securities 
121,032,955 
DE000A0HNF96 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
HOLO US Equity 
MICROCLOUD HOLOG 
Equity Securities 
120,932,643 
KYG550321098 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ARTE FP Equity 
ARTEA- REGR 
Equity Securities 
120,928,838 
FR0012185536 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
1084 HK Equity 
GREEN FUTURE FOO 
Equity Securities 
120,898,919 
KYG4091F1019 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
815 HK Equity 
CHINA SILVER GRO 
Equity Securities 
120,731,369 
KYG211771038 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
225 HK Equity 
POKFULAM DEV CO 
Equity Securities 
120,707,619 
HK0225001145 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
1180 HK Equity 
PARADISE ENTERTA 
Equity Securities 
120,634,252 
BMG6893L1375 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
NPCE US Equity 
NEUROPACE INC 
Equity Securities 
120,475,445 
US6412881053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMI AU Equity 
AURELIA METALS L 
Equity Securities 
120,468,227 
AU000000AMI1 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CAMBI NO Equity 
CAMBI ASA 
Equity Securities 
120,361,816 
NO0010078850 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ALCOR FP Equity 
BIOCORP 
Equity Securities 
120,312,445 
FR0012788065 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
MNMD US Equity 
MIND MEDICINE MI 
Equity Securities 
120,280,297 
CA60255C8850 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
APEI US Equity 
AMERICAN PUBLIC 
Equity Securities 
120,274,466 
US02913V1035 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2608 HK Equity 
SUNSHINE 100 CHI 
Equity Securities 
120,230,866 
KYG794911092 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
295 HK Equity 
KONG SUN HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
120,098,333 
HK0000120151 
Utilities 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
IPD AU Equity 
IMPEDIMED LTD 
Equity Securities 
119,987,153 
AU000000IPD8 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
APACSPAA SS Equity 
APAC SPAC A 
Equity Securities 
119,926,736 
SE0015949540 
N/A 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
DRO AU Equity 
DRONESHIELD LTD 
Equity Securities 
119,831,292 
AU000000DRO2 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
827 HK Equity 
KO YO CHEMICAL G 
Equity Securities 
119,794,478 
KYG5319F1384 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LRH CZ Equity 
LIBURNIA RIVIERA 
Equity Securities 
119,791,356 
HRLRH0RA0007 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
MCAC US Equity 
MONTEREY CAPIT-A 
Equity Securities 
119,638,640 
US61244M1099 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CYL AU Equity 
CATALYST METALS 
Equity Securities 
119,629,059 
AU000000CYL6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ARRW US Equity 
ARROWROOT ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
119,532,291 
US04282M1027 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CKA AU Equity 
COKAL LTD 
Equity Securities 
119,527,048 
AU000000CKA8 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GALT US Equity 
GALECTIN THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
119,518,702 
US3632252025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCP PW Equity 
SCOPE FLUIDICS 
Equity Securities 
119,515,829 
PLSCPFL00018 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw

--- Page 263 ---
Annex I - page 153 of 162 
 
MIST US Equity 
MILESTONE PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
119,501,141 
CA59935V1076 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ 
DSAQ US Equity 
DIRECT SELLING-A 
Equity Securities 
119,468,052 
US25460L1035 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PPNG SV Equity 
PIVKA DD 
Equity Securities 
119,460,432 
SI0031104514 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
IPX AU Equity 
IPERIONX LTD 
Equity Securities 
119,403,797 
AU0000208910 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ACAQ US Equity 
ATHENA CONSUME-A 
Equity Securities 
119,400,615 
US04684M1062 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EAR US Equity 
EARGO INC 
Equity Securities 
119,265,586 
US2700872086 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
212 HK Equity 
NANYANG HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
119,213,138 
BMG6362N1011 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AOUT US Equity 
AMERICAN OUTDOOR 
Equity Securities 
119,189,628 
US02875D1090 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PVBC US Equity 
PROVIDENT BANCOR 
Equity Securities 
119,145,134 
US74383L1052 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TRCA US Equity 
TWIN RIDGE CAP-A 
Equity Securities 
119,068,819 
KYG9151L1041 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
OPA US Equity 
MAGNUM OPUS AC-A 
Equity Securities 
118,965,900 
KYG5S70A1049 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York 
FCUV US Equity 
FOCUS UNIVERSAL 
Equity Securities 
118,839,399 
US34417J1043 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TFIN IM Equity 
TREVI FINANZIARIA 
INDUSTRIAL 
Equity Securities 
118,820,616 
IT0005422768 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
NOM NO Equity 
NORDIC MINING ASA 
Equity Securities 
118,775,232 
NO0010317340 
Materials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
VIA US Equity 
VIA RENEWABLES I 
Equity Securities 
118,760,918 
US92556D3044 
Utilities 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GRTX US Equity 
GALERA THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
118,639,283 
US36338D1081 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
910 HK Equity 
CHINA SANDI HOLD 
Equity Securities 
118,619,833 
BMG2118U1018 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ECBK US Equity 
ECB BANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
118,452,439 
US26828M1062 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
439 HK Equity 
KUANGCHI SCIENCE 
Equity Securities 
118,434,157 
BMG5326A1062 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
BST IM Equity 
BANCA SISTEMA SPA 
Equity Securities 
118,382,984 
IT0003173629 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
ARH PW Equity 
ARCHICOM SA 
Equity Securities 
118,325,943 
PLARHCM00016 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
RSU1L LH Equity 
ROKISKIO SURIS 
Equity Securities 
118,321,257 
LT0000100372 
Consumer Staples 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
GPAC US Equity 
GLOBAL PARTNER-A 
Equity Securities 
118,318,292 
KYG3934P1028 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1051 HK Equity 
G-RESOURCES GROU 
Equity Securities 
118,304,313 
BMG4111M2019 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALCLS FP Equity 
CELLECTIS 
Equity Securities 
118,134,040 
FR0010425595 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ESG DC Equity 
ENNOGIE SOLAR GR 
Equity Securities 
118,088,206 
DK0010305077 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
RVSB US Equity 
RIVERVIEW BANCRP 
Equity Securities 
118,014,879 
US7693971001 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GUI FP Equity 
GUILLEMOT CORP 
Equity Securities 
117,945,541 
FR0000066722 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
EML US Equity 
EASTERN CO 
Equity Securities 
117,906,445 
US2763171046 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCYG US Equity 
PARK CITY GROUP 
Equity Securities 
117,847,898 
US7002153044 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
USCT US Equity 
TKB CRITICAL T-A 
Equity Securities 
117,775,392 
KYG889351121 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
OVBC US Equity 
OHIO VALLEY BANC 
Equity Securities 
117,741,218 
US6777191064 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IWS NO Equity 
INTEGRATED WIND 
SOLUTIONS AS 
Equity Securities 
117,732,616 
NO0010955883 
Industrials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1853 HK Equity 
JILIN PROVINCE C 
Equity Securities 
117,716,917 
CNE100003N84 
Utilities 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ML US Equity 
MONEYLION INC 
Equity Securities 
117,705,414 
US60938K1060 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DTH IM Equity 
DEFENCE TECH HOLDING 
SPA 
Equity Securities 
117,675,432 
IT0005461329 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1100 HK Equity 
MAINLAND HEADWEA 
Equity Securities 
117,508,650 
BMG5754W1091 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1778 HK Equity 
COLOUR LIFE SERV 
Equity Securities 
117,487,611 
KYG229151058 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TOTG NO Equity 
TOTENS SPAREBANK 
Equity Securities 
117,430,792 
NO0006001205 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ALAFY FP Equity 
AFYREN SAS 
Equity Securities 
117,291,871 
FR0014005AC9 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
2488 HK Equity 
LAUNCH TECH-H 
Equity Securities 
117,278,104 
CNE1000000V6 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
RBW PW Equity 
RAINBOW 
Equity Securities 
117,257,493 
PLRNBWT00031 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DUET US Equity 
DUET ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
117,191,701 
US26431Q1067 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BYTS US Equity 
BYTE ACQUISITI-A 
Equity Securities 
117,152,406 
KYG1R25Q1059 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
TRS AU Equity 
REJECT SHOP LTD 
Equity Securities 
116,965,047 
AU000000TRS9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
6928 HK Equity 
TOMO HOLDINGS LT 
Equity Securities 
116,944,168 
KYG8955R1011 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 264 ---
Annex I - page 154 of 162 
 
BEEM US Equity 
BEAM GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
116,918,156 
US07373B1098 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MIT IM Equity 
MITTEL SPA 
Equity Securities 
116,891,208 
IT0001447348 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
XRF AU Equity 
XRF SCIENTIFIC L 
Equity Securities 
116,859,330 
AU000000XRF8 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PSQ AU Equity 
PACIFIC SMILES G 
Equity Securities 
116,786,213 
AU000000PSQ9 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
166 HK Equity 
NEW TIMES ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
116,705,136 
BMG6488Q1454 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
711 HK Equity 
ASIA ALLIED INFR 
Equity Securities 
116,699,355 
BMG0578N1048 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FNWB US Equity 
FIRST NORTHWEST 
Equity Securities 
116,669,103 
US3358341077 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
720 HK Equity 
AUTO ITALIA HLDG 
Equity Securities 
116,639,090 
BMG066391019 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CIA US Equity 
CITIZENS INC 
Equity Securities 
116,625,869 
US1747401008 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
CKML CZ Equity 
CAKOVECKI MLINOV 
Equity Securities 
116,543,303 
HRCKMLRA0008 
Consumer Staples 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
554 HK Equity 
HANS ENERGY COMP 
Equity Securities 
116,432,490 
KYG4382G1073 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CBFV US Equity 
CB FINANCIAL SER 
Equity Securities 
116,409,717 
US12479G1013 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SNRH US Equity 
SENIOR CONNECT-A 
Equity Securities 
116,366,880 
US81723H1086 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MSONA SS Equity 
MIDSONA AB-A 
Equity Securities 
116,246,828 
SE0000565210 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
MSONB SS Equity 
MIDSONA AB-B 
Equity Securities 
116,245,699 
SE0000565228 
Consumer Staples 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
139 HK Equity 
CENTRAL WEALTH G 
Equity Securities 
116,237,870 
BMG2118J1062 
Financials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
1756 HK Equity 
CHINA VOCATIONAL 
Equity Securities 
116,179,827 
KYG4643F1046 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1689 HK Equity 
HUAXI HOLDINGS C 
Equity Securities 
116,161,865 
KYG4643G1029 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
LFCR US Equity 
LIFECORE BIOMEDI 
Equity Securities 
116,122,567 
US5147661046 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1868 HK Equity 
NEO-NEON HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
116,064,215 
KYG642571015 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1125 HK Equity 
LAI FUNG HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
115,968,610 
KYG5342X1227 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ACAX US Equity 
ALSET CAPITAL -A 
Equity Securities 
115,926,500 
US02115M1099 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EGG AU Equity 
ENERO GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
115,789,575 
AU000000EGG9 
Communication Services 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
CAMP US Equity 
CALAMP CORP 
Equity Securities 
115,711,054 
US1281261099 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AKBA US Equity 
AKEBIA THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
115,707,772 
US00972D1054 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CMVX RO Equity 
COMVEX 
Equity Securities 
115,616,120 
ROCMVXACNOR7 
Industrials 
Romania 
Romania 
Bucharest 
SFT BU Equity 
SOPHARMA TRADING 
Equity Securities 
115,608,689 
BG1100086070 
Health Care 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
2131 HK Equity 
NETJOY HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
115,549,261 
KYG6429L1068 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GLG US Equity 
TD HOLDINGS INC 
Equity Securities 
115,532,881 
US87250W2026 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AMA AU Equity 
AMA GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
115,273,496 
AU000000AMA8 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
PIG FP Equity 
HAULOTTE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
115,205,666 
FR0000066755 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GRPN US Equity 
GROUPON INC 
Equity Securities 
115,152,386 
US3994732069 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SPH BU Equity 
STARA PLANINA HO 
Equity Securities 
115,099,217 
BG1100005971 
Industrials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
2120 HK Equity 
WENZHOU KANGNI-H 
Equity Securities 
114,990,466 
CNE100002383 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
JAREN NO Equity 
JAREN SPAREBANK 
Equity Securities 
114,973,984 
NO0010359433 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
GYL NO Equity 
GYLDENDAL ASA 
Equity Securities 
114,964,504 
NO0004288200 
Consumer Discretionary 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
HLA AU Equity 
HEALTHIA LTD 
Equity Securities 
114,832,371 
AU0000021693 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BLPH US Equity 
BELLEROPHON THER 
Equity Securities 
114,825,553 
US0787713009 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1127 HK Equity 
LION ROCK GROUP 
Equity Securities 
114,765,797 
BMG6577U1062 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ETH IM Equity 
EUROTECH SPA 
Equity Securities 
114,729,136 
IT0003895668 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MLVF US Equity 
MALVERN BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
114,671,475 
US5614091032 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1885 HK Equity 
CHINA WOOD OPTIM 
Equity Securities 
114,651,145 
KYG216171085 
Materials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BHG US Equity 
BRIGHT HEALTH GR 
Equity Securities 
114,640,144 
US10920V1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
1965 HK Equity 
LANDSEA GREEN LI 
Equity Securities 
114,597,049 
KYG5371B1086 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CPHC US Equity 
CANTERBURY PARK 
Equity Securities 
114,587,320 
US13811E1010 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
APXI US Equity 
APX ACQUISITION 
Equity Securities 
114,560,135 
KYG0440J1094 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
OPOF US Equity 
OLD POINT FINL 
Equity Securities 
114,507,580 
US6801941070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CTV US Equity 
INNOVID CORP 
Equity Securities 
114,503,461 
US4576791085 
Communication Services 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DKUPL FP Equity 
DEKUPLE 
Equity Securities 
114,474,163 
FR0000062978 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris

--- Page 265 ---
Annex I - page 155 of 162 
 
ADJ GR Equity 
ADLER GROUP SA 
Equity Securities 
114,419,218 
LU1250154413 
Real Estate 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Xetra 
2329 HK Equity 
GLORY HEALTH IND 
Equity Securities 
114,367,375 
KYG394071040 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BOREO FH Equity 
BOREO OYJ 
Equity Securities 
114,360,697 
FI0009900724 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
757 HK Equity 
SOLARGIGA ENERGY 
Equity Securities 
114,322,250 
KYG8268W1024 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1738 HK Equity 
FEISHANG ANTHRAC 
Equity Securities 
114,314,169 
VGG3375A1194 
Energy 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
543 HK Equity 
PACIFIC ONLINE 
Equity Securities 
114,284,537 
KYG9684P1019 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
NTIC US Equity 
NORTHERN TECH 
Equity Securities 
114,269,568 
US6658091094 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1243 HK Equity 
WANG ON PROPERTI 
Equity Securities 
114,243,497 
BMG9430P1086 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ANNEB SS Equity 
ANNEHEM FASTI-B 
Equity Securities 
114,222,274 
SE0015221684 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
QRHC US Equity 
QUEST RESOURCE H 
Equity Securities 
114,202,956 
US74836W2035 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ISPO US Equity 
INSPIRATO INC 
Equity Securities 
114,173,090 
US45791E1073 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
REAL US Equity 
REALREAL INC/THE 
Equity Securities 
114,135,435 
US88339P1012 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MHH US Equity 
MASTECH DIGITAL 
Equity Securities 
114,076,920 
US57633B1008 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
DECA US Equity 
DENALI CAPITAL A 
Equity Securities 
114,069,150 
KYG6256B1068 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
QFG BB Equity 
QUESTFOR GR-PRIC 
Equity Securities 
114,057,187 
BE0003730448 
Financials 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
TOR PW Equity 
TORPOL SA 
Equity Securities 
114,047,042 
PLTORPL00016 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
VERY US Equity 
VERICITY INC 
Equity Securities 
114,016,875 
US92347D1000 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AZS AU Equity 
AZURE MINERALS L 
Equity Securities 
113,954,985 
AU000000AZS2 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MAKS SM Equity 
MAKING SCIENCE G 
Equity Securities 
113,880,255 
ES0105463006 
Communication Services 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
CRADB SS Equity 
C-RAD AB-B SHS 
Equity Securities 
113,877,383 
SE0002016352 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
ALMIL FP Equity 
1000MERCIS 
Equity Securities 
113,762,467 
FR0010285965 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
BKY AU Equity 
BERKELEY ENERGIA 
Equity Securities 
113,737,009 
AU000000BKY0 
Energy 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
QBY GR Equity 
Q.BEYOND AG 
Equity Securities 
113,689,367 
DE0005137004 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
AUG1L LH Equity 
AUGA GROUP AB 
Equity Securities 
113,667,130 
LT0000127466 
Consumer Staples 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE 
ARBB US Equity 
ARB IOT GROUP LT 
Equity Securities 
113,662,500 
KYG0447T1004 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1608 HK Equity 
VPOWER GROUP INT 
Equity Securities 
113,575,806 
KYG939541085 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
TRVI US Equity 
TREVI THERAPEUTI 
Equity Securities 
113,523,621 
US89532M1018 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PHL CY Equity 
PETROLINA HO LTD 
Equity Securities 
113,523,371 
CY0006310615 
Energy 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Nicosia 
FINW US Equity 
FINWISE BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
113,497,462 
US31813A1097 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EDL GR Equity 
EDEL SE & CO KGA 
Equity Securities 
113,484,536 
DE0005649503 
Communication Services 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
FLEXO GA Equity 
FLEXOPACK SA 
Equity Securities 
113,398,260 
GRS259003002 
Materials 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
HCO FP Equity 
HIGH CO 
Equity Securities 
113,353,202 
FR0000054231 
Communication Services 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
RFG AU Equity 
RETAIL FOOD GROU 
Equity Securities 
113,342,453 
AU000000RFG3 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
AFMD US Equity 
AFFIMED NV 
Equity Securities 
113,229,084 
NL0010872420 
Health Care 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
NASDAQ 
MDR AU Equity 
MEDADVISOR LTD 
Equity Securities 
113,201,761 
AU000000MDR6 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2298 HK Equity 
COSMO LADY CHINA 
Equity Securities 
113,190,694 
KYG244421080 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1085 HK Equity 
HENGXIN TECH LTD 
Equity Securities 
113,188,706 
SG1T38930320 
Information Technology 
Singapore 
Singapore 
Hong Kong 
FONR US Equity 
FONAR CORP 
Equity Securities 
113,155,194 
US3444374058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
8402 HK Equity 
GT STEEL CONSTRU 
Equity Securities 
113,122,463 
KYG417431080 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
COOL US Equity 
CORNER GROWTH AC 
Equity Securities 
113,033,514 
KYG2425N1051 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
VHM AU Equity 
VHM LTD 
Equity Securities 
113,013,795 
AU0000253189 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GDNR US Equity 
GARDINER HEALTHC 
Equity Securities 
112,987,500 
US3655061048 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RMBI US Equity 
RICHMOND MUTUAL 
Equity Securities 
112,883,794 
US76525P1003 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TSL IM Equity 
TESSELLIS SPA 
Equity Securities 
112,868,208 
IT0005496473 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CWBC US Equity 
COMMUNI WEST BCS 
Equity Securities 
112,824,776 
US2041571017 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MNOV US Equity 
MEDICINOVA INC 
Equity Securities 
112,806,366 
US58468P2065 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AUTME IM Equity 
AUTOSTRADE 
MERIDIONALI SPA 
Equity Securities 
112,775,024 
IT0000084043 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SOND US Equity 
SONDER HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
112,711,388 
US83542D1028 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 266 ---
Annex I - page 156 of 162 
 
MZX GR Equity 
MASTERFLEX SE 
Equity Securities 
112,599,951 
DE0005492938 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IVA FP Equity 
INVENTIVA SA 
Equity Securities 
112,573,437 
FR0013233012 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
950 HK Equity 
LEES PHARM 
Equity Securities 
112,517,744 
KYG5438W1116 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
GT1 AU Equity 
GREEN TECHNOLOGY 
Equity Securities 
112,512,138 
AU0000177271 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
BIG FP Equity 
BIGBEN INTERACTI 
Equity Securities 
112,473,001 
FR0000074072 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ALKEM FP Equity 
GROUPE BERKEM SA 
Equity Securities 
112,390,275 
FR00140069V2 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SXE AU Equity 
SOUTHERN CROSS E 
Equity Securities 
112,365,047 
AU000000SXE9 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
INT IM Equity 
INTERMONTE PARTNERS 
SIM SPA 
Equity Securities 
112,359,048 
IT0005460016 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SVIK SS Equity 
STUDSVIK AB 
Equity Securities 
112,300,041 
SE0000653230 
Industrials 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
OCUP US Equity 
OCUPHIRE PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
112,280,369 
US67577R1023 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
355 HK Equity 
CENTURY CITY INT 
Equity Securities 
112,279,423 
BMG2020F1683 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
GF IM Equity 
GENERALFINANCE SPA 
Equity Securities 
112,261,168 
IT0005144784 
Financials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SZZL US Equity 
SIZZLE ACQUISITI 
Equity Securities 
112,178,980 
US83014E1091 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CZWI US Equity 
CITIZENS COMMUNI 
Equity Securities 
112,166,185 
US1749031043 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AUHR CZ Equity 
AUTO HRVATSKA 
Equity Securities 
112,148,996 
HRAUHRRA0009 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
DEM CY Equity 
DEMETRA HOLDINGS 
Equity Securities 
112,148,996 
CY0005350216 
Financials 
Cyprus 
Cyprus 
Nicosia 
VLS IM Equity 
VALSOIA SPA 
Equity Securities 
112,114,720 
IT0001018362 
Consumer Staples 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1601 HK Equity 
ZHONGGUANCUN S-H 
Equity Securities 
112,103,398 
CNE100003Q08 
Financials 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
ILKKA1 FH Equity 
ILKKA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
112,096,529 
FI0009800197 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
ILKKA2 FH Equity 
ILKKA OYJ 
Equity Securities 
112,096,529 
FI0009800205 
Communication Services 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
MIKO BB Equity 
MIKO 
Equity Securities 
111,977,474 
BE0003731453 
Consumer Staples 
Belgium 
Belgium 
EN Brussels 
BRB AU Equity 
BREAKER RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
111,961,880 
AU000000BRB3 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ELOG SV Equity 
ELEKTRO LJUBLJAN 
Equity Securities 
111,947,505 
SI0031104597 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
FUNC US Equity 
FIRST UTD CORP 
Equity Securities 
111,923,791 
US33741H1077 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
8095 HK Equity 
BEIDA JADE BIR-H 
Equity Securities 
111,898,132 
CNE100000551 
Consumer Discretionary 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
CELU US Equity 
CELULARITY INC 
Equity Securities 
111,889,580 
US1511901050 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6908 HK Equity 
HG SEMICONDUCTOR 
Equity Securities 
111,876,271 
KYG3970H1056 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ATAK US Equity 
AURORA TECHNOL-A 
Equity Securities 
111,810,883 
KYG069841198 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
VBOC US Equity 
VISCOGLIOSI BROT 
Equity Securities 
111,801,563 
US92838K1007 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
B7E GR Equity 
BLUE CAP AG 
Equity Securities 
111,718,166 
DE000A0JM2M1 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
PYT AV Equity 
POLYTEC HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
111,708,769 
AT0000A00XX9 
Consumer Discretionary 
Austria 
Austria 
Vienna 
SOFB SS Equity 
SOFTRONIC AB-B 
Equity Securities 
111,703,609 
SE0000323305 
Information Technology 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HOLCO NA Equity 
HOLLAND COLO-NV 
Equity Securities 
111,622,795 
NL0000440311 
Materials 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
EN Amsterdam 
LARK US Equity 
LANDMARK BANCORP 
Equity Securities 
111,622,791 
US51504L1070 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6968 HK Equity 
GANGLONG CHINA P 
Equity Securities 
111,564,668 
KYG373041055 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
837 HK Equity 
CARPENTER TAN 
Equity Securities 
111,526,683 
KYG1991G1064 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
528 HK Equity 
KINGDOM HLDG LTD 
Equity Securities 
111,498,547 
KYG525741032 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FRI AU Equity 
FINBAR GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
111,449,123 
AU000000FRI9 
Real Estate 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
RXM AU Equity 
REX MINERALS LTD 
Equity Securities 
111,439,325 
AU000000RXM4 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
232 HK Equity 
CONTINENTAL AERO 
Equity Securities 
111,404,891 
BMG2381M1091 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
YGF US Equity 
YANGUFANG INTERN 
Equity Securities 
111,360,000 
KYG9834A1031 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
ESPR US Equity 
ESPERION THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
111,339,201 
US29664W1053 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PREMIA GA Equity 
PREMIA SA 
Equity Securities 
111,315,313 
GRS497003012 
Real Estate 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
2369 HK Equity 
COOLPAD 
Equity Securities 
111,296,263 
KYG2418K1004 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
6158 HK Equity 
ZHENRO PROPERTIE 
Equity Securities 
111,281,829 
KYG9897E1098 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
82 HK Equity 
CRAZY SPORTS GRO 
Equity Securities 
111,280,929 
BMG249551091 
Communication Services 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
PLAIS GA Equity 
PLAISIO COMPUTER 
Equity Securities 
111,166,643 
GRS320313000 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
DSE AU Equity 
DROPSUITE LTD 
Equity Securities 
111,166,454 
AU000000DSE1 
Information Technology 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE

--- Page 267 ---
Annex I - page 157 of 162 
 
ACI CZ Equity 
ACI DD OPATIJA 
Equity Securities 
111,120,524 
HRACI0RA0000 
Consumer Discretionary 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
FORE FP Equity 
FOREST EQUATORIA 
Equity Securities 
111,107,874 
CI0000053161 
Industrials 
Cote D'Ivoire 
Cote D'Ivoire 
EN Paris 
MRC PW Equity 
MERCATOR MEDICAL 
Equity Securities 
111,056,763 
PLMRCTR00015 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ALBI FP Equity 
GASCOGNE 
Equity Securities 
110,970,569 
FR0000124414 
Materials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
APG SM Equity 
AXON PARTNERS GR 
Equity Securities 
110,874,967 
ES0105659009 
Financials 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
DRRX US Equity 
DURECT CORP 
Equity Securities 
110,671,599 
US2666055007 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
97 HK Equity 
HENDERSON INV 
Equity Securities 
110,636,866 
HK0097000571 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CAPR US Equity 
CAPRICOR THERAPE 
Equity Securities 
110,617,575 
US14070B3096 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SAI US Equity 
SAITECH GLOBAL C 
Equity Securities 
110,565,006 
KYG7852T1031 
Information Technology 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
BHAC US Equity 
CRIXUS BH3 ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
110,531,820 
US22677T1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALBIO FP Equity 
BIOSYNEX 
Equity Securities 
110,472,571 
FR0011005933 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GEOS US Equity 
GEOSPACE TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
110,431,617 
US37364X1090 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
V3V GR Equity 
VITA 34 AG 
Equity Securities 
110,376,858 
DE000A0BL849 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
149 HK Equity 
CH AGRI-PROD EX 
Equity Securities 
110,309,294 
BMG2150P2343 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
2048 HK Equity 
E-HOUSE CHINA EN 
Equity Securities 
110,292,423 
KYG2955A1013 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
RVLP US Equity 
RVL PHARMACEUTIC 
Equity Securities 
110,278,294 
IE00BF2HDL56 
Health Care 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
BST PW Equity 
BEST 
Equity Securities 
110,277,142 
PLBEST000010 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CASA US Equity 
CASA SYSTEMS INC 
Equity Securities 
110,256,475 
US14713L1026 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PESI US Equity 
PERMA-FIX ENVIR 
Equity Securities 
110,204,119 
US7141572039 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATC AU Equity 
ALTECH BATTERIES 
Equity Securities 
110,162,021 
AU000000ATC9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GIGA NO Equity 
GIGANTE SALMON AS 
Equity Securities 
110,124,728 
NO0011013765 
Consumer Staples 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
EBMT US Equity 
EAGLE BANCORP MO 
Equity Securities 
110,082,954 
US26942G1004 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TES IM Equity 
TESMEC SPA 
Equity Securities 
110,028,416 
IT0004585243 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
CTMX US Equity 
CYTOMX THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
109,938,556 
US23284F1057 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TOA PW Equity 
TOYA SA 
Equity Securities 
109,906,374 
PLTOYA000011 
Consumer Discretionary 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1731 HK Equity 
PROSPEROUS INDUS 
Equity Securities 
109,861,275 
KYG7283E1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
573 HK Equity 
TAO HEUNG 
Equity Securities 
109,835,262 
KYG8672Y1089 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BRID US Equity 
BRIDGFORD FOODS 
Equity Securities 
109,829,667 
US1087631032 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RCMT US Equity 
RCM TECH INC 
Equity Securities 
109,757,544 
US7493604000 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
AR1 AU Equity 
AUSTRAL RESOURCE 
Equity Securities 
109,721,133 
AU0000175838 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
99 HK Equity 
WONGS INTL HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
109,717,430 
BMG9738G1078 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
HGBL US Equity 
HERITAGE GLOBAL 
Equity Securities 
109,688,566 
US42727E1038 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
360 HK Equity 
NEW FOCUS AUTO T 
Equity Securities 
109,663,492 
KYG645451090 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALOT US Equity 
ASTRONOVA INC 
Equity Securities 
109,654,644 
US04638F1084 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LCUT US Equity 
LIFETIME BRANDS 
Equity Securities 
109,568,028 
US53222Q1031 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FREE US Equity 
WHOLE EARTH BRAN 
Equity Securities 
109,441,296 
US96684W1009 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TLSA US Equity 
TIZIANA LIFE SCI 
Equity Securities 
109,431,697 
BMG889121031 
Health Care 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
NASDAQ 
AKLI US Equity 
AKILI INC 
Equity Securities 
109,341,519 
US00974B1070 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
346 HK Equity 
YANCHANG PETRO 
Equity Securities 
109,310,974 
BMG9833W1064 
Energy 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FSFG US Equity 
FIRST SAVINGS FI 
Equity Securities 
109,303,152 
US33621E1091 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
BLEKEDRO GA Equity 
BLE KEDROS REIC 
Equity Securities 
109,246,316 
GRS524003001 
N/A 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
213 HK Equity 
NATL ELEC HLDGS 
Equity Securities 
108,926,422 
BMG6374F1041 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
8227 HK Equity 
XIAN HAITIAN AN 
Equity Securities 
108,782,669 
CNE1000001D2 
Information Technology 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
BFIN US Equity 
BANKFINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
108,533,640 
US06643P1049 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MLS PW Equity 
ML SYSTEM SA 
Equity Securities 
108,493,316 
PLMLSTM00015 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
1854 HK Equity 
CHINA WANTIAN HO 
Equity Securities 
108,426,353 
KYG3945R1056 
Consumer Staples 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CANTA SS Equity 
CANTARGIA AB 
Equity Securities 
108,423,187 
SE0006371126 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
AVL AU Equity 
AUSTRALIAN VANAD 
Equity Securities 
108,400,306 
AU000000AVL6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
XBIT US Equity 
XBIOTECH INC 
Equity Securities 
108,363,819 
CA98400H1029 
Health Care 
Canada 
Canada 
NASDAQ

--- Page 268 ---
Annex I - page 158 of 162 
 
8418 HK Equity 
OPTIMA AUTOMOBIL 
Equity Securities 
108,281,637 
KYG677201058 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BGSF US Equity 
BGSF INC 
Equity Securities 
108,114,828 
US05601C1053 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
GENQ US Equity 
GENESIS UNICOR-A 
Equity Securities 
108,111,759 
US37187C1009 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1228 HK Equity 
CANBRIDGE PHARMA 
Equity Securities 
108,101,232 
KYG1821D1097 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
HP3A GR Equity 
RINGMETALL AG 
Equity Securities 
108,029,560 
DE000A3E5E55 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
8021 HK Equity 
WLS HOLDINGS LTD 
Equity Securities 
107,983,412 
BMG9726D1323 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
CENN US Equity 
CENNTRO ELECTRIC 
Equity Securities 
107,920,089 
AU0000198582 
Consumer Discretionary 
Australia 
Australia 
NASDAQ 
PWO GR Equity 
PROGRESS-WERK OB 
Equity Securities 
107,888,433 
DE0006968001 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DIT US Equity 
AMCON DISTRIBUT 
Equity Securities 
107,838,457 
US02341Q2057 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
KITT US Equity 
NAUTICUS ROBOTIC 
Equity Securities 
107,801,307 
US63911H1086 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALREA FP Equity 
REALITES 
Equity Securities 
107,754,571 
FR0011858190 
Real Estate 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
334 HK Equity 
CHINA DISPLAY OP 
Equity Securities 
107,736,811 
BMG2120L1072 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
MHUA US Equity 
MEIHUA INTERNATI 
Equity Securities 
107,730,000 
KYG5966G1082 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
420 HK Equity 
FOUNTAIN SET HLD 
Equity Securities 
107,678,904 
HK0420001817 
Consumer Discretionary 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
FFNW US Equity 
FIRST FINANCIAL 
Equity Securities 
107,672,972 
US32022K1025 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CVM US Equity 
CEL-SCI CORP 
Equity Securities 
107,659,927 
US1508376076 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
129 HK Equity 
ASIA STANDARD IN 
Equity Securities 
107,601,459 
BMG0533U2355 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
QFTA US Equity 
QUANTUM FINTECH 
Equity Securities 
107,508,396 
US74767A1051 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
PWFL US Equity 
POWERFLEET INC 
Equity Securities 
107,425,788 
US73931J1097 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
PCA FP Equity 
PCAS 
Equity Securities 
107,381,703 
FR0000053514 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
GNSS US Equity 
GENASYS INC 
Equity Securities 
107,327,356 
US36872P1030 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALLUX FP Equity 
INSTALLUX SA 
Equity Securities 
107,275,805 
FR0000060451 
Industrials 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CAV PW Equity 
CAVATINA HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
107,259,959 
PLCVTNH00040 
Real Estate 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
LNKB US Equity 
LINKBANCORP INC 
Equity Securities 
107,225,384 
US53578P1057 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
985 HK Equity 
CST GROUP LTD 
Equity Securities 
107,222,798 
KYG2586J1177 
Financials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PTR IM Equity 
PATTERN SPA 
Equity Securities 
107,168,296 
IT0005378143 
Consumer Discretionary 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PNOR NO Equity 
PETRONOR E&P ASA 
Equity Securities 
107,040,256 
NO0011157232 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
VOX PW Equity 
VOXEL SA 
Equity Securities 
107,034,774 
PLVOXEL00014 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CDXC US Equity 
CHROMADEX CORP 
Equity Securities 
107,019,042 
US1710774076 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ATEME FP Equity 
ATEME SA 
Equity Securities 
106,918,073 
FR0011992700 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
ZWACK HB Equity 
ZWACK UNICUM RT 
Equity Securities 
106,906,203 
HU0000074844 
Consumer Staples 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
ADSE US Equity 
ADS-TEC ENERGY P 
Equity Securities 
106,811,204 
IE000DU292E6 
Industrials 
Ireland 
Ireland 
NASDAQ 
OFED US Equity 
OCONEE FEDERAL F 
Equity Securities 
106,772,416 
US6756071055 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NEON US Equity 
NEONODE INC 
Equity Securities 
106,748,393 
US64051M7092 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FATBB US Equity 
FAT BRANDS I-CLB 
Equity Securities 
106,736,046 
US30258N6004 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
FAT US Equity 
FAT BRANDS-CL A 
Equity Securities 
106,736,046 
US30258N1054 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
643 HK Equity 
CARRY WEALTH 
Equity Securities 
106,607,268 
BMG1925S1017 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
SNOR NO Equity 
SPAREBANK 1 
NORDMOERE 
Equity Securities 
106,464,552 
NO0010691660 
Financials 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
LIK GR Equity 
LIMES SCHLOSSKLI 
Equity Securities 
106,389,993 
DE000A0JDBC7 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MMAT US Equity 
META MATERIALS I 
Equity Securities 
106,363,546 
US59134N1046 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
STRO NO Equity 
STRONGPOINT ASA 
Equity Securities 
106,319,512 
NO0010098247 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
REE US Equity 
REE AUTOMOTIVE-A 
Equity Securities 
106,298,710 
IL0011786154 
Consumer Discretionary 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
CTG US Equity 
COMPUTER TASK 
Equity Securities 
106,294,788 
US2054771025 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
IDEX NO Equity 
IDEX BIOMETRICS ASA 
Equity Securities 
106,245,472 
NO0003070609 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
1856 HK Equity 
ERNEST BOREL 
Equity Securities 
106,224,133 
KYG311691086 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
PRIUA CP Equity 
PRIMOCO UAV SE 
Equity Securities 
106,165,626 
CZ0005135970 
Industrials 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
Prague SE 
RGF US Equity 
REAL GOOD FOOD C 
Equity Securities 
106,049,091 
US75601G1094 
Consumer Staples 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HMU GR Equity 
HMS BERGBAU AG 
Equity Securities 
106,017,467 
DE0006061104 
Industrials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra

--- Page 269 ---
Annex I - page 159 of 162 
 
2302 HK Equity 
CNNC INTL LTD 
Equity Securities 
105,935,891 
KYG2352X1262 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
CMRX US Equity 
CHIMERIX INC 
Equity Securities 
105,928,280 
US16934W1062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ENE PW Equity 
CENTRUM MEDYCZNE 
Equity Securities 
105,893,541 
PLENLMD00017 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
FGMC US Equity 
FG MERGER CORP 
Equity Securities 
105,843,755 
US30324Y1010 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1222 HK Equity 
WANG ON GRP LTD 
Equity Securities 
105,839,701 
BMG9429S2464 
Real Estate 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
AGIL US Equity 
AGILETHOUGHT INC 
Equity Securities 
105,819,463 
US00857F1003 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WGN AU Equity 
WAGNERS HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
105,812,426 
AU000000WGN7 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
MOTO GA Equity 
CARS MOTORCYCLES 
Equity Securities 
105,807,630 
GRS488003005 
Consumer Discretionary 
Greece 
Greece 
Athens 
GEA FP Equity 
GEA 
Equity Securities 
105,782,424 
FR0000053035 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
SYN IR Equity 
SYN HF 
Equity Securities 
105,717,848 
IS0000020485 
Communication Services 
Iceland 
Iceland 
Reykjavik 
LUXORB DC Equity 
LUXOR-B 
Equity Securities 
105,516,369 
DK0010213628 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
VNRX US Equity 
VOLITIONRX LTD 
Equity Securities 
105,371,599 
US9286611077 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
NXS AU Equity 
NEXT SCIENCE LTD 
Equity Securities 
105,273,371 
AU0000041329 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
2112 HK Equity 
GRACE LIFE-TECH 
Equity Securities 
105,096,883 
KYG3164G1038 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
FBIO US Equity 
FORTRESS BIOTECH 
Equity Securities 
105,095,146 
US34960Q1094 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
REX AU Equity 
REGIONAL EXPRESS 
Equity Securities 
105,088,461 
AU000000REX1 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
STRM US Equity 
STREAMLINE HEALT 
Equity Securities 
105,071,961 
US86323X1063 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
EXL GR Equity 
EXASOL AG 
Equity Securities 
105,063,798 
DE000A0LR9G9 
Information Technology 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
GASS US Equity 
STEALTHGAS INC 
Equity Securities 
105,055,998 
MHY816691064 
Energy 
Marshall Islands 
Marshall Islands 
NASDAQ 
GNP AU Equity 
GENUSPLUS GROUP 
Equity Securities 
105,005,588 
AU0000117160 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
DEF GR Equity 
DEFAMA AG 
Equity Securities 
104,981,009 
DE000A13SUL5 
Real Estate 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
REACH NO Equity 
REACH SUBSEA ASA 
Equity Securities 
104,921,720 
NO0003117202 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
ALNG NO Equity 
AWILCO LNG AS 
Equity Securities 
104,897,720 
NO0010607971 
Energy 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
2033 HK Equity 
TIME WATCH 
Equity Securities 
104,871,046 
KYG8879M1050 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALPP US Equity 
ALPINE 4 HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
104,859,454 
US02083E1055 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
MPRA US Equity 
MERCATO PARTNE-A 
Equity Securities 
104,825,286 
US58759A1088 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
LUS1 GR Equity 
LANG & SCHWARZ 
Equity Securities 
104,808,514 
DE000LS1LUS9 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
MAU AU Equity 
MAGNETIC RESOURC 
Equity Securities 
104,784,338 
AU000000MAU6 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VII US Equity 
7GC & CO HOLD-A 
Equity Securities 
104,683,142 
US81786A1079 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SCYX US Equity 
SCYNEXIS INC 
Equity Securities 
104,637,771 
US8112922005 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
RDG AU Equity 
RESOURCE DEVELOP 
Equity Securities 
104,601,623 
AU000000RDG8 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
OBL PW Equity 
ORZBIALY 
Equity Securities 
104,574,633 
PLORZBL00013 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
ASTR US Equity 
ASTRA SPACE INC 
Equity Securities 
104,571,914 
US04634X1037 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
2289 HK Equity 
CHARMACY PHARM-H 
Equity Securities 
104,561,845 
CNE1000023D6 
Health Care 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
MNTX US Equity 
MANITEX INTERNAT 
Equity Securities 
104,556,473 
US5634201082 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
HYPR US Equity 
HYPERFINE INC 
Equity Securities 
104,448,519 
US44916K1060 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
SMID US Equity 
SMITH-MIDLAND CP 
Equity Securities 
104,316,059 
US8321561032 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DTOC US Equity 
DIGITAL TRANSFOR 
Equity Securities 
104,188,141 
US25401K1079 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
TIB BU Equity 
TELEMATIC INTERA 
Equity Securities 
104,181,379 
BG1100014213 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
HAEK GR Equity 
HAEMATO AG 
Equity Securities 
104,068,173 
DE000A289VV1 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
SSSS US Equity 
SURO CAPITAL COR 
Equity Securities 
104,002,589 
US86887Q1094 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
NIXU FH Equity 
NIXU OYJ 
Equity Securities 
103,999,816 
FI0009008387 
Information Technology 
Finland 
Finland 
Helsinki 
WTMA US Equity 
WELSBACH TECHNOL 
Equity Securities 
103,921,052 
US9504151096 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ALVU FP Equity 
VENTE-UNIQUE.COM 
Equity Securities 
103,795,093 
FR0010766667 
Consumer Discretionary 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
APYX US Equity 
APYX MEDICAL COR 
Equity Securities 
103,793,466 
US03837C1062 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
3991 HK Equity 
CHANGHONG JIAHUA 
Equity Securities 
103,773,995 
BMG2042K1045 
Information Technology 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
KING NO Equity 
KINGFISH CO NV/THE 
Equity Securities 
103,769,808 
NL00150001S5 
Consumer Staples 
Netherlands 
Netherlands 
Oslo 
2011 HK Equity 
CHINA APEX GROUP 
Equity Securities 
103,738,472 
KYG2R11R1079 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
KNF1L LH Equity 
KLAIPEDOS NAFTA 
Equity Securities 
103,725,015 
LT0000111650 
Energy 
Lithuania 
Lithuania 
Vilnius SE

--- Page 270 ---
Annex I - page 160 of 162 
 
1358 HK Equity 
PW MEDTECH GROUP 
Equity Securities 
103,711,985 
KYG7306W1087 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
1188 HK Equity 
HYBRID KINETIC G 
Equity Securities 
103,710,230 
BMG4709W1082 
Consumer Discretionary 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
ALATI FP Equity 
ACTIA GROUP 
Equity Securities 
103,648,457 
FR0000076655 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
CLRC US Equity 
CLIMATEROCK - A 
Equity Securities 
103,603,500 
KYG2311X1007 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
1989 HK Equity 
PINE CARE GROUP 
Equity Securities 
103,516,226 
KYG710081095 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ALLT US Equity 
ALLOT LTD 
Equity Securities 
103,515,019 
IL0010996549 
Information Technology 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
ITERA NO Equity 
ITERA ASA 
Equity Securities 
103,510,576 
NO0010001118 
Information Technology 
Norway 
Norway 
Oslo 
BUB AU Equity 
BUBS AUSTRALIA L 
Equity Securities 
103,414,581 
AU000000BUB7 
Consumer Staples 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SLAC US Equity 
SOCIAL LEVERA-A 
Equity Securities 
103,389,497 
US83363K1025 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
YIPS SM Equity 
INVERSA PRIME SO 
Equity Securities 
103,387,892 
ES0105389003 
Real Estate 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
HYMC US Equity 
HYCROFT MINING H 
Equity Securities 
103,159,416 
US44862P1093 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
WBGRB SS Equity 
WASTBYGG AB 
Equity Securities 
103,109,933 
SE0014453874 
Real Estate 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
BCLI US Equity 
BRAINSTORM CELL 
Equity Securities 
103,057,455 
US10501E2019 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1993 HK Equity 
ASIARAY MEDIA GR 
Equity Securities 
103,013,882 
KYG0623M1015 
Communication Services 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
ESAC US Equity 
ESGEN ACQUISIT-A 
Equity Securities 
102,961,793 
KYG3R95N1030 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
UBFO US Equity 
UNITED SECURI/CA 
Equity Securities 
102,907,674 
US9114601035 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
DIG IM Equity 
DIGITAL360 SPA 
Equity Securities 
102,790,032 
IT0005254252 
Communication Services 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
PRSR US Equity 
PROSPECTOR CAP-A 
Equity Securities 
102,777,798 
KYG7273A1058 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
KRE DC Equity 
KREDITBANKEN 
Equity Securities 
102,772,892 
DK0010253764 
Financials 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
1611 HK Equity 
NEW HUO TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
102,725,813 
VGG4671J1012 
Information Technology 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
Hong Kong 
EMAG SV Equity 
ELEKTRO MARIBOR 
Equity Securities 
102,656,843 
SI0031108580 
N/A 
Slovenia 
Slovenia 
Ljubljana 
UBM HB Equity 
UBM HOLDING COMP 
Equity Securities 
102,625,509 
HU0000145990 
N/A 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
PHX US Equity 
PHX MINERALS INC 
Equity Securities 
102,540,646 
US69291A1007 
Energy 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
BML PW Equity 
BIOMEDLUB 
Equity Securities 
102,505,765 
PLBMDLB00018 
Health Care 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
DLKV CZ Equity 
DALEKOVOD DD 
Equity Securities 
102,493,909 
HRDLKVRA0006 
Industrials 
Croatia 
Croatia 
Zagreb 
PRDS US Equity 
PARDES BIOSCIENC 
Equity Securities 
102,449,797 
US69945Q1058 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
GIGA SM Equity 
GIGAS HOSTING SA 
Equity Securities 
102,423,831 
ES0105093001 
N/A 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
SEB IM Equity 
SEBINO SPA 
Equity Securities 
102,386,760 
IT0005413510 
Industrials 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
SGF GR Equity 
SGT GERMAN PRIVA 
Equity Securities 
102,370,725 
DE000A1MMEV4 
Financials 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
IHB BU Equity 
INDUSTRIAL HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
102,310,316 
BG1100019980 
Industrials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
E25 AU Equity 
ELEMENT 25 LTD 
Equity Securities 
102,300,074 
AU0000012098 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
1597 HK Equity 
CHINA NATURE ENE 
Equity Securities 
102,230,605 
KYG2121Y1089 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
M7T AU Equity 
MACH7 TECHNOLOGI 
Equity Securities 
102,188,932 
AU000000M7T0 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
ALC AU Equity 
ALCIDION GROUP L 
Equity Securities 
102,165,789 
AU000000ALC6 
Health Care 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
VHC US Equity 
VIRNETX HOLDING 
Equity Securities 
102,137,250 
US92823T1088 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
TMKR US Equity 
TASTEMAKER ACQ-A 
Equity Securities 
102,101,772 
US8765451047 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1023 HK Equity 
SITOY GROUP HOLD 
Equity Securities 
102,078,615 
KYG8190E1052 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
QMCO US Equity 
QUANTUM CORP 
Equity Securities 
102,058,200 
US7479065010 
Information Technology 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
XOS US Equity 
XOS INC 
Equity Securities 
102,033,297 
US98423B1089 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
VGO PW Equity 
VIGO PHOTONICS 
Equity Securities 
101,938,715 
PLVIGOS00015 
Information Technology 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
SBFG US Equity 
SB FINANCIAL GRO 
Equity Securities 
101,754,505 
US78408D1054 
Financials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1036 HK Equity 
VANKE OVERSEAS I 
Equity Securities 
101,725,154 
KYG9320E1061 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
2152 HK Equity 
SUXIN JOYFUL LIF 
Equity Securities 
101,691,910 
CNE100005HN2 
Real Estate 
China 
China 
Hong Kong 
206 HK Equity 
CMIC OCEAN EN-TE 
Equity Securities 
101,642,666 
KYG2124A1076 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AGIL SM Equity 
AGILE CONTENT SA 
Equity Securities 
101,636,070 
ES0105102000 
Information Technology 
Spain 
Spain 
Soc.Bol SIBE 
ECK GR Equity 
LUDWIG BECK AM R 
Equity Securities 
101,566,309 
DE0005199905 
Consumer Discretionary 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
LIFE US Equity 
ATYR PHARMA INC 
Equity Securities 
101,539,519 
US0021202025 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
1971 HK Equity 
REDSUN SERVICES 
Equity Securities 
101,504,481 
KYG7457E1052 
Real Estate 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
BLUA US Equity 
BLUERIVER ACQU-A 
Equity Securities 
101,492,327 
KYG1261Q1073 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
New York

--- Page 271 ---
Annex I - page 161 of 162 
 
SNX PW Equity 
SUNEX 
Equity Securities 
101,469,696 
PLSUNEX00013 
Industrials 
Poland 
Poland 
Warsaw 
CLX AU Equity 
CTI LOGISTICS 
Equity Securities 
101,455,406 
AU000000CLX8 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
611 HK Equity 
CHINA NUCLEAR EN 
Equity Securities 
101,450,453 
BMG2115P1059 
Industrials 
Bermuda 
Bermuda 
Hong Kong 
FLAG US Equity 
FIRST LIGHT AC-A 
Equity Securities 
101,447,306 
US3207031010 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
New York 
EMCG US Equity 
EMBRACE CHANGE A 
Equity Securities 
101,441,181 
KYG3034H1092 
N/A 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
NASDAQ 
APPH GR Equity 
APONTIS PHARMA A 
Equity Securities 
101,401,384 
DE000A3CMGM5 
Health Care 
Germany 
Germany 
Xetra 
DNK AU Equity 
DANAKALI LTD 
Equity Securities 
101,392,870 
AU000000DNK9 
Materials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
GROW IM Equity 
GROWENS SPA 
Equity Securities 
101,309,744 
IT0005040354 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
1586 HK Equity 
CHINA LEON 
Equity Securities 
101,302,322 
KYG2163G1064 
Energy 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
AGBA US Equity 
AGBA GROUP HOLDI 
Equity Securities 
101,280,875 
VGG012121023 
Financials 
British Virgin Islands 
British Virgin Islands 
NASDAQ 
PARKSTA DC Equity 
PARK STREET-A 
Equity Securities 
101,255,440 
DK0010158500 
Real Estate 
Denmark 
Denmark 
Copenhagen 
LIVE US Equity 
LIVE VENTURES IN 
Equity Securities 
101,245,162 
US5381423087 
Consumer Discretionary 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
CCV AU Equity 
CASH CONVERTERS 
Equity Securities 
101,120,095 
AU000000CCV1 
Financials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
SDAC US Equity 
SUSTAINABLE D-A 
Equity Securities 
101,054,085 
US86934L1035 
N/A 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
OSE FP Equity 
OSE IMMUNO 
Equity Securities 
101,039,548 
FR0012127173 
Health Care 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
6833 HK Equity 
SINCO PHARMACEUT 
Equity Securities 
100,998,401 
KYG8154Y1052 
Health Care 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong

--- Page 272 ---
Annex I - page 162 of 162 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MDC IM Equity 
MEDICA SPA 
Equity Securities 
100,988,128 
IT0005460149 
Health Care 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
MLT MV Equity 
MALITA INVEST-B 
Equity Securities 
100,963,782 
MT0000610106 
Real Estate 
Malta 
Malta 
Valletta 
CELL US Equity 
PHENOMEX INC 
Equity Securities 
100,719,813 
US0843101017 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ACNT US Equity 
ASCENT INDUSTRIE 
Equity Securities 
100,501,988 
US8715651076 
Materials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
ONCO SS Equity 
ONCOPEPTIDES AB 
Equity Securities 
100,496,230 
SE0009414576 
Health Care 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Stockholm 
HAE1T ET Equity 
HARJU ELEKTER 
Equity Securities 
100,345,473 
EE3100004250 
Industrials 
Estonia 
Estonia 
Tallinn 
RLT IM Equity 
RELATECH SPA 
Equity Securities 
100,338,680 
IT0005433740 
Information Technology 
Italy 
Italy 
BorsaItaliana 
GSPARK HB Equity 
GRAPHISOFT PARK 
Equity Securities 
100,305,250 
HU0000083696 
Real Estate 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Budapest 
CLG AU Equity 
CLOSE THE LOOP L 
Equity Securities 
100,239,371 
AU0000186504 
Industrials 
Australia 
Australia 
ASE 
531 HK Equity 
SAMSON HLDG LTD 
Equity Securities 
100,219,349 
KYG7783W1006 
Consumer Discretionary 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
SLGL US Equity 
SOL-GEL TECHNOLO 
Equity Securities 
100,212,286 
IL0011417206 
Health Care 
Israel 
Israel 
NASDAQ 
CLA FP Equity 
CLARANOVA SE 
Equity Securities 
100,120,839 
FR0013426004 
Information Technology 
France 
France 
EN Paris 
JNCE US Equity 
JOUNCE THERAPEUT 
Equity Securities 
100,109,332 
US4811161011 
Health Care 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ 
6123 HK Equity 
YTO INTERNATIONA 
Equity Securities 
100,098,765 
KYG9877D1051 
Industrials 
Cayman Islands 
Cayman Islands 
Hong Kong 
237 HK Equity 
SAFETY GODOWN CO 
Equity Securities 
100,090,450 
HK0000642089 
Real Estate 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
Hong Kong 
CCB BU Equity 
CENTRAL COOP BK 
Equity Securities 
100,051,692 
BG1100014973 
Financials 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria 
Bulgaria SE 
CETY US Equity 
CLEAN ENERGY TEC 
Equity Securities 
100,049,254 
US18452H2067 
Industrials 
United States of America 
United States of America 
NASDAQ

--- Page 273 ---
Annex II: Audited Financial Statements  
111 
 
ANNEX II: AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

--- Page 274 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Annual report and audited financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2022

--- Page 275 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Page
Directors' Report
2
Independent Auditor's Report
4
Statement of Financial Position
9
Statement of Comprehensive Income
10
Statement of Changes in Equity
11
Statement of Cash Flows
12
Notes to the Financial Statements
13
1

--- Page 276 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Directors' Report
The Directors present their Report, together with the audited financial statements of alphabeta access products ltd (the
"Company"), for the year ended 31 December 2022.
Incorporation and principal activities
The Company was incorporated as a public company on 29 May 2012. The principal activity of the Company is to issue
secured and unsecured Certificates and notes under the terms of the following programmes: 
- US$ Secured and Unsecured Certificate Programme (Previously US$50,000,000,000)
- US$ 30,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note Programme
- Programme for the Issuance of Exchange Traded Products operating in Sweden
- alphabeta access products ltd and Memel Capital PCC secured and unsecured Notes and Certificates issuance
programme
- Programme for the issuance of Exchange Traded Products operating in Germany
The Certificates and Notes are issued in series and provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products
holding investments in a range of trading Programmes. There were two new series of certificates ("Series 27" and "Series
28"), issued during the year under the various programmes detailed above. 
Results and dividends
The results for the year are set out in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 10. Dividends for the year of
US$2,250 were declared in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021 : US$3,000).
Directors
The following persons were Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report:
S Conroy
T Ridgway 
Statement of Directors' responsibilities
The Directors are responsible for preparing financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
Companies Law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period which give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the Company's surplus or deficit for that period. 
International Accounting Standard 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" requires that financial statements present
fairly, for each financial period, the Company's financial position, financial performance and cash flows. This requires the
faithful representation of the effects of transactions, other events and conditions in accordance with the definitions and
recognition criteria for assets, liabilities, income and expenses set out in the International Accounting Standards Board's
'Framework for the preparation and presentation of financial statements'. In virtually all circumstances, a fair presentation
will be achieved by compliance with all applicable IFRSs. However, the Directors are also required to: 

Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

Make judgements that are reasonable and prudent; and

Prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
Company will continue in business.
The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records, which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any
time, the financial position of the Company and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with Jersey
Company Law. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable
steps for the prevention and detection of fraud error and non compliance with law and regulations.
The Directors confirm that they have complied with the above requirements in preparing the financial statements.
2

--- Page 277 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Directors' Report (continued)
Statement of directors' responsibilities (continued)
The Directors confirm that so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information, of which the Company’s auditor
is unaware and they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as Directors to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of this information. 
Going Concern
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The expenses of the
Company, other than bank charges, are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and income is
received from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges. The Directors have no reason to believe that Morgan Stanley will not
honour this agreement for at least a period to 1 April 2024 and note that this agreement has been in place for a number of
years and Morgan Stanley have continued to meet their obligations under it.  Also, the Directors have no reason to believe
that Morgan Stanley will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions. The unsecured
certificates and notes are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial
assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.
Company Secretary
The Secretary of the Company who has been Secretary for the year under review and up to the date for this report is
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited.
Independent auditors
Grant Thornton Limited were appointed as the Independent Auditor on 6 December 2019 and have expressed their
willingness to continue in office.
Approved by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2023.
Registered Office
47 Esplanade
St Helier
Jersey
JE1 0BD
3

--- Page 278 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the members of alphabeta access products ltd
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of alphabeta access products ltd (the “Company”), which 
comprise the Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Comprehensive Income, Statement of 
Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial 
statements, Including a summary of significant accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements:
• 
give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of 
its financial performance and its cashflows for the year then ended;
• 
are in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the 
International Standards Board (IASB); and
• 
comply with the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) and applicable 
law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the Company in 
accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Jersey, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA 
Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion.
Our approach to the audit
Overview
GrantThornton
Materiality
Overall materiality was $11.53 million, which represents 1% of the 
Company's total assets (2021: $16.77 million which represented 2% of the 
Company's total assets).
We decreased our measurement percentage as the company updated its 
base prospectus during the year to allow it to issue certificates with a 
denomination of less that €100,000.
Audit scope
• We conducted our audit of the financial statements based on information 
provided by the appointed service providers to the Company to whom 
the directors have delegated the provision of certain functions, including 
Crestbridge Limited.
• We have carried out our audit work in Jersey. We have tailored the scope 
of our audit taking into account the types of investments within the 
Company, the accounting processes and controls and the industry in 
which the Company operates.
The Company is a Jersey-incorporated company whose principal activity is 
to issue secured and unsecured certificates. The certificates in issue are 
listed on Euronext Dublin, Gibraltar Stock Exchange, Baden Wurttemberg 
Stock Exchange or Nasdaq First North Sweden.
Key audit 
matters
Key audit matters
• Valuation of investments - this is consistent with prior year.
4

--- Page 279 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)
To the members of alphabets access products ltd
Audit scope
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where the Directors made 
subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making 
assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also 
addressed the risk of the Directors override of internal controls, including among other matters, 
consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement 
due to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion 
on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Company, the accounting 
processes and controls, and the industry in which the Company operates.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain 
reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, 
including the overall Company materiality for the financial statements as a whole as set out in the table 
below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit 
and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, 
both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
$11.53 million (2021: $16.77 million)
Overall materiality
How we determined it
1 % (2021: 2%) of the Company’s total assets.
Rationale for the materiality benchmark
We believe that total assets is the primary 
measure used by the shareholders in assessing 
the performance of the Company. It is also a 
generally accepted measure used for companies 
in this industry.
5

--- Page 280 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued) 
To the members of alphabets access products ltd
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in 
our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context 
of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
The key audit matter/ significant risk
How the matter was addressed in our audit
In responding to the key audit matter, we 
performed the following audit procedures:
• 
We reviewed the Company’s accounting 
policies to confirm their compliance with 
IFRS requirements;
• 
We obtained an understanding of controls 
around the valuation of investments 
including assessing the design and 
implementation of these controls.
• 
We agreed the value of investments held as 
at 31 December 2022 to independent 
investment confirmations or a published 
third-party pricing source.
Based on the results of our audit procedures, we 
are satisfied that the investments have been 
appropriately valued.
Key audit matter and significant risk: 
Valuation of investments (2022: $1,152.52 
million, and 2021: $838.46 million)
We identified investments being materially 
misstated due to incorrect valuation as one of the 
most significant assessed risks of material 
misstatement due to error.
Investments comprise of positions in leveraged 
products that hold investments in a range of 
trading programmes. The fair value of 
Investments (financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss) is based on the price of the 
underlying leveraged products. The fair value 
may be misstated due to inaccuracies in the 
underlying products’ valuations or incorrect 
calculation of the fair value as at year end.
Refer to the accounting policies on pages 13-16 
and Note 4, Financial Assets at Fair Value 
through Profit or Loss, to the Financial 
Statements.
Other information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Annual Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, 
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair 
view in accordance with IFRSs as issued by the IASB, and for such internal control as the Directors 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
6

--- Page 281 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)
To the members of alphabets access products ltd
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to Issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an 
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting 
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If 
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue 
as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate 
threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit 
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
7

--- Page 282 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued) 
To the members of alphabets access products ltd 
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Section 113A of 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the 
Company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no 
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to 
anyone other than the Company and the Company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this 
report, or for the opinions we have formed.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:
• 
proper accounting records have not been kept by the Company; or
• 
the Company’s financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records; or
• 
we have not obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief, are necessary for the purposes of our audit.
/
Alexander Ross Langley
For and on behalf of Grant Thornton Limited 
Chartered Accountants 
St Helier 
Jersey
Date: 31 March 2023
8

--- Page 283 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2022
31 December
31 December
2022
2021
Notes
US$
US$
ASSETS
Current assets
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
4
1,152,522,820
838,456,254
Trade receivables
7
415,827
-
Cash and cash equivalents
8,477
60,641
Total Assets
1,152,947,124
838,516,895
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
6
1,152,522,820
838,456,254
Other payables
8
418,075
44,756
Total Liabilities
1,152,940,895
838,501,010
EQUITY
Capital and Reserves Attributable to the Equity Holders of the
Company
Share capital
5
3
3
Retained earnings
6,226
15,882
Total Equity
6,229
15,885
Total Liabilities and Equity
1,152,947,124
838,516,895
These audited financial statements on pages 9 to 23 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on 28 March 2023 and were signed on its behalf by:
Director
The notes on pages 13 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
9

--- Page 284 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Year ended
31 December
31 December
2022
2021
US$
US$
Income
Other income
3,000
(44,756)
Fair value gain on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
118,087,018
24,463,095
Foreign exchange gain/(loss)
510
(1,076)
118,090,528
24,417,263
Expenses
Bank charges
10,916
2,279
Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
118,087,018
24,463,095
118,097,934
24,465,374
Loss for the year
(7,406)
(48,111)
Total comprehensive loss attributable to:
Equity holders of the company
(7,406)
(48,111)
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations.
The notes on pages 13 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
10

--- Page 285 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Share Capital
Accumulated
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
Balance at 1 January 2021
3
66,993
66,996
Loss for the year
-
(48,111)
(48,111)
Dividends 
-
(3,000)
(3,000)
Balance at 31 December 2021
3
15,882
15,885
Share Capital
Accumulated
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
Balance at 1 January 2022
3
15,882
15,885
Loss for the year
-
(7,406)
(7,406)
Dividends
-
(2,250)
(2,250)
Balance at 31 December 2022
3
6,226
6,229
The notes on pages 13 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
11

--- Page 286 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Year ended
31 December
31 December
2022
2021
Cash flows from operating activities
US$
US$
Net loss for the year
(7,406)
(48,111)
Increase in receivables
(415,827)
-
Increase in other payables
373,319
44,756
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
118,087,018
24,463,095
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(118,087,018)
(24,463,095)
Foreign exchange
(510)
1,076
Net cash used in operating activities
(50,424)
(2,279)
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of investments
(519,508,933)
(517,613,858)
Proceeds from sale of investments
101,157,178
118,477,790
Net cash used in investing activities
(418,351,755)
(399,136,068)
Cash flows from financing activities
Issue of certificates
519,508,933
517,613,858
Redemption of certificates
(101,157,178)
(118,477,790)
Distribution paid
(2,250)
(3,000)
Net cash generated from financing activities
418,349,505
399,133,068
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents
(52,674)
(5,279)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
60,641
66,996
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
510
(1,076)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
8,477
60,641
The notes on pages 13 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
12

--- Page 287 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022
1 General Information
The Company was incorporated as a public company on 29 May 2012. The principal activity of the Company is to issue
secured and unsecured Notes and Certificates under the terms of the following programmes: 
- US$ Secured and Unsecured Certificate Programme (previously US$ 50,000,000,000)
- US$ 30,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note Programme
- alphabeta access products ltd and Memel Capital PCC secured and unsecured Notes and Certificates issuance
programme
- Programme for the Issuance of Exchange Traded Products operating in Sweden
- Programme for the Issuance of Exchange Traded Products operating in Germany
Certificates linked to following investments issued under the Secured and Unsecured Certificate Programme (previously
US$ 50,000,000,000) are detailed below:
Series Name:
Principal Country of Operation
Series 6 - Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited
Cayman Islands
Series 9 - IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited 
Cayman Islands (retired during 2021)
Series 16 - Investment basket
Ireland
Series 17 - MSP (Europe) I  Limited 
Cayman Islands (retired during 2021)
Series 19 - Two Trees Certificate (Cayman) Fund Limited
Cayman Islands (retired during 2022)
Series 20 - RAM (Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA Limited 
Cayman Islands
Series 23 - Investment basket                   
Ireland
Series 24 - Investment basket
Ireland
Series 25 - Bayforest (Cayman) Fund Limited 
Cayman Islands
Series 26 - AQR Commodity  1 (Cayman) Limited
                
Cayman Islands (created during 2021)
Series 27 - Man Custom Hedging (Cayman Limited)                                        Cayman Islands    (created during 2022)
Series 28 - Investment Basket                                                                           Ireland                  (created during 2022)
Certificates linked to the following investments issued under the US$ 30,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note
Programme are detailed below: 
Repack Series 2 - Issue of USD 2,400,000 Fund Linked Note 2029
Gibraltar                                                  
with limited recourse to AT&T Inc 4.35% Bond 2029 and MS BV Warrant
There are two exchange traded products programmes in operation which are detailed below: 
Programme for the Issuance of Exchange Traded Products 
Sweden
Programme for the Issuance of Exchange Traded Products 
Germany
13

--- Page 288 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
2 Principal Accounting Policies
The following accounting policies have been applied consistently throughout the year presented in dealing with items
which are considered to be material in relation to the Company's audited financial statements (the "financial statements").
Basis of preparation
These audited financial statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis, except for financial assets and
liabilities designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ('FVTPL') which have all been measured at fair value. The
financial statements are presented in United States Dollars ('US$').
Statement of compliance
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board ("IASB").
Going concern
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The expenses of the
Company, other than bank charges, are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and income is
received from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges. The Directors have no reason to believe that Morgan Stanley will not
honour this agreement for at least a period to 1 April 2024 and note that this agreement has been in place for a number of
years and Morgan Stanley have continued to meet their obligations under it.  Also, the Directors have no reason to believe
that Morgan Stanley will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions. The unsecured
certificates and notes are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial
assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.
New accounting standards and interpretations
There are no standards, amendments to standards or interpretations that are effective for annual periods beginning on 1
January 2022 that have a material effect on the financial statements of the Company.
(i) New standards, amendments and interpretations not yet effective for reporting periods beginning on 1 January 2023
A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are not yet effective for reporting periods
beginning after 1 January 2023, and have not been applied in preparing these financial statements. The Directors have
assessed that these standards will not have material effect on the financial statements of the Company. 
                                                                                                                                                          Effective Date
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current – Amendments to IAS 1                              1 January 2023     
Definition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to IAS 8               
1 January 2023
Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
1 January 2023
Financial instruments
2.1 Classification                                                                                                                                                                         
The Company classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement categories:
·  those to be measured subsequently at fair value; and
·  those to be measured at amortised cost.
The classification depends on the Company's business model for managing the financial instruments and the contractual
terms of the cash flows.
Assets measured at fair value are Financial Assets at FVTPL and Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other
Comprehensive Income ("FVOCI"), gains and losses of which will be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
income ("OCI") respectively. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
whether the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
investment at FVOCI. No such irrevocable election has been made.
14

--- Page 289 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
2 Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
Financial instruments (continued)
The Company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
2.2  Recognition and initial measurement
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions
of the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at
FVTPL which are measured initially at fair value. 
2.3  Subsequent measurement of financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets
Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the Company's business model for managing the asset and the
cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement categories into which the Company classifies its
financial assets: 

Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is
included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and
losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 

FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a
debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other
gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises. 
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for those that are derivative
financial instruments or financial liabilities that are held for trading i.e. the Certificates and notes, which are classified as
FVTPL. 
2.4  Impairment
For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime
losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.
2.5  Derecognition
Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when
the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it is
extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires. Gains and losses on sales are calculated on an average cost basis.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. For the purpose of the Statement of
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or
less.
Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the primary currency in which the
Company operates. The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is the Company's functional and
presentation currency.
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised
in profit or loss.
15

--- Page 290 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
2 Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
Financial instruments (continued)
Share Capital
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Equity investments issued by
the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
Retained Earnings
Retained earnings represent all current and prior period results of operations as reported in the statement of profit or loss,
reduced by the amounts of dividends declared, if any.
Expenses
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc ("Morgan
Stanley") and consequently are not recognised in these financial statements. Bank charges are recognised on an accruals
basis.
Revenue
Revenue is recognised when there is a new issue of series of Certificates or Notes, from this the Company is entitled to
transaction fees of US$750. In addition, income is received by the Company from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges.
Taxation
The Company is liable to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2021: 0%).
Valuation of Certificates
The Company held 12 series' of certificates and notes as at the year-end. The certificates and notes constitute a straight
pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The certificates are listed on Euronext
Dublin, Gibraltar Stock Exchange, Baden Württemberg Stock Exchange or Nasdaq First North Sweden.
The Company has designated all of the Certificates at FVTPL which is equivalent to the available quoted price of the
underlying investment in the market.  The Certificates are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently re-measured
at fair value through profit or loss based on the last available price of the underlying investment. Profits and losses on
sales are accounted for on a trade date basis and taken to the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
3 Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Critical accounting judgements 
The Directors of the Company have considered there to be no critical accounting judgements made in respect of the
preparation of these financial statements. 
Key sources of estimation
The Company uses valuations received from the third party administrators of the underlying investments for daily Net
Asset Valuation calculations. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are independently valued on an individual
basis depending on the nature of the investment. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on
market conditions and other available information. The certificate investments fall under Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. The table in note 4 shows a reconciliation of opening balances to the year end balances. The Directors consider
there to be no other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date that have a significant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period. 
16

--- Page 291 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
4 Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
Fair Value
31 December
2022
Fair Value
31 December
2021
US$
US$
Investment Programmes
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited (Series 6)
7,326,769
1,309,378
Basket Programme (Series 16)
77,430,562
24,338,106
Man Custom Hedging (Cayman) Limited (Series 27)
116,405,864
-
Two Trees Certificate(Cayman) Fund Limited (Series 19)
-
3,103,803
RAM (Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA Limited (Series 20)
9,560,666
10,384,475
Basket Programme (Series 23)
86,544,619
78,558,598
Basket Programme (Series 24)
716,732,242
611,214,186
Bayforest (Cayman) Fund Limited (Series 25)
6,735,590
10,270,277
AQR Commodity 1 (Cayman) Limited (Series 26)
22,558,407
124,310
Swedish ETP Programme 
43,146,837
49,107,772
German ETP Programme
64,627,955
48,101,693
Repack Programme (Series 2)
1,453,309
1,943,656
1,152,522,820
838,456,254
The Company used the proceeds of each issue of Certificates or notes detailed in note 6 to acquire interest units in a
variety of Investment Programmes. Series 6, 9, 17, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27 and 28 Investment Programmes included
Ireland and Cayman Islands Limited Liability Companies and the units are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. The
Investment Programmes provide exposure to leveraged derivative instruments and are held for capital appreciation.
Repack programme (series 2) provides limited recourse to AT&T in 4.35% Bond 2029 and MS BV Warrant.
These certificates are listed on the Gibraltar Stock Exchange.
The German ETP Programme provides exposure to 38 index and share linked securities which are listed on the
unregulated trading segment of the Baden Wurrtenburg Stock Exchange and the Official List of EuroNext Dublin.
The Swedish ETP Programme provides exposure to 73 unsecured exchange traded products including index linked debt
and warrant instruments which are simultaneously listed on the warrant and certificate exchange segment for the Nasdaq
First North Sweden and traded on its regulated market.
The proceeds from both these programmes are invested into a stock basket selected from a preprescribed stock universe.
5 Share Capital
31 December
31 December
2022
2021
US$
US$
Authorised
10,000 ordinary shares of £1 each
10,000
10,000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
2 ordinary shares of £1 each
3
3
On incorporation 2 ordinary shares were issued and fully paid at £1 each, at a foreign exchange rate of GBP 1.0000:US$
1.35. The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income.
17

--- Page 292 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
6 Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
At 31 December 2022 the Company had 12 certificate and note programmes in operation.  Series 6, 9, 16, 17, 19, 20, 23,
24, 25, 26, 27 and 28 are issued under a secured and unsecured Certificates Programme dated 29 June 2012 (previously
US$50,000,000,000 programme).  Swedish ETP programme certificates are issued under a programme for the Issuance
of Exchange Traded Products dated 16 August 2018. German ETP programme certificates are issued under a programme
for the Issuance of Exchange Traded Products dated 29 April 2021.  Repack (Series 1) Programme Certificates are issued
under a US$30,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note Programme dated 17 October 2019. Repack (Series 2)
Programme Notes are issued under a US$30,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note Programme dated 1 July 2021.
All series currently in issue are unsecured and asset backed. At the year end the Company had 12 Series of Certificates in
issue under the Programmes, details of the 12 series of Certificates in issue are as follows:
     
Number of
Certificates in
Issue
Number of
Subscribed
Certificates
Number of
Unsubscribed
Certificates
31 December
31 December
31 December
2022
2022
2022
Series
Series 6 Certificates
500,000,000
2,503,864
497,496,136
Series 16 Certificates
3,250
660
2,590
Series 20 Certificates
500,000,000
5,242,168
494,757,832
Series 23 Certificates
3,000
860
2,140
Series 24 Certificates
7,500
6,717
783
Series 25 Certificates
1,000,000,000
5,039,511
994,960,489
Swedish ETP Programme
92,000,000
3,068,464
88,931,536
Series 26 Certificates
2,000,000,000
16,453,882
1,983,546,118
German ETP Programme
163,927,887
5,895,261
158,032,626
Series 27 Certificates
10,000,000
1,036,156
8,963,844
Series 28 Certificates
4,000
-
4,000
Repack Programme (Series 2)
10
-
10
4,265,945,647
39,247,543
4,226,698,104
      
Fair Value of
Certificates
Fair Value of
Certificates
31 December
2022
31 December
2021
US$
US$
Series
Series 6 Certificates
7,326,769
1,309,378
Series 16 Certificate
77,430,562
24,338,106
Series 19 Certificates
-
3,103,803
Series 20 Certificates
9,560,666
10,384,475
Series 23 Certificates
86,544,619
78,558,598
Series 24 Certificates
716,732,242
611,214,186
Series 25 Certificates
6,735,590
10,270,277
Series 26 Certificates
22,558,407
124,310
Series 27 Certificates
116,405,864
-
German ETP Programme
64,627,955
48,101,693
Swedish ETP Programme
43,146,837
49,107,772
Repack Programme (Series 2)
1,453,309
1,943,656
1,152,522,820
838,456,254
18

--- Page 293 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
6 Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (continued)
      Summary as at 31 December 2021
Number of
Certificates in
Issue
Number of
Subscribed
Certificates
Number of
Unsubscribed
Certificates
31 December
2021
31 December
2021
31 December
2021
US$
US$
US$
Series
Series 6 Certificates
500,000,000
2,656,196
497,343,804
Series 9 Certificates
1,000,000,000
-
1,000,000,000
Series 16 Certificates
3,250
200
3,050
Series 17 Certificates
500,000,000
-
500,000,000
Series 19 Certificates
500,000,000
2,991,661
497,008,339
Series 20 Certificates
500,000,000
5,969,118
494,030,882
Series 23 Certificates
3,000
660
2,340
Series 24 Certificates
7,500
4,946
2,554
Series 25 Certificates
1,000,000,000
10,270,280
989,729,720
Series 26 Certificates
2,000,000,000
127,594
1,999,872,406
Swedish ETP Programme
95,121,448
3,906,304
90,361,863
German ETP Programme
93,910,083
2,694,939
91,215,144
Repack Programme (Series 2)
10
10
-
6,189,045,291
28,621,908
6,159,570,102
The Certificates and notes constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed
in note 4. The Certificates and notes are limited recourse to the proceeds of the investments. The Certificate and note
holders shall have no rights or claims against any other assets or future series of the Certificates or notes issued by the
Company. 
The amount of the Company’s obligations in respect of the Certificates or notes are dependent on the performance of the
underlying investment in the interest units of the Investment Programme that each of the Certificates or notes are exposed
to, which will in turn determine the amounts repaid to the Certificate holders. The investment in the Certificates is not
capital protected and therefore any negative performance of interest units in each underlying Investment Programme will
be reflected in the redemption price, which could result in a total loss on redemption of the Certificates or notes. The
Certificates or notes can be redeemed at any time. 
The holders of the Certificates have no shareholders rights and no duty to cover losses.
As per the relevant programme prospectus, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, were appointed as the Calculation
Agent, will determine the termination amount, liquidation repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase price as
the case may be.
Following the issue of the Certificates detailed above US$4,226,698,104 (2021: US$6,159,570,102) remains available for
issue under the Certificate and Notes Programmes.
19

--- Page 294 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
7 Trade Receivables
31 December
31 December
2022
2021
US$
US$
Amounts falling due within the year
Due from sale of investments  (Series 20)
349,999
-
Due from sale of certificates (Series 27)
65,828
-
415,827
-
8 Other Payables
31 December
31 December
2022
2021
US$
US$
Amounts falling due within the year
Due to certificate holders - Quantica
-
44,756
Due in respect of investment purchases
349,999
-
Distributions payable
2,250
-
Due in respect of investment purchases (Series 27)
65,826
-
418,075
44,756
9    Financial Risk Management
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, foreign exchange risk,
fair value interest rate risk,price risk, cash flow risk and interest rate risk), capital management risk, credit risk and liquidity
risk. The financial risks relate to the following financial instruments: financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, cash
and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other payables and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The
accounting policies with respect to these financial instruments are described in note 2. The Company’s risk management
policies employed to manage these risks are discussed below.
(a)
Market risk
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised of the following risks:
(i) Foreign exchange risk
The Company is not exposed to foreign exchange risk on Financial assets at FVTPL as any risk is offset by price changes
in the Financial liabilities at FVTPL. However there is insignificant foreign exchange exposure to the cash of the Company.
(ii) Price risk
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors
specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer. Price risk is increased due to the leveraged nature of the
investments however these are documented in the prospectus and the Certificate holders are aware of the risks.
The Company is exposed to market price risk arising from its Underlying Investments (see note 4 for the fair value of these
investments). Any price risk to the Company is managed due to the limited recourse nature of the underlying Certificates
as disclosed in note 6. Therefore the Directors do not believe the Company is subject to any price risk; though Certificate
holders are exposed to price risk.
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
As the Company has no significant interest-bearing assets, its income and operating cash flows are substantially
independent of changes in market interest rates.
20

--- Page 295 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
9
Financial Risk Management (continued)
The Company is not subject to interest rate risk on any of its liabilities.
(b)
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet a commitment that it has been entered into with the
Company. Credit risk is the potential exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance by the Underlying
Investments, the counterparties to the investments. The Directors consider that the Company is not exposed to any
material net credit risk as the Certificates or Notes issued have limited recourse to the proceeds of the investments and
hence, amounts due to the Certificate or Note holders are limited to the amount received from the Underlying Investments.
The following table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk:
Amount
As at 31 December 2022
US$
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
8,477
Trade receivables
415,827
Financial assets at FVTPL
1,152,522,820
1,152,947,124
Amount
As at 31 December 2021
US$
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
60,641
Financial assets at FVTPL
838,456,254
838,516,895
The Company is subject to the ECL model on its financial assets that are carried at amortised cost. 
(c)
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The potential risk
of not being able to meet its financial liabilities is mitigated by the fact that the investments detailed in note 4 are of highly
liquid and the repayment profile of the Certificates, the Company's main liabilities, have been matched to the liquidity
profile of the investments which are publicly traded.
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2022
US$
US$
US$
US$
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
8,477
-
-
8,477
Trade receivables
-
-
415,827
415,827
Financial assets at FVTPL
-
-
1,152,522,820
1,152,522,820
8,477
-
1,152,938,647
1,152,947,124
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2022
US$
US$
US$
US$
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
-
-
1,152,522,820
1,152,522,820
Other payables
-
-
418,075
418,075
-
-
1,152,940,895
1,152,940,895
21

--- Page 296 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
9
Financial Risk Management (continued)
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2021
US$
US$
US$
US$
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
60,641
-
-
60,641
Financial assets at FVTPL
-
-
838,456,254
838,456,254
60,641
-
838,456,254
838,516,895
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On Demand
Total
As at 31 December 2021
US$
US$
US$
US$
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
-
-
838,456,254
838,456,254
Trade and other payables
-
-
44,756
44,756
-
-
838,501,010
838,501,010
(d) Capital management
When managing capital the Company's objectives are to safeguard the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns for shareholders and the Certificate and Note holders.
The expenses of the Company are funded by a third party and the Company will issue further Certificates or notes in order
to fund further investments. Any capital requirements are known with some certainty and therefore no formal monitoring is
considered necessary. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.
Fair value measurements recognised in the Statement of Financial Position
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements to be categorised by Level. The Levels
are split between three levels:

Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);

Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2); and

Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level
3).
The Company's financial assets and liabilities were classified as follows:
As at 31 December 2022
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Assets
988,482,214
164,040,606
-
Liabilities
988,482,214
164,040,606
-
As at 31 December 2021
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Assets
813,254,010
25,192,244
-
Liabilities
813,254,010
25,192,244
-
22

--- Page 297 ---
alphabeta access products ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
9
Financial Risk Management (continued)
There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year. All assets and liabilities during the year are measured
using fair values falling under Levels 1, 2 and 3. The valuation of the majority of the underlying investments fall under the
Level 1 fair value hierarchy.  The Investments that fall under the Level 2 fair value hierarchy are quoted but they are not
actively traded. The fair values of quoted investments have been derived using observable market data.
10
Related Party Transactions
S Conroy and T Ridgway, Directors of the Company, are senior employees of Crestbridge Limited ("Crestbridge") who
provide ongoing administrative services to the Company at normal commercial rates. During the year £1,066,832
(31
December 2021: £831,767) was paid to Crestbridge in respect of services, of which £310,722 (31 December 2021: £218,565
) was outstanding at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third party they have not been recognised in these
financial statements. 
Crestbridge is the affiliate leader of a group of companies of which includes Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited
(administrator and company secretary to the Company), Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited (Calculation Agent) and
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (share trustee for the Company).
11
Segmental Reporting
The Directors, who together are the Chief Operating Decision Makers, consider that the Company comprises of one
operating segment and that it operates in the country of incorporation. The Company provides the Directors with the
financial information that is on an aggregated level. As such, there is no segmental information to disclose.
12
Immediate Parent and Ultimate Controlling Party
The Immediate Parent of the Company is The Oder Capital Charitable Trust, a trust formed in Jersey for charitable
purposes. The Ultimate Controlling Party of the Company is Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited as Trustee of The
Oder Capital Charitable Trust.
13
Events after the Reporting Period
On 2 February 2023, under the Company's Programme,  the Company issued USD 2,000,000,000 certificates in Series 29
which is linked to the shares of AQR Commodity 2 (Cayman) Limited. 
On 22 February 2023 the Company issued the 19th tranche of Securities pursuant to the German Exchange Traded
Products Programme being 5,000,000 Börse Online Kunstliche  Intelligenz Index Securities and 5,000,000 DER
AKTIONAR Kunstliche Intelligenz Index.
On 23 February 2023 the Company issued the 20th tranche of Securities pursuant to the German Exchange Traded
Products Programme being 5,000,000 Börse Online Luixus Index Securities.
On 17 March 2023, under the Company's Programme,  the Company issued USD 2,000,000,000 certificates in Series 30
which is linked to the shares of AHL Evolution Restricted Limited. 
23

--- Page 298 ---
112 
 
ANNEX III: LIST OF ONGOING OFFERS 
 
ISIN 
 
ISIN 
 
JE00BJ7HNC92 
JE00BLH0LQ29 
JE00BM8DHF86 
JE00BLH0LR36 
JE00BJ7J2L72 
JE00BLH0M695 
JE00BJ7H8351 
JE00BLH0LP12 
JE00BJT1NY17 
JE00BLH0M588 
JE00BJT1P126 
JE00BLH0LS43 
JE00BJ326V81 
JE00BLH0QT05 
JE00BJ326T69 
JE00BLH0QS97 
JE00BJ0L0T44 
JE00BLH0LT59 
JE00BJ0L0Z04 
JE00BLH0QQ73 
JE00BJ0L0S37 
JE00BLH0M927 
JE00BK5XN719 
JE00BLH0QR80 
JE00BLH0M703 
JE00BLH0QV27 
JE00BJ9K7R91 
JE00BMWWLG05 
JE00BJ9K7H93 
JE00BLH0M810 
JE00BJ9K7D55 
JE00BJ7H8468 
JE00BJ9K7G86 
JE00BJT1NK70 
JE00BJT1P456 
JE00BJ0L0Y96 
JE00BJ0L0V65 
JE00BJ326R46 
JE00BL4PPN54 
JE00BJ0L0X89

--- Page 299 ---
113 
 
ISIN 
 
ISIN 
 
JE00BL4PPM48 
JE00BK5XN602 
JE00BJ7H8575 
JE00BK5XN487 
JE00BJ7J2K65 
JE00BJ9K7F79 
JE00BJ7J2J50 
JE00BJT1P563 
JE00BJ326859 
JE00BJ0L0W72 
JE00BJ7HNH48 
JE00BJ7HNG31 
JE00BJ326Q39 
JE00BK9PZG66 
JE00BJ7H8F78 
JE00BM8DH921 
JE00BJ7HNF24 
JE00BM8DHG93 
JE00BJ7HND00 
JE00BM8DHK30 
JE00BK9PZF59 
JE00BM8DHH01 
JE00BK9PZH73 
JE00BM8DHD62 
JE00BL4PPL31 
JE00BM8DHL47 
JE00BJ9K7C49 
JE00BM8DH814 
JE00BKC93J41 
JE00BM8DHJ25 
JE00BKC94N51

--- Page 300 ---
114 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Acquired Asset Swap Leg .......................... 22 
Acquired Assets ................................ 2, 19, 46 
Acquired Assets Custodian..... 11, 56, 60, 71 
Acquired Assets Custody Agreement . 11, 56 
Adjustment Event ........................................ 67 
Adjustment Payment ................................... 60 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ............... 61 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ....... 61 
Agents ...............................................55, 61, 71 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index ............... 61 
Applicable Law ............................................ 53 
Authorised Offeror .............................. 85, 101 
Base Prospectus ..................................... 1, 82 
Benchmark ................................................... 61 
Benchmark Regulation ................................. 4 
Benchmarks Register .................................... 4 
BoNY ............................................................. 11 
Business Day ......................................... 61, 72 
Business Partner ................................... 10, 52 
Calculation Agency Agreement ........... 11, 55 
Calculation Agent ............................55, 61, 72 
Calculation Date .................................... 61, 72 
Call ....................................................27, 59, 70 
Cash Amount ...................... 17, 59, 61, 70, 72 
Central Bank .................................................. 2 
Certificates ............................ 1, 45, 64, 74, 82 
Clearing Systems .................................. 61, 72 
Clearstream Luxembourg ..................... 61, 72 
Commission's Proposal .............................. 97 
Continuously Offered Securities ............... 83 
Cooperation Agreement ........................ 11, 52 
Corporate Administration Agreement11, 41, 
56 
Corporate Administrator ................... 8, 41, 56 
Corrected Value ........................................... 76 
Custodian Securities ................................... 47 
D .................................................................... 71 
DCFt,t-1 ..................................................... 60, 71 
Dealer .................................................. 5, 62, 72 
Dealer Agreement ............................11, 62, 72 
Delisting........................................................ 77 
Disrupted Day ........................................ 65, 75 
Dividend Amount ................................... 62, 72 
Dividend Period ..................................... 62, 73 
Double Withholding ..................................... 49 
Dt ................................................................... 60 
Early Closure ......................................... 65, 75 
Early Redemption Amount ................... 24, 50 
Early Termination Amount.................... 24, 54 
Early Valuation Date ........................27, 63, 73 
EC Treaty ................................................ 69, 79 
EEA ...................................................3, 80, 103 
EMU Event .............................................. 69, 78 
Equity Securities ................................... 19, 46 
Equity Securities Universe .................. 20, 46 
ERISA ........................................................... 28 
Euroclear ............................................... 61, 72 
Euroclear Sweden ................................. 61, 72 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ 2 
European Economic and Monetary Union
 ................................................................ 69, 79 
European Economic and Monetary Union 
Event ............................................................ 78 
EUWA ............................................................. 3 
Event of Default ........................................... 49 
Event of Default Order of Priority ........ 25, 51 
Event of Default Realisation Process . 25, 51 
Exchange ............................................... 65, 73 
Exchange Disruption ............................ 65, 75 
Exchange Rate ...................................... 63, 73 
Exchange Rate Price Source ............... 63, 73 
Expenses ............................................... 63, 73 
Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus ......... 83 
Extraordinary Termination Event ........ 23, 52 
Final Ratio .............................................. 60, 71 
Final Reference Price ........................... 60, 71 
Final Terms .............................................. 1, 82 
First Trading Date ................................. 63, 73 
FSMA .............................................................. 3 
FTT................................................................ 97 
General Conditions ............................... 27, 44 
Index ............................................................. 63 
Index Cancellation ...................................... 66 
Index Certificates ........................................ 18 
Index Component ........................................ 63 
Index Disruption .......................................... 67 
Index Modification ...................................... 67 
Index Sponsor ............................................. 63 
Initial Ratio ............................................. 60, 71 
Initial Valuation Date....................... 27, 63, 73 
Insolvency ................................................... 77 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............... 80 
Issue Date .............................................. 63, 73 
Issuer ....................................... 1, 8, 45, 63, 82 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement .. 11, 
56 
Jersey Commission ...................................... 3 
Jersey Registrar ............................................ 3 
Mandatory Termination .............................. 49 
Market Disruption Event ...................... 65, 75 
Market Value .......................................... 19, 47 
Maturity Date ................................... 27, 63, 73 
Member States ...................................... 69, 78 
Merger Date ................................................. 77 
Merger Event ............................................... 77 
MiFID II ............................................. 3, 80, 103 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ....... 4, 102 
MSESE ........................................................... 1

--- Page 301 ---
115 
 
MSIP ................................................................ 1 
National Currency Units ........................ 69, 78 
Nationalisation ............................................. 77 
New Base Prospectus ................................. 83 
Non-exempt Offer ........................................ 98 
Non-Exempt Offer ...................................... 101 
Note Trustee ....................................... 9, 63, 73 
Notice Period ......................................... 59, 70 
Official List ..................................................... 2 
Order of Priority ........................................... 55 
Original Determination ................................ 76 
PAP Liquidation Amount ...................... 26, 47 
Participating Member States ...................... 97 
Potential Share Adjustment Event ............. 76 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................3, 80, 103 
Principal Trust Agreement..............11, 63, 73 
Product Conditions ............................... 27, 44 
Programme ...................................1, 45, 63, 73 
Programme Asset Portion .................... 19, 47 
Programme Assets ............................ 2, 19, 47 
Prospectus Regulation ............ 1, 80, 82, 101 
QDD ............................................................... 24 
QDD Event ................................. 24, 54, 63, 73 
R .............................................................. 60, 71 
Ratio ........................................................ 60, 71 
Realisation Process .............................. 24, 55 
Reference Price ..................................... 64, 74 
Regulated Market ............................... 2, 20, 46 
Regulatory Event ......................................... 53 
Related Exchange ..................... 64, 65, 74, 75 
Relevant Agreements .................................. 11 
Relevant Authority ....................................... 53 
Relevant Implementation Date ................... 98 
Relevant Member State ............................... 98 
Replacement Determination ....................... 76 
RPt-1 ......................................................... 60, 71 
Rt-1 ........................................................... 60, 71 
Scheduled Valuation Date .................... 65, 75 
SchVG ........................................................... 57 
SEB ............................................................... 10 
Securities............................... 1, 45, 64, 74, 82 
SECURITIES ACT ........................................... 6 
Securities Custodian ................ 11, 56, 64, 74 
Securities Custody Agreement ............ 11, 56 
Securities Exchange ................................... 84 
Securityholder ............................. 1, 45, 64, 74 
Securityholder's Exercise .............. 26, 59, 70 
Selection Criteria .................................. 21, 47 
Series ....................................................... 1, 45 
Settlement Currency ............................. 64, 74 
SF ............................................................ 60, 71 
Share ............................................................ 74 
Share Adjustment Event ............................ 77 
Share Certificates ....................................... 18 
Share Issuer ................................................ 74 
Share Trustee .............................................. 40 
Strike Date ............................................. 60, 71 
Subsequent Tranche .................................. 27 
Subsequent Valuation Date ....................... 27 
Subsequent Valuation Date(s) ............. 64, 74 
Substitute .................................................... 57 
Successor Index ......................................... 66 
Supplemental Trust Agreement .... 11, 63, 73 
Swap Agreement ............. 2, 11, 22, 47, 64, 74 
Swap Counterparty ............... 2, 22, 47, 64, 74 
Swedish CSD ......................................... 15, 45 
Swedish CSD Register ............................... 45 
Swedish CSD Rules .............................. 15, 45 
Swedish Paying Agent ................... 56, 64, 74 
Table of Terms ...................................... 64, 74 
Tender Offer ................................................ 78 
Tender Offer Date ........................................ 78 
Terms and Conditions ................ 1, 27, 44, 82 
Trading Day ........................................... 64, 74 
Trading Disruption ................................ 65, 75 
Tranche .................................................... 1, 45 
Transaction Documents ............................... 9 
U.K. Distributor ............................................. 4 
U.K. MiFIR Product Governance ................. 4 
U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules....... 4 
U.K. PRIIPs Regulation ................................. 4 
U.S. Persons ................................................ 98 
U.S. PERSONS .............................................. 6 
UK ................................................................... 3 
Underlying ..................................................... 2 
Underlying Currency ............................ 64, 74 
Underlying Swap Leg ................................. 22 
United States ............................................... 98 
Valuation Date ................................. 27, 64, 74 
Valuation Time ...................................... 64, 74

--- Page 302 ---
116 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey, JE1 0BD 
 
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATOR 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited 
47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey, JE1 0BD 
 
NOTE TRUSTEE 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey, JE1 0BD 
 
SWAP COUNTERPARTY AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
SWEDISH PAYING AGENT 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdgatan 8 
SE-106 40, Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
SECURITIES CUSTODIAN AND ACQUIRED ASSETS CUSTODIAN 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street,  
London EC4V 4LA 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER AND THE PROGRAMME 
As to German law:  
White & Case LLP  
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 303 ---
117 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Grant Thornton LLP  
Kensington Chambers 
46/50 Kensington Place 
St. Helier 
Jersey 
JE1 1ET 
 
JERSEY LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER AND THE PROGRAMME 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD 
Channel Islands