--- Page 1 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
1 
 
Final Version 
BASE PROSPECTUS dated 1 March 2022 
 
MEMEL CAPITAL PCC 
(a protected cell company incorporated with limited liability in Jersey)  
and 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
(a company incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
 
USD 50,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured 
Note programmes 
This Base Prospectus describes the USD 50,000,000,000 secured and unsecured note programme 
(the "Programme") of (i) Memel Capital PCC ("Memel"), acting in respect of its protected cells 
from time to time and (ii) Alphabeta Access Products Ltd (previously named Oder Capital 
Limited) (“Alphabeta”). 
Under the Programme, each of Memel acting in respect of its protected cells from time to time 
and Alphabeta, as specified in the relevant Issuance Document (as defined below) (each of Memel 
acting in respect of its protected cells from time to time and Alphabeta, an "Issuer" and together 
the “Issuers”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue secured notes ("Secured Notes") and unsecured notes (the "Unsecured Notes" 
and, together with the Secured Notes, the "Notes") on the terms set out herein, as further detailed 
in the applicable final terms (“Final Terms”) or pricing supplement (“Pricing Supplement” and, 
together with the Final Terms, the "Issuance Documents and each of them an “Issuance 
Document”). This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the applicable Issuance 
Documents prepared in connection therewith, which will include details of the relevant Issuer in 
respect of the relevant Series of Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
under the Programme will not at any time exceed USD 50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies). 
References in this Base Prospectus to (i) the “Issuer” shall, unless otherwise specified, be 
construed as references to each of the Issuers separately; (ii) the “Notes” or a “Series of Notes” 
are respectively references to the “Notes” or “Series of Notes” issued by the relevant Issuer and 
(iii) the “Issuer” in respect of any particular Series of Notes are references to the Issuer of such 
particular Series of Notes.  
Each Issuer will be solely responsible for the Notes issued by itself and such Notes and any 
obligations in connection thereto will not be the responsibility of any other Issuer under the 
Programme or any other person. In particular, for the avoidance of doubt, an Issuer shall not be 
responsible for and shall not be subject to any obligations in respect of the Notes issued by any 
other Issuer under the Programme and shall have no rights in connection thereto. 
Noteholders (as defined below) in respect of a particular Series of Notes shall have recourse 
(within the limits provided for under the Programme) only against the relevant Issuer in respect 
of such Series of Notes and shall have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme 
or any other person. 
Each Series of Notes issued by an Issuer (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below) in respect 
of such Series of Notes) shall be segregated from any other Series of Notes issued by the same 
Issuer (and the Series Assets (as defined below) in respect of any other Series of Notes), as 
specified below. In particular, (i) in respect of Notes issued by Alphabeta, segregation between 
various Series of Notes issued by Alphabeta (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below)) shall 
be based on the contractual provisions included in the Transaction Documents in respect of the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
relevant Series of Notes and (ii) in respect of Notes issued by Memel acting on behalf of any of 
its protected cells, segregation between various Series of Notes issued by Memel acting on behalf 
of any of its protected cells (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below)) shall be based on 
statutory provisions applicable under Jersey law in respect of protected cell companies (as 
specified below) and on the contractual provisions included in the Transaction Documents in 
respect of the relevant Series of Notes. 
In particular, in respect of Notes issued by Memel, each Series of Notes is issued by Memel acting 
in respect of its relevant protected cell specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such Notes. 
Each such protected cell is a protected cell of Memel, being a Jersey protected cell company, and 
the Noteholders in respect of a specific Series of Notes issued by Memel will only have recourse 
to the assets from time to time attributable to the protected cell represented by Memel in respect 
of the relevant Series of Notes as specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such Notes. 
Holders of Notes will not have recourse to any assets attributed to any other protected cell of 
Memel other than such protected cell or any assets held by Memel in its own capacity. 
The Issuer at its discretion, in respect of a Series, may either (i) purchase bonds or notes of any 
denomination, type or issuer or other assets as specified in the relevant Issuance Document 
("Underlying Assets") and/or (ii) obtain exposure to the reference assets specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document (the "Reference Assets") by either entering into a swap or other derivative (a 
"Swap") with Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, any of its affiliates or any other financial 
institution (the "Swap Counterparty") which references the Reference Assets or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document. Notes issued on the basis of Final Terms or a Pricing 
Supplement that are to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated 
Market (as defined below) or GEM (as defined below), as applicable, will not be linked to 
Reference Assets (unless such Notes are issued pursuant to a Series Prospectus (as defined 
below)).  
Notes will be issued in Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme") and each Series will 
either consist of Secured Notes and Secured Series Custodian Notes only (each, a "Secured 
Series") or Unsecured Notes and Unsecured Series Custodian Notes only (each, an "Unsecured 
Series" 
and, 
together 
with 
the 
Secured 
Series, 
the 
"Series"). 
 
Each                                     
Secured Series (other than the Secured Series Custodian Notes) will be secured by a charge on 
and/or assignment of and/or other security over or in respect of (i) Underlying Assets owned by 
or held on behalf of the Issuer and (ii) any sums held in a cash account (if any) for such Series 
and (iii) all proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying Assets and all sums 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation to such Secured Series; and (iv) the Issuer’s right, 
title and interest under any agreement under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps and/or 
by which the Issuer purchases the Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Secured Series, the 
Agency Agreement (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Custody Agreement 
(if applicable) (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), any other Related Agreement 
or Transaction Document (each as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to which 
the Issuer is party and such additional property as may be described in the relevant Issuance 
Document (together, the "Mortgaged Property"). The Secured Series Custodian Notes of a 
Secured Series will not be secured by or have recourse to the Mortgaged Property for that Series 
or any other asset. 
Each Unsecured Series will not be secured and the Unsecured Notes (other than the Unsecured 
Series Custodian Notes) will rely for their payment on, inter alia, (i) Underlying Assets owned 
by or held on behalf of the Issuer, (ii) any sums held in a cash account (if any) for such Series, 
(iii) all proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying Assets and all sums 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation such Unsecured Series; and (iv) the Issuer’s right, 
title and interest under any agreement under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps and/or 
by which the Issuer purchases the Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Unsecured Series,

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement (if applicable) and any other Related Agreement 
or Transaction Document to which the Issuer is party as may be described in the relevant Issuance 
Document (together, the "Unsecured Series Property" and, together with the Mortgaged 
Property, the "Series Assets"). The Unsecured Series Custodian Notes of an Unsecured Series 
will not have recourse to the Unsecured Series Property for that Series or any other asset. All 
present and future creditors of specific Series Assets of a Series (including service providers for 
such particular Series) will have their recourse limited to the Series Assets of such Series. The 
Unsecured Series Property of an Unsecured Series will not be ring fenced against the claims of 
other creditors by virtue of having the benefit of any security. There can be no guarantee that 
unspecified third parties will not make any claims against the Unsecured Series Property, and that 
any Unsecured Series Property will be available to meet the claims of the holders of Unsecured 
Notes (the "Unsecured Noteholders") at any time. 
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") of a particular Series will 
be limited to the Series Assets applicable to that Series. If the net proceeds of the enforcement or 
liquidation of the Series Assets for any Series are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments 
due in respect of the Notes of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will not be available for 
payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne by Noteholders of 
each Series as specified in the relevant Issuance Document. The Issuer will not be obliged to make 
any further payment in excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect of any such shortfall remaining after either (i) in the case of Secured Notes 
realisation of the Mortgaged Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust 
Deed or (ii) in respect of Unsecured Notes, liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property and 
application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed.  None of the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee (if applicable) or any Noteholder may take any further action to recover such 
shortfall.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application will be made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") for certain Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the 
"Euronext Official List") and admitted to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated 
Market”). The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the 
consent of the Issuers for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will not apply after the date falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic 
form on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
Application may also be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme for 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on its Global Exchange Market (“GEM”). This document constitutes “Base Listing 
Particulars” for the purpose of such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin. The 
GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the GEM. 
Additionally, application will be made to the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (the 
"GSX") for Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to its MTF market (the "Global Market"). References in this Base 
Prospectus to Notes being "listed" on the GSX (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to the Global Market. The Global Market is not a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme and the Programme provides 
that Notes may be listed on such other stock exchange(s) outside the EU or markets as may be 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document. The relevant Issuance Document in respect of the 
issue of any Notes, will specify whether or not application has been made for such Notes to be (i) 
listed on the Euronext Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or admitted 
to trading on GEM, (ii) admitted to the Global Market or (iii) listed on or admitted to trading on 
any other stock exchange or if the relevant Notes will be unlisted. 
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or any 
other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II may only be issued (i) by way of Final Terms 
under this Base Prospectus or (ii) pursuant to a series prospectus relating to the Notes that 
incorporates by reference to whole or any part of this Base Prospectus (the “Series Prospectus”).  
Notes may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus where (i) a public 
offering of the Notes is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination shall be €125,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (iii) the Underlying 
Assets constitute Specified Underlying Assets (as defined herein) and (iv) the Swap Counterparty 
is a Specified Swap Counterparty. Where (i) a public offering or distribution of the Notes is 
intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination of the Notes is less than €125,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) or (iii) the Underlying 
Collateral of the Notes is not Specified Underlying Assets or (iv) the Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the Notes is not a Specified Swap Counterparty, then a Series Prospectus will be required for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way 
of a Pricing Supplement under these Base Listing Particulars. For this purpose, references in these 
Base Listing Particulars to “Base Prospectus”, “Pricing Supplement” and “Series Prospectus(es)” 
shall be deemed to be references to “Base Listing Particulars”, “Pricing Supplement” and “Listing 
Particulars Supplement(s)” respectively.  
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on GEM may only be issued by 
way of Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement, as applicable, where (i) a public offering of the 
Notes is not intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination shall be €125,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (iii) the Underlying 
Assets constitute Specified Underlying Assets (as defined herein) and (iv) the Swap Counterparty 
is a Specified Swap Counterparty. Where (i) a public offering or distribution of the Notes is 
intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination of the Notes is less than €125,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) or (iii) the Underlying

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Collateral of the Notes is not Specified Underlying Assets or (iv) the Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the Notes is not a Specified Swap Counterparty, then a Series Prospectus will be required for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or equivalent market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of 
MiFID II.  
This Base Prospectus comprises a Listing Particulars for the purposes of listing on the Global 
Market of the GSX and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the 
Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
Payments in respect of the Notes comprising each Series will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes unless required by law. The Issuer will not be obliged to 
gross up payments in respect of the Notes and any imposition of withholding taxes on payments 
in respect thereof may lead to redemption of Notes.  See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Exchange". 
The Notes of a Series will be held through a clearing system and represented by a Global Note, 
the Global Note will be held by a common depositary appointed by Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
The Notes will be obligations solely of the relevant Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be 
the responsibility of any other Issuer or entity, including in the case of Notes issued by Memel, 
Memel or any of Memel's other protected cells. 
The Issuer accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus as at 
the date hereof is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. No person has been authorised to give any information or to make 
any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Issuance 
Document in connection with the issue or sale of a Series of Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
the Dealer (each as defined in "Overview of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. The Issuer has not registered and will not register under the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). Consequently, the Notes 
may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")), except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom or in 
a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and under 
circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register under the Investment

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Company Act.  The Notes may only be offered for sale outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S and in compliance with applicable 
laws, regulations and directives.  In addition, the Notes may not be transferred or held by any 
person that is a “United States Person” within the meaning of section 7701(a)(3) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. See "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issuance Document in respect of any 
Notes issued by an Issuer includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Issuance Document in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issuance Document in respect of any 
Notes issued by an Issuer includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance/target market – The Issuance Document in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
Each of the Dealers agrees that a determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”) and/or the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”), as applicable, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but that, otherwise, neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules and/or 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, respectively. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and the Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Issuer, the security arrangements and the Notes as they consider appropriate to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Notes. The Dealer does not make any representation, 
recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, 
reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further information, 
notice or other document which may at any time be supplied in connection with the Notes and 
none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. The Dealer does not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of the Dealer. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that this document contains all 
information with respect to the Issuer and the Notes that is material in the context of the issue and 
offering of the Notes, the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer are in every material 
particular true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus with regard to the Issuer are honestly held, have been reached after considering all 
relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, there are no other facts in 
relation to the Issuer or the Notes the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and 
offering of the Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material 
respect and all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to 
verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk 
Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the security 
arrangements (if any), the Notes, the Issuer (applicable to their Series) and the Shares (applicable 
to their Series) as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should have sufficient knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, 
to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus (each a "Supplement") and the applicable Issuance Document (if any) and the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes in the context of their financial position and circumstances. 
The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Dealer. The risk 
factors identified in this Base Prospectus and are provided as general information only and the 
Dealer disclaims any responsibility to advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and investment 
considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time 
to time alter. 
A copy of this document has not been delivered to the registrar of companies in Jersey (the 
"Jersey Registrar"), as it is not necessary, in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies 
(General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended, to obtain the consent of the Jersey 
Registrar prior to its circulation as this document does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 1 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended.  The Jersey Financial Services 
Commission (the "Commission") has given, and has not withdrawn, or will have given prior to 
the issue of the Notes and not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing 
(Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Notes.  The Commission is protected by the Control of 
Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the discharge of its 
functions under that law.  It must be distinctly understood that, in giving these consents, neither 
the Jersey Registrar nor the Commission takes any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the Issuers or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, 
bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser.  It should be remembered that the 
price of securities and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
The directors of the Issuers have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in this 
document are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts the 
omission of which would make misleading any statement in the document, whether of facts or of 
opinion. All the directors accept responsibility accordingly. The investments described in this 
document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the purpose of the Collective 
Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they are investment 
products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge of, and 
experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks 
involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as 
to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such 
investments. These investments are not regarded by the Commission as suitable investments 
for any other type of investor. 
Neither the investments described in this document nor the activities of any functionary 
with regard to such investments are subject to all the provisions of the Financial Services 
(Jersey) Law 1998. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should 
consult his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the 
risks associated with making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to 
sustain any loss that may arise from it.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references 
to "US$" and "US dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "Euro" and "€" are to the 
lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted a single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty 
of European Union and references to "GBP" and "£" are references to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, AND 
NONE OF THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED 
STATES HAS PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE NOTES OUTSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, FOR 
THE LISTING OF THE NOTES ON IRISH STOCK EXCHANGE’S (EURONEXT DUBLIN) 
EURONEXT OFFICIAL LIST AND TRADING ON THE REGULATED MARKET OR GEM 
OR FOR THE LISTING OF THE NOTES ON THE GLOBAL MARKET (MTF) OF THE 
GIBRALTAR STOCK EXCHANGE. IN ADDITION, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED OR HELD BY ANY PERSON THAT IS A “UNITED STATES PERSON” 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986.  FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER 
RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE TES AND DISTRIBUTION OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS". 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain matters contained within this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. All 
statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, 
without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s financial position, business strategy, plans and 
objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may 
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from 
any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the 
Issuer’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will 
operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuers expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any 
updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which such statement is based, save as otherwise required to comply with the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme are complex instruments that involve substantial risks 
and are suitable only for sophisticated investors who have sufficient knowledge and 
experience and access to such professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order 
to make their own evaluation of the risks and the merits of such an investment (including 
without limitation the tax, accounting, credit, legal, regulatory and financial implications for 
them of such an investment) and who have considered the suitability of such Notes in light of 
their own circumstances and financial condition. Prospective investors should ensure that they 
understand the nature of the risks posed by an investment in the Notes, and the extent of their 
exposure as a result of such investment in the Notes and, before making their investment 
decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, 
any applicable Supplements and the applicable Issuance Document and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below. Owing to the structured nature of the Notes, their price may 
be more volatile than that of unstructured securities. 
Investors 
Each prospective investor in Notes should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including where principal may 
reduce or be lost in its entirety as a result of the occurrence of different events whether related 
to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, prices or 
indices, or where the currency for principal payments is different from the prospective 
investor’s currency. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult 
its professional advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal 
investments for it, and/or (ii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or, if relevant, pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series 
Transaction Parties in respect of any Series or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above.  
Market Risk 
The redemption amounts payable under the Notes of a Series are determined by reference to 
the amount of redemption proceeds which would be received in respect of the Reference 
Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) the market price of the Notes may be volatile; 
(b) payment of principal may occur at a different time than expected; 
(c) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(d) the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or 
indices;

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(e) the timing of changes in the value of the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, 
as applicable, may affect the actual yield to investors. 
No fiduciary or advisory role 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other parties to the Relevant Agreements (the 
"Series Transaction Parties") or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment 
adviser, and none of them (other than the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee to the extent 
set out in the Principal Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of 
Notes or any other party, including the Issuer. In respect of each Series the Note Trustee holds 
the benefit of the Issuer's covenant to pay on trust for the Noteholders of such Series pursuant 
to the Trust Deed and has certain fiduciary duties towards the Noteholders such as its duty to 
act in good faith and not to make an unauthorised profit. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties assumes any 
responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor 
of any Underlying Assets or the terms of any Underlying Assets. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other 
Series Transaction Parties in respect of any investment in the Notes. 
Therefore, to the extent potential investors are not, on the basis of their knowledge, experience 
and sophistication, able to make an autonomous decision in respect of an investment in the 
Notes, they should obtain independent professional advice in order to make their own 
evaluation of the risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the 
tax, accounting, credit, legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an 
investment). 
No representations 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties in respect of any 
Series makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any Underlying 
Assets, or any issuer or obligor of any Underlying Assets, as applicable, or in respect of any 
information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of any 
such issuer or obligor or in respect of such Underlying Assets, with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty in respect of the Underlying Assets. 
Notes are obligations of an Issuer only 
The Notes issued by an Issuer will be obligations solely of such Issuer and will not be the 
responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any other Issuer under the Programme or any of Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc, its affiliates or any other party named in this Base Prospectus 
and no person other than such Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any 
failure by such Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. 
In particular, each Issuer is a separate legal entity and the fact that the Issuers may from time 
to time issue Notes under the same Programme cannot be construed as an acceptance by the 
an Issuer of any responsibility in respect of Notes issued by the other Issuer.  
Noteholders in respect of a particular Series of Notes shall have recourse (within the limits 
provided for under the Programme) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
of Notes and shall have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme or any 
other person. 
Change of law 
The Conditions, the issue of the Notes and the ratings which may be assigned (if applicable) 
to the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the Notes. The Issuer, 
where referring to Alphabeta only, is incorporated under the laws of Jersey and the Issuer, 
where referring to Memel acting in respect of its protected calls only, is recognised under the 
laws of Jersey. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English law or Jersey law or any relevant administrative practice after the date 
of issue of the Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
11 
RISK FACTORS 
15 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
67 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
136 
MEMEL CAPITAL PCC AND ITS PROTECTED CELLS 
138 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
141 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
144 
UNDERLYING ASSETS - DESCRIPTION 
150 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
151 
TAXATION 
152 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
158 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
166 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
168 
FORM OF APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
182 
INDEX 
199

--- Page 15 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Each Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and none of the Issuers is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any 
contingency highlighted by a risk factor occurring. 
Factors which the Issuers believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued by the relevant Issuer under the Programme, but the inability of such 
Issuer to pay principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and each Issuer represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any 
Notes are not exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and in the applicable Issuance Documents in respect of the relevant Series of Notes and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Unless otherwise specified, the below risk factors apply in respect of each Issuer (and accordingly 
references to “the Issuer” shall be deemed to be references to each of such Issuers separately) 
and/or each Series of Notes issued by each of such Issuers, as applicable. 
(1) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Limited assets available to the Issuer  
The Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes for the purposes of purchasing 
assets and entering into related contracts and the Swaps. Therefore, as summarised below, the 
Issuer will have limited assets available to meet its obligations. 
The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not to, as long as any Note remains outstanding, 
without the consent of the Note Trustee engage in any activity or business except as provided or 
contemplated by the Notes, the Custodian Notes, the Relevant Agreements and the Alternative 
Programme Agreements and to perform any acts incidental to or necessary in connection 
therewith, or any act required by law, regulation or order of any court to be performed. In addition, 
the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions (as set out in Condition 7 (Issuer 
restrictions)) including, but not limited to, that it will not, without the consent of the Note Trustee 
declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series 
under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make any other distribution to the holders of any 
of its shares or have formed or cause to be formed by subsidiaries or have any employees 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with or into 
any other person, or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially in their entirety to any 
other person, or use, invest, sell, transfer, exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or dispose 
of, or otherwise deal with any of its property or any interests therein or create or permit to edict 
upon or effect any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance whether fixed or floating 
or otherwise upon the whole or any part of its property or assets (other than as contemplated by 
the Conditions and/or the Trust Deeds), issue any further shares or issue any warrants or options 
in respect of shares or securities convertible units or exchangeable for shares.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share capital, 
such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Notes from time to time, any 
Series Assets, any other assets on which Secured Notes are secured and any other assets 
contemplated by the Alternative Programme Agreements. 
This means that investors in the Notes will have a limited recourse only in respect of such assets, 
as further described under paragraph “Risks relating to the Notes - Limited recourse obligations” 
below. 
Once such assets are extinguished, Noteholders will have no further claims against the Issuer. 
In respect of Notes issued by Memel acting on behalf of any of its protected cells from time to 
time, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Memel – Protected Cell Company Structure” 
below. 
Memel - Protected Cell Company Structure 
Memel has been constituted as a protected cell company under Jersey law. Each Series of Notes 
issued by Memel (as specified in the relevant Issuance Document) is a Series of Notes issued by 
a protected cell of Memel. A protected cell company is a multi-cellular company whose principal 
feature is that each protected cell has its own distinct assets which are not available to creditors 
of other protected cells of that company or the company as a whole. The relevant provisions of 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 have not yet been tested in the courts of Jersey, the United 
Kingdom or elsewhere and jurisdictions other than Jersey may not be prepared to accept that 
creditors of a particular Issuer are prevented from gaining access to the assets attributed to other 
Issuers, or that creditors of Memel (in its own capacity) do not have access to those assets 
specifically designated as cellular assets. In order to minimise this risk: (i) service providers to 
Memel will generally be required to agree that their fees will be paid solely from the assets of 
Memel in its own capacity; and (ii) the Conditions of each Series of Notes will provide that any 
liability to a holder will be satisfied only out of the assets of the Issuer (being a specified protected 
cell). However, a court could determine that such agreements are not enforceable.   
If the courts in Jersey, the United Kingdom or elsewhere were not to recognise and give effect to 
the segregation of Memel's and each of its protected cells' assets and the agreements with service 
providers and investors referred to above, and the cellular assets of any protected cell were held 
to be available to meet the liabilities of Memel or any other protected cell, this could have a 
material and adverse effect on that protected cell's financial condition and prospects and the value 
of any relevant Series of Notes. 
This means that if the segregation of assets of Memel or each of its protected cells were not to be 
recognised, investors in the Notes issued by Memel acting on behalf of a particular protected cell 
may have a reduced ability to recover all or part of their initial investment in the Notes as their 
claim will be in competition with the claims of any other creditor of Memel and any other creditor 
of Memel acting on behalf of each of its other protected cells from time to time. 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
Other than consent to the issuance of the Notes given by the Commission and approval of this 
Base Prospectus by the Central Bank as the competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, and unless otherwise specified for a Series of Notes, an Issuer is not required to be 
licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or 
banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation or recognition, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
There is no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would not take a 
contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to an Issuer.  
There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require 
the Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking 
laws or regulations of those jurisdictions.  
Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the Issuer and on 
the holders of the Notes as it may require the Issuer to bear certain costs to comply with such 
licensing or authorisation requirements that may ultimately reduce the amounts available to the 
Issuer to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
No statutory protection in respect of any investment in the Notes  
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not subject to the 
deposit protection scheme operated by Central Bank or any other authority. 
This means that an investment in the Notes does not benefit from any form of statutory protection 
whatsoever. 
Registration of the Issuer under the Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment 
company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. If the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is required but, in 
violation of the Investment Company Act, had failed to register as an investment company, 
possible consequences include, but are not limited to the following: (i) the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the 
Issuer could sue the Issuer and recover any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract 
to which the Issuer is party that is made in, or whose performance involves a, violation of the 
Investment Company Act would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were 
to find that under the circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-
enforcement and would not be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act.  
Should the Issuer be subjected to any or all of the foregoing, the Issuer would be materially and 
adversely affected and, as a consequence, investors in the Notes may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Anti-money laundering 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation. If the Issuer were determined by 
the relevant authorities to be in violation of any such legislation, it could become subject to 
substantial criminal penalties.  
Any such violation could materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments 
made by the Issuer to Noteholder in respect of the Issuer’s Notes. 
(2) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Limited recourse obligations 
In respect of a Secured Series, the Secured Notes (other than the Secured Series Custodian Notes) 
are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the Mortgaged 
Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee on behalf of 
the Secured Noteholders and other secured creditors. In respect of an Unsecured Series, the 
Unsecured Notes (other than the Unsecured Series Custodian Notes) are direct, limited recourse 
obligations for the Issuer payable solely out of the Unsecured Series Property. The Issuer will

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of its obligations under 
the Notes. No assurance can be made that the proceeds available for the payment of the amounts 
due to the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Agents (to the extent not paid pursuant to 
the Expenses Agreement) and the proceeds available for and allocated to the repayment of the 
Notes at any particular time will be sufficient to cover all amounts that would otherwise be due 
and payable to the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Agents (to the extent not paid 
pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and under the Notes. If, in the case of Secured Notes, the 
proceeds of the realisation of the Security received by the Security Trustee or, in the case of 
Unsecured Notes, the proceeds of liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property for the benefit of 
the Noteholders prove insufficient to make payments on the Notes, in respect of which payment 
is due, no other assets will be available for payment of the deficiency, and, following distribution 
of the proceeds of such realisation or liquidation, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect 
thereof. 
Further, only the Note Trustee may pursue remedies available under the Trust Deed as it may 
think fit to enforce the rights of the creditors under the Trust Deed and the Conditions and in the 
case of Secured Notes, only the Security Trustee may enforce the Security, and none of the 
Noteholders, any creditor or any Series Transaction Party shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer unless the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee, as applicable, having become 
bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable 
period and such failure is continuing. 
The Unsecured Series Property of an Unsecured Series will not be ring fenced against the 
claims of other creditors by virtue of having the benefit of any security. There can be no 
guarantee that unspecified third parties will not make any claims against any Unsecured Series 
Property and that any Unsecured Series Property will be available to meet the claims of the 
Unsecured Noteholders of the Unsecured Series at any time. 
The Issuer is subject to certain restrictive covenants that limit its permitted activities with a view 
to avoiding the existence of any creditors of the Issuer that have not agreed to limited recourse 
and non-petition provisions. However, there can be no guarantee that there will not be any 
creditors of the Issuer that have not agreed to limited recourse and non-petition or that such 
creditors would not be successful in making and enforcing claims against the Issuer. In particular, 
the Issuer is permitted to enter into agreements where there are other mitigating measures 
including, but not limited to, a form of subscription agreement or such other comparable document 
that does not contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions Any such claim could result in 
the Unsecured Series Property not being sufficient to meet the claims of the Unsecured 
Noteholders. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes and the 
Noteholders, given the limited recourse nature of the Issuer’s obligations, will not be able to 
recover any shortfall arising from their investment in the Notes. 
In the case of a Series of Notes issued by Memel, each Series of Notes is issued by Memel acting 
in respect of the relevant protected cell for such Series as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document. The Issuer in respect of such Notes is therefore such protected cell of Memel, being a 
Jersey protected cell company, and holders of such Notes will only have recourse to the assets 
attributable from time to time to that protected cell represented by the Memel in respect of such 
Series of Notes. Holders of Notes will not have recourse to any assets attributed to any other 
protected cell of Memel other than the Issuer (being Memel acting on behalf of such protected 
cell) in respect of such Series of Notes or any assets held by Memel in its own capacity.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Non-petition 
The Noteholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and 
none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable 
to any other notes issued by the Issuer (save for any further notes which form a single series 
with the Notes). 
This will limit the ability of any investors in the Notes to take any autonomous action to recover 
their investment. 
Market Risk 
The redemption amounts payable under the Notes of a Series are determined by reference to the 
amount of redemption proceeds which would be received in respect of the Reference Assets 
and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable. The Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, 
as applicable, in respect of the Notes of a Series will, among other risks, be subject to credit, 
market, liquidity and interest rate risks. 
Due to potential market volatility, at any time the market value of the Reference Assets and/or the 
Underlying Assets, as applicable, in respect of the Notes of a Series, will vary, and may vary 
substantially, from the price at which such Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, were initially purchased and from the principal amount of such Reference Assets 
and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable.  
The market value of the Reference Assets and/or Underlying Assets, as applicable, will generally 
fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition of the relevant obligor(s), general 
economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or 
trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Accordingly, no 
assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or disposition, or the amount 
received or recovered upon maturity, of the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, of any Notes of a Series, or that the proceeds of any such sale or disposition would be 
sufficient to repay principal of and interest on the Notes of the related Series and amounts payable 
prior thereto.  
The Noteholders should be aware that, given the market risks associated with the Notes of a 
Series, the market price of the Notes may be volatile, the payment of principal (if any) may occur 
at a different time than expected and Noteholders may lose all or substantially all of their principal. 
Additionally, the Reference Assets and/or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may not correlate to changes in interest rates, currencies, indices 
or other movements in the market and the timing of such changes in the market may impact the 
actual yield to Noteholders. 
Priority of Claims 
During the term of the Notes and in the case of Secured Notes on an enforcement of the 
Security, the rights of the Noteholders to be paid amounts due under the Notes will be 
subordinated to (i) payment or satisfaction of, or provision for, the fees, costs, charges, expenses 
and liabilities incurred by the Note Trustee, and in the case of Secured Notes only, the Security 
Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts under the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Notes and in carrying out their functions under the Trust Deed (including any taxes 
required to be paid, (solely in the case of Secured Notes) the cost of realising any Security, and 
the Note Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration) to the extent not paid pursuant 
to the Expenses Agreement, and (ii) payment of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
incurred by the Agents in carrying out their functions under the Agency Agreement to the extent 
not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and (iii) any other claims as specified in the 
Conditions as may be amended by the Trust Deed relating to the relevant Series that rank in 
priority to the Notes including to the Swap Counterparty if applicable. 
Therefore, there is a risk that amounts and assets available to the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes will not, after satisfaction of any claims ranking in priority to the Noteholders, 
be sufficient to pay amounts due to the Noteholders under the Notes.  
This, combined with the limited recourse nature of any investment in the Notes (please see, 
amongst others, the risk factor entitled “Limited recourse obligations” above), means that the 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date upon the occurrence of 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Underlying Assets, upon any of the 
Underlying Assets, being called for redemption or repayment prior to its scheduled Maturity 
Date. In addition, the Issuer, the Noteholders and/or the Note Trustee (depending on the 
relevant event and as specified in the Conditions) may have the right to direct a redemption of 
the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Notes, or the 
occurrence of certain default events relating to the Underlying Assets. The amount payable per 
Note to Noteholders in such circumstances will be, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issuance Document, an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of such Note, subject 
to the payment of all prior ranking amounts as provided in the Conditions. The Issuer will fund 
such payments under a Series of Notes from payment(s) due to it under the Underlying Assets. 
This will expose Noteholders to the market value of the Underlying Assets, as applicable (for 
a consideration of factors that may impact such values see "Risk Factors – Market Value of 
Notes" below). 
If, following the realisation in full of the Mortgaged Property in the case of Secured Notes or 
the Unsecured Series Property in the case of Unsecured Notes relating to the relevant Series of 
Notes (in the case of Secured Notes by way of enforcement of the Security) and application of 
available cash sums as provided in the Conditions, there are any outstanding claims against the 
Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes which remain unpaid, then such outstanding claim will 
be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In such 
circumstances, the investors in the Notes may not receive back their investment and may 
receive zero. 
Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Limited recourse obligations”, “Non petition” and 
“Priority of Claims” above. 
Determinations of Swap termination payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap (if any), an early termination payment based on the losses 
or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a replacement 
transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance with the terms 
of such Swap) will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or (as the case may be) 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap.  Such payment will generally be 
determined by the Swap Counterparty save where it is in default. If the Swap Counterparty is 
in default, the Issuer may, if provided for under the terms of the Swap, need to appoint a 
substitute calculation agent under the Swap for the purposes of making such determination on 
the Issuer’s behalf. The determination of any such losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains 
will be dependent on a number of factors, including, without limitation, (i) the creditworthiness 
and liquidity of the assets underlying the swap payments, (ii) market perception, interest rates,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled termination date of 
the Swap and (iv) if applicable, the value of any collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral 
posted by the Issuer, pursuant to any credit support provided by the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty in connection with the Swap. The determination of a termination payment and 
the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, may significantly impact 
amounts payable to Noteholders. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty disputes the determination of a 
termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders will be delayed until 
such dispute is resolved. Also, depending on the structure of the relevant Notes (and relevant 
payment flows), the outcome of any such dispute may have an impact on the amounts available 
to the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes, which in turn could have an impact on the 
amounts payable to the Noteholders. 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity 
and foreign exchange rate index “benchmarks” 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any securities linked to a “benchmark.” 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain “benchmarks,” trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in the 
manner of administration of a “benchmark” could have materially adverse consequences in 
relation to securities linked to such “benchmark”. 
Furthermore, the Calculation Agent under the Swap Agreement may, acting in its sole 
discretion, amend the terms of any Swap Agreement in relation to Notes linked to a 
“benchmark” in order to reflect market standard protocols published by ISDA in relation to 
benchmark fallbacks from time to time.  
Any such action as described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes and the Noteholders may require independent professional advice to 
understand the impact of any such reform on their investment in the Notes and bear the relevant 
costs of any related advice. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate 
discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an 
early redemption of the Notes” below. 
Discontinuation of LIBOR 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. 
On 5 March 2021, the FCA formally announced the dates of the future cessation or loss of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
representativeness of all 35 LIBOR settings currently published by the ICE Benchmark 
Administration (the “IBA”). The following 26 LIBOR settings will permanently cease: (i) 
immediately after 31 December 2021, all 7 euro LIBOR settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR 
settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12 month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the 
overnight, 1-week, 2 month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-
month US dollar LIBOR settings; and (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023: the overnight and 
12-month US dollar LIBOR settings. The FCA will also consult on requiring the IBA to 
continue publishing the following 9 LIBOR settings, in each case on a non-representative, 
synthetic basis: (i) 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR and a 1-month and 6-month 
Japanese yen LIBOR for a further period after the end of 2021; and (ii) 1-month, 3-month and 
6-month US dollar LIBOR for a further period after the end of June 2023. The proposed 
synthetic LIBOR is intended to assist “tough legacy” contracts only (subject to the FCA’s 
proposed powers to permit the use) and UK regulated firms will be prohibited from using this 
in new regulated financial instruments. The FCA clearly states that all LIBOR settings will 
remain representative while they remain published on existing methodology, but that the 
“synthetic” LIBOR settings would be unrepresentative of the underlying market.  
Accordingly, to the extent prospective investors in the Notes will invest in instruments 
referencing LIBOR, such investors should consider (if necessary, through independent 
professional advice) the impact that the above announcement will have on such Notes. 
In particular, such announcement could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes and the Noteholders may require independent professional advice to 
understand the impact of such announcement on their investment in the Notes and bear the 
relevant costs of any related advice.   
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate 
discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an 
early redemption of the Notes” below. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may 
lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an early redemption of the Notes 
Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar 
LIBOR and (ii) the provisions of Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance 
or Prohibition on Use) are applicable 
In order to address the risk of a possible discontinuance of LIBOR (referred to above) and other 
reference rates the Conditions include certain fallback provisions. These provisions apply to 
“Relevant Rates Benchmarks” (which will include LIBOR, EURIBOR and other similar 
interbank rates). The fallback provisions will be triggered if the Calculation Agent determines 
that (i) the administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in 
connection with such Relevant Rates Benchmark announces that the administrator has ceased 
or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, (ii) 
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR), a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer 
representative, or (iii) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issuance Document, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to such Relevant Rates Benchmark. 
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Calculation Agent may replace the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark with any “Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate” which has 
been specified in the applicable Issuance Document or if no Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Issuance Document, with an alternative rate that

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
is consistent with accepted market. If an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate is used then the Calculation Agent may also make other adjustments to the 
Notes, including to the new rate and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market 
practice for the use of such rate with debt obligations such as the Note. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable to identify an alternative rate and determine the necessary adjustments to the terms of 
the Notes then the Issuer may redeem the Notes. The replacement of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark by an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate and the 
making of other adjustments to the Notes and other determinations, decisions or elections that 
may be made under the terms of the Notes in connection with the replacement of a Relevant 
Rates Benchmark could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the 
price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. Any early redemption of the Notes will result 
in the Noteholder losing any future return on the Notes and may result in the Noteholder 
incurring a loss on its investment in the Notes. 
Any determination or decision of the Calculation Agent described above will be made in the 
Calculation Agent’s discretion (in some cases after consultation with the Issuer). 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark (other than U.S 
dollar LIBOR or SOFR) should be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate will not be the same as those 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate or other alternative rate will not be the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no assurance that the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate or other alternative rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the Alternative 
Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate will be a comparable substitute for the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each of which means that the replacement of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark by the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the 
price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate to gain market acceptance could adversely 
affect the Notes, (iii) the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate 
may have a very limited history and the future performance of the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate or other alternative rate cannot be predicted based on historical performance, 
(iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate or other alternative rate may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate may make changes that could change the 
value of the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate or discontinue 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other alternative rate and has no obligation to 
consider the Noteholder’s interests in doing so. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR: 
If U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR is discontinued, any Floating Rate Notes referencing U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely 
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can 
sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable 
substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR. 
If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of LIBOR (with the applicable period 
of maturity in the case of Screen Rate Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in 
the case of ISDA Determination) and cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date, then the interest rate on the Notes will no longer be determined 
by reference to LIBOR, but instead will be determined by reference to a different base rate,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
which will be a different benchmark than LIBOR, plus a spread adjustment, which is referred 
to as a “Benchmark Replacement,” as further described in the relevant terms and conditions. In 
such a case, in the first instance, the interest rate on the Notes will be determined based on 
Term SOFR, which is a forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that is currently being 
considered for development by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the “ARRC”), 
which is a group of private-market participants convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York to help ensure a successful transition from U.S. dollar 
LIBOR to SOFR. There can be no assurance that the development of a Term SOFR will be 
completed and selected or recommended by the ARRC. 
If a particular Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be 
determined, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, 
recommended or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the ARRC), (ii) 
ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Issuer or its designee. In addition, the terms of the 
Notes expressly authorize the Issuer or its designee to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes with respect to, among other things, changes to the definition of “interest 
period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other 
administrative matters. The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the 
interest rate on the Notes by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application 
of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made 
under the terms of the Notes in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely 
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can 
sell such Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the Issuer’s or its 
designee’s sole discretion. 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference either U.S dollar LIBOR or SOFR should be 
aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be 
the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), the Benchmark 
Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case 
may be), there can be no assurance that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same 
way as U.S dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), would have at any time and there is 
no guarantee that the Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR  (each of which means that a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely 
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can 
sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance 
could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited 
history and the future performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based 
on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the Benchmark 
Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Benchmark Replacement may 
make changes that could change the value of the Benchmark Replacement or discontinue the 
Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to consider the Noteholder’s interests in doing 
so.  
For example, in the case of Notes that initially reference U.S. dollar LIBOR if the Benchmark 
Replacement is a Term SOFR or Compounded SOFR, as adjusted as described herein, the 
composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR and 
the Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will not be the economic equivalent of LIBOR. In 
June 2017, the ARRC announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally different from U.S. dollar LIBOR for two

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate. 
Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while U.S. dollar LIBOR represents interbank funding over 
different maturities. As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR (including a Term SOFR 
or Compounded SOFR) will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR would have at any 
time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the 
market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial 
or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018, daily changes 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark 
or other market rates. Furthermore, a Benchmark Replacement of Term SOFR (if developed 
and selected or recommended by the ARRC) or Compounded SOFR, even with the application 
of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any implementation of Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, will not have the same composition and characteristics as those of U.S. 
dollar LIBOR and there is no guarantee that such Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will 
be suitable as a substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR.  
See also the risk factors entitled “Risk Factors—Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other 
interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index “Benchmarks””, 
“Discontinuation of LIBOR” and “—LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmark rate 
discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an 
early redemption of the Notes” above. 
Fallback arrangements - general 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Noteholder’s 
investment in the Notes. 
If neither of the fallbacks described above in “Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar LIBOR and (ii) the provisions of Condition 8(d) 
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable” or 
“Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR: If U.S. 
dollar LIBOR is discontinued, any Floating Rate Notes referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR will 
bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of the 
Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes; there 
is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for U.S. 
dollar LIBOR or SOFR” applies, and (a) LIBOR, EURIBOR, or SONIA has been permanently 
discontinued or (b) where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar 
LIBOR), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
is no longer representative occurs, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for LIBOR, 
EURIBOR ,SONIA or other similar interbank rate, and for each future Interest Determination 
Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted market practice. 
The Calculation Agent will also make other adjustments to the Notes, including to the new rate 
and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
alternative rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. However, in the case of EURIBOR only, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no such alternative rate exists on the relevant date, it 
will make a determination of an alternative rate as a substitute for EURIBOR, for debt 
obligations such as the Notes, as well as other adjustments to the Notes, including to the new 
rate and to the Margin, that is consistent with accepted market practice. 
The replacement of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar interbank rate by an 
alternative rate and the making of other adjustments to the Notes and other determinations, 
decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of the Notes in connection with the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
replacement of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar interbank rate could adversely 
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can 
sell such Notes. 
Any determination or decision described above will be made in the Calculation Agent’s 
discretion (after consultation with the Issuer). 
In addition, (i) the composition and characteristics of the alternative rate will not be the same 
as those of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the alternative rate will not be the 
economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no 
assurance that the alternative rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the alternative 
rate will be a comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces (each 
of which means that the replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by the alternative rate 
could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the 
Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the alternative rate to gain market acceptance 
could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the alternative rate may have a very limited history and 
the future performance of the alternative rate cannot be predicted based on historical 
performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the alternative rate may be 
limited and (v) the administrator of the alternative rate may make changes that could change 
the value of the alternative rate or discontinue the alternative rate and has no obligation to 
consider the Noteholder’s interests in doing so. 
Specific risks relating to Notes referencing SOFR or SONIA 
The following sets out a number of additional risks specific to Notes that reference either SOFR 
or SONIA. 
SOFR and (reformed) SONIA have limited histories; the future performance of SOFR or SONIA 
cannot be predicted based on historical performance. 
The publication of SOFR began on April 3, 2018 and it therefore has a very limited history. The 
publication of SONIA on the basis of its present methodology began on April 24, 2018. In 
addition, the future performance of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) cannot be predicted 
based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) 
during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to its historical level. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR or SONIA (as the 
case may be), such as correlations, may change in the future. In the case of SOFR, while some 
pre-publication historical data have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the 
“New York Federal Reserve”), such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. The future performance of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be) is impossible 
to predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR or SONIA or the Notes may be inferred 
from any of the historical performance or (in the case of SOFR) historical simulations. 
Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the 
potential performance of SOFR or SONIA or the Notes. Changes in the levels of SOFR or SONIA 
(as the case may be) will affect the return on the Notes and the trading price of such Notes, but it 
is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that SOFR 
or SONIA (as the case may be) will be positive. 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR or SONIA are not the same as those of LIBOR and 
there is no guarantee that either compounded SOFR or compounded SONIA is a comparable 
substitute for LIBOR. 
In April 2017 the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates announced SONIA as 
its preferred risk- free rate for sterling. In June 2017, the ARRC announced SOFR as its

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and characteristics of 
SOFR and SONIA are not the same as those of LIBOR. 
SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally different from LIBOR for two key reasons. 
First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, SOFR is an overnight 
rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. 
SONIA is a measure of the rate at which interest is paid on sterling short-term wholesale funds in 
circumstances where credit, liquidity and other risks are minimal. While SONIA and LIBOR are 
both unsecured rates, SONIA is solely an overnight rate unlike LIBOR which represents interbank 
funding over different maturities. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that either SOFR or SONIA will perform in the same way 
as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest 
and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global, national or regional economic, financial, 
political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 
April 3, 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes 
in comparable benchmark or other market rates. For additional information regarding SOFR, see 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” above. 
The secondary trading market for Notes linked to SOFR or SONIA may be limited 
Since SOFR is a relatively new market rate, and reformed SONIA has also recently been adopted 
as a benchmark rate for bonds, the trading market in debt securities such as the Notes may not 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to SOFR or SONIA 
(such as the Notes) may evolve over time and, as a result, trading prices of the Notes may be 
lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to SOFR or SONIA. Similarly, if 
SOFR or SONIA does not prove to be widely used in debt securities similar to the Notes, the 
trading price of the Notes may be lower than that of debt securities linked to rates that are more 
widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. Further, investors wishing to sell the Notes in the 
secondary market will have to make assumptions as to the future performance of SOFR or 
SONIA. As a result, investors may suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The administrator of SOFR or SONIA may make changes that could change the value of the 
benchmark or discontinue the benchmark and has no obligation to consider Noteholders’ 
interests in doing so 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, or the Bank of 
England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SOFR or SONIA (as the case may be), including changes related 
to the method by which the relevant rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate the relevant rate, or timing related to the publication of the relevant 
rate. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination 
of SOFR or SONIA as applicable (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest 
rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider Noteholders’ 
interests in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant rate and any 
such calculations, adjustments, conversion, revision or discontinuation could adversely affect the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
return on the Notes, the value of the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such 
Notes. 
The interest rate on the Notes is based on a daily compounded SOFR or daily compounded SONIA 
rate, which is relatively new in the marketplace; different conventions exist for calculating interest 
on SOFR and SONIA-linked Notes 
For each Interest Period for Notes linked to SOFR or SONIA, the interest rate on the Notes is 
based on a daily compounded SOFR or SONIA rate calculated using the specific formula 
specified in the Conditions and the Issuance Document, not the SOFR rate or SONIA rate 
published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period, or an average of SOFR 
or SONIA rates during such period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes 
during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to 
SOFR or SONIA (as applicable) that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest 
rate. Further, if the SOFR rate or SONIA rate (as the case may be) in respect of a particular date 
during an Interest Period is negative, the portion of the accrued compounded interest 
compounding factor specifically attributable to such date will be less than one, resulting in a 
reduction to the accrued interest compounding factor used to calculate the interest payable on the 
Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and, in 
addition, for both SOFR and SONIA, different market conventions exist for calculating interest 
on debt securities. Accordingly, the specific formula for the daily compounded SOFR rate or 
SONIA rate (as the case may be) used in the Notes may not be widely adopted by other market 
participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different convention for calculating interest, that would 
likely adversely affect the market value of such Notes. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the 
end of the Interest Period. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on a date 
near the end of such Interest Period, Noteholders will not know the amount of interest payable 
with respect to each such Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date 
and it may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be 
payable on each such Interest Payment Date. 
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR or SONIA (one using 
a different convention to calculating interest including using a SOFR or SONIA index or a screen 
based rate) that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to 
Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus and this may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. 
Potential investors in the Notes should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of any Notes. 
Additional Risks relating to SOFR-linked Notes 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect Notes linked to SOFR. 
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar 
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it 
is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight Treasury repo

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured 
short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
SOFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has 
been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding 
costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to 
gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on the Notes and the price at which the 
Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
In determining the SOFR Accrued Interest Compounding Factor for the final Interest Period, the 
level of SOFR for any day from and including the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of SOFR in respect of such 
SOFR Rate Cut-off Date. 
For the final Interest Period, because the level of SOFR for any day from and including the SOFR 
Rate Cut-off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable, will be 
the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, Noteholders will not receive the 
benefit of any increase in the level in respect of SOFR beyond the level for such date in connection 
with the determination of the interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, which could 
adversely impact the amount of interest payable with respect to that Interest Period. 
Risks relating to Single Share Notes and Share Basket Notes 
In respect of Single Share Notes or Share Basket Notes, the Redemption Amount of the Notes is 
dependent upon the redemption or sale proceeds that would be received in respect of the Shares 
of a company (a “Company”).  Accordingly, an investment in the Notes may bear similar market 
risks to a direct investment in the Shares and investors should take advice accordingly.  An 
investment in the Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt 
security. 
In particular, risks associated with an investment in Single Share Notes or Share Basket Notes 
may include, amongst others: 
(i) 
liquidity risk; 
(ii) 
greater volatility;  
(iii) 
risks arising from limited information available in respect of recently formed Companies 
(that would not permit an investor in the Notes to evaluate past performance of the 
Company and the risk associated with an investment in the Notes); 
(iv) 
restrictions to the ability of the Issuer, as shareholder of the Company, to transfer the 
Shares in the relevant Company and potential consequent losses for the Issuer; 
(v) 
risks arising from investments made by the Company (which may include, without 
limitation, investments in shares, corporate bonds, government bonds or other assets in 
jurisdictions, including emerging markets, that might have legal and regulatory 
frameworks that are not as well developed as developed countries and unlisted securities 
that provide such Companies with direct or indirect exposure to entities which use debt 
financing or trade on margin (i.e. borrowing against the assets purchased) to obtain an 
optimum return on their equity capital, etc.), which in turn may increase the risks 
associated with Notes linked to Shares in the relevant Company; 
(vi) 
risks arising from the legal structure of the Company and the nature of its business. In 
particular, the Company may be a fund, which will regularly charge fees (in particular, 
the fund manager, asset manager or investment consultant may charge management fees

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
and/or a performance-related fee) that lower the redemption proceeds used to determine 
the redemption, cancellation and/or interim amounts under the Notes; or 
(vii) 
risks arising from other fees and expenses that can be incurred by the Company in relation 
to third persons employed by such Company’s fund manager to provide services 
connected to such Company (such as custodian bank fees, fees for investment advice and 
auditing). 
In addition, following the existence or occurrence of certain events in respect of the Shares of a 
Company, if the Calculation Agent determines that such event or events are material for the 
purposes of the Notes, a Mandatory Redemption Event will occur which will lead to a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurring. 
The occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event may have an effect on the timing of valuation 
and consequently the value of the Notes and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Notes.  
Potential investors should review the Conditions to ascertain whether and how such provisions 
apply to the Notes. 
The summary set out above in respect of the potential risks relating to Single Share Notes and 
Share Basket Notes does not purport to be a complete enumeration or explanation of the risks 
involved in in an investment in this type of Notes, but investors in the Notes should understand 
that  the occurrence of any of the events listed above may materially affect the return on the Notes 
and any relevant investors may lose all or part of their original investment. 
Meetings of Noteholders, modification and waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed and Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally (including amendments to the Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed).  
Such provisions include, among other things, (i) quorum requirements for the holding of 
Noteholders’ meetings and (ii) voting thresholds required to pass Extraordinary Resolutions at 
such meetings (or through written resolutions). The quorum required for a meeting of 
Noteholders convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution (other than resolutions regarding 
modifying the details of the Mortgaged Property or the Unsecured Series Property, the maturity 
of the Notes or the dates on which interest is payable on them; reducing or cancelling the 
Redemption Amount of any premium payable on redemption of, or interest on, or varying the 
method of calculating the rate of interest or reducing the minimum rate of interest on the Notes; 
changing the currency of payment of the Notes; modifying the Events of Default; modifying 
the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders and the 
provisions concerning the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution ("special 
quorum resolution")) is two or more person(s) holding or representing a clear majority in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at an adjourned 
meeting is two or more persons holding Notes or representing Noteholders. The quorum 
required for a meeting of Noteholders convened to vote on a special quorum resolution will be 
two or more person(s) holding or representing at least two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at an adjourned meeting to vote on a special 
quorum resolution is two or more person(s) holding or representing at least one-third in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. It should, however, be noted that 
Extraordinary Resolutions (including to amend the Conditions and/or the Trust Deed) may still 
be effected in circumstances where not all Noteholders agree with the terms thereof and an 
Extraordinary Resolution in respect of any such amendments or waivers once passed in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions will be binding on all such dissenting 
Noteholders.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
This means that certain decisions in respect of the Notes (including approval of certain material 
modifications of their terms) may be taken by a specified majority of Noteholders even if such 
decisions are not in line with the interests of a single Noteholder. 
In addition, the Trust Deed and Conditions also provide that the Note Trustee may, without the 
consent of any of the Noteholders, agree to and, in the case of Secured Notes, may direct the 
Security Trustee to agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or 
any other Transaction Document which is in the opinion of the Note Trustee of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or (ii) any other modification (except 
as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any of the other Transaction Documents 
which, in any such case, is in the opinion of the Note Trustee not materially prejudicial to the 
interest of all of the Noteholders. 
If any such modifications prove to be not in line with the interests of the Noteholders, there is 
no guarantee that the Noteholders will have recourse against the Note Trustee. 
Resolution of financial institutions 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the "FSB") produced 
a document setting out key attributes of effective resolution regimes for financial institutions. 
Resolution is the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the failure of a firm in 
an orderly fashion. The objective of an effective resolution regime for financial institutions is to 
allow authorities to resolve financial institutions in an orderly manner without taxpayer exposure 
to loss from solvency support, while maintaining continuity of their vital economic functions. 
The FSB proposed that resolution authorities should have at their disposal a broad range of 
resolution powers. These included (without limitation) powers to do the following: 
(i) 
to operate and resolve the firm, including powers to terminate contracts, continue or 
assign contracts, purchase or sell assets, write down debt and take any other action 
necessary to restructure or wind down the firm’s operations; 
(ii) 
to transfer or sell assets and liabilities, legal rights and obligations to a solvent third 
party, notwithstanding any requirements for consent or novation that would otherwise 
apply; 
(iii) 
to carry out bail-in, which would allow, amongst other things, resolution authorities to 
write down equity or other instruments of ownership of a firm and unsecured and 
uninsured creditor claims, to convert into equity or other instruments of ownership of 
the firm all or parts of unsecured and uninsured creditor claims; and 
(iv) 
to temporarily stay the exercise of early termination rights that may otherwise be 
triggered upon entry of a firm into resolution or in connection with the use of 
resolution powers. 
The G20 countries have committed to make any necessary reforms to fully implement the FSB’s 
proposals regarding effective resolution regimes for financial institutions, and new laws have been 
implemented, or are in the process of being implemented, to reflect this. 
In the European Union, on 12 June 2014, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") 
was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. The stated aim of the BRRD is to 
provide supervisory authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-
emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The majority of the requirements of the BRRD have been implemented in the UK through the UK 
Banking Act 2009, as amended and related statutory instruments (together, the "UK Banking 
Act"). The UK Banking Act provides for a "resolution regime" granting substantial powers to the 
Bank of England (or, in certain circumstances, HM Treasury), to implement resolution measures 
(in consultation with other UK authorities) with respect to a UK financial institution where the 
resolution authority considers that the relevant institution is failing or is likely to fail, there is no 
reasonable prospect of other measures preventing the failure of the institution and resolution 
action is necessary in the public interest. 
The powers granted to supervisory authorities under the BRRD and the UK Banking Act include 
(but are not limited to) (A) the introduction of a bail-in power, which gives the resolution 
authorities the power to convert certain liabilities into ordinary shares or other instruments of the 
surviving entity (if any), (B) powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be 
invoked as a result of the exercise of the resolution powers and (C) powers to effect a close out 
of derivative transactions and determine the value of such transactions. 
In the United States, the United States resolution regime for financial institutions has been 
significantly enhanced since the financial crisis. The Orderly Liquidation Authority (the "OLA"), 
introduced in 2010 as part of Dodd-Frank, provides the authorities with a robust framework for 
facilitating the resolution of most financial institutions that have the potential to cause severe 
systemic disruption and/or expose taxpayers to loss in the event of their failure. The regime as set 
out in the OLA and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act lays out a framework through which the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, through an administrative process, can exercise a broad 
range of resolution powers to deal with a failing systemically important bank or bank holding 
company, while protecting financial stability. 
Although the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of any implementing legislation, the taking 
of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime may adversely affect the 
Noteholders.  
In particular, if the obligor in respect of any Series Asset or the Swap Counterparty is within the 
scope of any implementing legislation: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Series Asset or the 
Swap (as the case may be) to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any 
termination rights under the Swap; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the 
Swap and to value the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value may be 
different to the value that would have been determined by the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty (as the case may be)). 
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions is 
complex and the resolution of the Swap Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Notes in 
multiple and unpredictable ways.  
Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient 
assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Notes or any transaction documents for that Series, 
the Notes may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to 
Noteholders may be delayed. Each Noteholder should take such advice as it deems necessary to 
ensure that it understands the impact that a resolution regime may have on its investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
(3) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
No investigations 
No investigations, due diligence, searches or other enquiries have been or will be made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Dealer or the Note Trustee in respect of the Underlying Assets (if any) 
relating to any Series of Notes. No representations or warranties, express or implied, have been 
given by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other person on their 
behalf in respect of the Underlying Assets (if any) relating to any Series of Notes.   
However, the Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, 
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, and they shall not be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any 
Noteholder or the Issuer. 
As a consequence, investors in the Notes may not have sufficient information to take an informed 
decision in respect of their investment in the Notes, which could result in potential losses. 
Any interested party in the Notes of a Series must carry out their own due diligence on the 
Underlying Assets of a Series before purchasing the Notes of such Series, which may result in 
higher costs. 
Underlying Assets 
The Underlying Assets relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. In the event of an insolvency of an issuer or obligor in respect of any Underlying Assets or 
the Swap Counterparty, various insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor 
or the Swap Counterparty may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the Issuer, the Note Trustee 
or the Security Trustee (if applicable) may recover in respect such Underlying Assets. In addition, 
certain Underlying Assets may be posted as collateral to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to a 
credit support document in respect of a Swap Agreement and such Underlying Assets may not be 
available to the Issuer upon liquidation or enforcement of the Security. 
If Notes redeem other than on their Maturity Date, the Underlying Assets relating thereto will be 
sold or otherwise liquidated (except where otherwise transferred in accordance with the 
Conditions). No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or liquidation of 
such Underlying Assets at that time since the market value of such Underlying Assets will be 
affected by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers 
and obligors of the Underlying Assets and the Swap Counterparty, (ii) market perception, interest 
rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of the 
Underlying Assets and (iv) the liquidity of the Underlying Assets.  
Accordingly, the price at which such Underlying Assets are sold or liquidated may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of the Underlying Assets on the issue 
date and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation and any other assets available to the Issuer 
that relate to the relevant Series of Notes may not be sufficient, following deduction of amounts 
to be paid to prior ranking claimants in accordance with the Conditions, to repay the full amount 
of principal of and interest on the relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes would expect to 
receive in the event that the Notes were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
(4) 
RISKS RELATING TO THIRD PARTIES 
Risks arising from third parties appointed under the Programme to perform certain 
activities in respect of the Notes 
The Issuer is a party to contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform 
services in relation to the Notes and/or may perform services in relation to the Underlying Assets 
and the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes will be dependent, where 
applicable, upon the payment of principal and interest due on the Underlying Assets, upon the 
payment of all sums due from the relevant Swap Counterparty, upon the Paying Agent and the 
Custodian making the relevant payments when received and upon all parties to the Transaction 
Documents (other than the relevant Issuer) performing their respective obligations thereunder.  
Accordingly, Noteholders are exposed, among other things, to the creditworthiness of the 
obligor(s) and services provider(s) in respect of the Underlying Assets, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Paying Agent the Custodian (the Swap Counterparty, the Paying Agent and the Custodian 
each being a “Relevant Entity”).  
The creditworthiness and/or performance of each of the Relevant Entities may be dependent upon 
economic, political, financial and social events, locally and globally and these events could 
adversely affect any of (i) the market value of the Underlying Assets and/or (ii) the consolidated 
financial condition or results of operations in future periods of any Relevant Entity. In addition, 
any such entity may become subject to litigation and regulatory or governmental scrutiny or may 
be subject to changes in applicable regulatory regimes that may be materially adverse to them, 
their prospects or their ability to meet their obligations. 
If current market conditions and circumstances deteriorate further this could lead to a decline in 
credit quality, corrections in asset prices and increases in defaults and non-performing debt, and 
there can be no assurance that such factors will not adversely affect the market value of the 
Underlying Assets and/or any Relevant Entity’s creditworthiness and/or performance and, in turn, 
the performance of the Notes. Please also refer to risk factors under sections “Swap Counterparty 
risk”, “Risks relating to the Paying Agent” and “Risks relating to the Custodian” below. 
Furthermore, there can be no certainty that, in the event that any such Relevant Entity needs to be 
replaced, a replacement party can be found to take over their responsibilities or that such 
replacement party will agree to do so on identical terms of those agreed with the outgoing party. 
Furthermore, the liability of any such party, the extent to which the Issuer may make a claim in 
the event of inadequate performance or non-performance may be limited by the provisions of the 
relevant contract. In such case, the ability of the Issuer to recover damages incurred may be 
reduced, which would in turn affect the amount available to make payments under the Notes. 
The Dealer has agreed to pay certain fees, costs and expenses of the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
In the event that the Dealer does not meet such obligations on time and in full (which may occur, 
for example, upon the insolvency (or the occurrence of an analogous event) of the Dealer), the 
Issuer may not be able to meet its periodic costs and expenses which may lead to a default of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Trust Deed and consequently an Event of Default. 
Note Trustee and Security Trustee indemnity 
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders of a Series may be dependent on the Note Trustee or 
(solely in the case of Secured Notes) the Security Trustee to take certain actions in respect of a 
Series of Notes, in particular if the Security (if applicable) in respect of such Series becomes 
enforceable under the Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Note Trustee and/or the 
Security Trustee (if applicable) is entitled to require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
If the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction it may not be bound to take such action and such inaction will not constitute 
a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed.  
Consequently, the Noteholders may have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security 
or accept the consequences of such inaction by the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee. 
Noteholders should be prepared to bear the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or 
security and/or prefunding and/or the consequences of any such inaction by the Note Trustee 
or the Security Trustee. Such inaction by the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee will not 
entitle Noteholders to take action directly against the Issuer to pursue remedies for any breach 
by the Issuer of the Trust Deed or the Notes (although the events giving rise to the need for 
Note Trustee or Security Trustee action might also permit the Noteholders to exercise certain 
rights directly under the Conditions). 
Swap Counterparty risk 
If a Series of Notes has a Swap with a Swap Counterparty specified in the Issuance Document, 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent also 
upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap 
Agreement.  Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Underlying Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and on the 
performance by the Swap Counterparty of its obligations under the Swap Agreement for such 
Series of Notes.  
If the Swap Counterparty defaults or is not otherwise able to perform its obligations under the 
Swap Agreement, the Issuer may not have the resources required to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Series of Notes and therefore the relevant Noteholders may lose all or part 
of their investment. 
Risks relating to the Paying Agent 
Any payments made to Noteholders in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes will 
be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the 
Issuer is to transfer to the Paying Agent such amount as may be due under the Notes, on or before 
each date on which such payment in respect of the Notes becomes due. 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is 
declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them 
in respect of the Notes from the Paying Agent.  
The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and Noteholders may not 
receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying 
not only on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, if applicable, but also on the 
creditworthiness of the Paying Agent in respect of the performance of its obligations under the 
Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to Noteholders. 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
If a Series of Notes has a Custodian specified in the Issuance Document then (i) certain amounts 
of the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, amounts from the sale of the Underlying Assets 
relating to such Notes and other amounts may be deposited into such Cash Account, which will 
be held with the Custodian and (ii) collateral in the form of cash or securities will be held in an 
account of the Custodian in the name of the Issuer (provided that, in limited circumstances, the 
Custodian may register or record securities in a name other than the Issuer).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
In this scenario, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the relevant Custody 
Agreement for such Series of Notes.  Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the 
creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in 
respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement for such Series of 
Notes, subject to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that Underlying 
Assets in the form of securities are not beneficially owned by the Custodian and therefore would 
not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the Custodian. 
If the Custodian, while holding funds for, inter alia, payment to Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due 
to them in respect of the Notes from the Custodian.  
The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and Noteholders may not 
receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying 
not only on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets, if applicable, but also on the 
creditworthiness of the Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the 
Custody Agreement to make or facilitate certain payments to Noteholders. 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian for 
the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian as banker and not as 
trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and will represent only an 
unsecured claim against the Custodian's assets. 
Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer may authorise the Custodian to hold the Series Assets 
in the Custodian's account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any securities depositary or 
at such other account keeper or clearing system as the Custodian deems to be appropriate for the 
type of instruments which comprise the Underlying Assets. 
Where the Underlying Assets are held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing 
system, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the relevant Series of Notes 
will be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody 
Agreement for such Series of Notes (if the Series Assets are so held) and, in turn, the Custodian 
will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from such sub-custodian, 
securities depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on 
the creditworthiness of the Series Assets and the Custodian in respect of the performance of its 
obligations under the Custody Agreement for such Series of Notes, but also on the 
creditworthiness of any duly appointed sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system 
holding the Series Assets subject to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide 
that custody assets held by sub-custodians would not be available to its creditors on any 
insolvency of the sub-custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Underlying Assets in the form of securities with 
sub-custodians in omnibus accounts. Where securities are held in an omnibus account, this may 
result in such securities not being as well protected as if the securities were held in a segregated 
account.  
If there are insufficient securities to meet the claims of all persons holding securities in that 
account, the Issuer may not recover some or all of its securities, which would adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Lien/Right of set-off

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or clearing systems 
may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Series Assets held with them in relation to 
any of their fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever reason, the Custodian fails to pay such fees 
and/or expenses, the relevant sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system may exercise 
such lien or right of set-off, which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to 
it in respect of the Series Assets, and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will not only 
be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody 
Agreement for the relevant Series of Notes (if the Series Assets are so held) but will also be 
dependent on any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system not exercising any lien or 
right of set-off in respect of any Series Assets that it holds.  
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Series Assets, 
but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due any fees or expenses of such 
sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system.  
Failure by the Custodian to pay any such fees or expenses and consequent exercise of any rights 
of any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system in respect of such liens or right of 
set-off may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Risk that investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
The Notes will be represented by a Global Certificate (as defined in the Principal Trust Deed). 
The Global Certificate will be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name 
of the common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive registered notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Certificate. 
While the Notes are represented by the Global Certificate, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders.  
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes (which may create delays) and 
the Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Certificate. 
(5) 
RISKS ARISING FROM POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
General 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may act in a number of capacities in 
connection with any issue of Notes. Any Series Transaction Party or any such affiliate, as the case 
may be, when acting in such capacities in connection with the transactions described herein in 
respect of any Series of Notes shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to 
by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any 
other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard 
of care other than as expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity.  
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates in its various capacities may enter into 
business dealings relating to the Notes or Underlying Assets, or any asset to which the Notes or

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Underlying Assets are exposed, including the acquisition and/or sale of the Notes and/or 
Underlying Assets, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated 
in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may from time to time be in possession of 
certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor 
of any Underlying Assets which information and/or opinions might, if known by a Noteholder, 
affect decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Notes. Notwithstanding this, none 
of the Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to 
notify the Noteholder or the Issuer or any other Series Transaction Parties (including any 
directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may deal in any obligation of the issuer or 
obligor of any Underlying Assets and may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend 
credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business 
transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Underlying Assets and may act with respect to such 
transactions in the same manner as if the Notes of the relevant Series did not exist and without 
regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor of any 
Underlying Assets, the Issuer or the Noteholders of the relevant Series. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may at any time be active and significant 
participants in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, 
instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. Activities undertaken by any Series 
Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a 
long-term basis, the price of such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or relating to the Notes or any Underlying 
Assets. Notwithstanding this, none of the Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall 
have any duty or obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to any Notes 
when effecting transactions in such markets. 
One or more of the Series Transaction Parties and their affiliates may:  
(a) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser 
in connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect 
to the Underlying Assets; 
(b) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the 
Underlying Assets or other classes of securities issued by an issuer of, or obligor with 
respect to, the Underlying Assets or an affiliate thereof; 
(c) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Underlying Assets 
under a swap or other derivative agreements; 
(d) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets or their 
respective affiliates or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective 
affiliates; 
(e) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or 
financial advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Underlying 
Assets or their respective affiliates; or 
(f) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the 
Underlying Assets, the Series Transaction Parties are entitled to fees and expenses (if not 
otherwise paid) senior in priority to payments on such Underlying Assets.  
When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the issuer or obligor of any 
Underlying Assets or an affiliate thereof, a Series Transaction Party may owe fiduciary duties to 
the holders of such other classes of securities, which classes of securities may have differing 
interests from the holders of the class of securities of which the relevant Underlying Assets are a 
part, and may take actions that are adverse to the holders (including, where applicable, the Issuer) 
of the class of securities of which the relevant Underlying Assets are a part.  
As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements, a Series Transaction Party may 
take actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, demanding 
collateralisation of its exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or terminating 
such swaps or agreements in accordance with the terms thereof. In making and administering 
loans and other obligations, a Series Transaction Party may take actions including, but not limited 
to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, 
requiring additional collateral or other credit enhancement, charging significant fees and interest, 
placing the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any Underlying Assets in bankruptcy and/or 
demanding payment on a loan guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s 
acquisition, holding and sale of the Underlying Assets may enhance the profitability or value of 
investments made by a Series Transaction Party in the issuers thereof or obligors in respect 
thereof.  
As a result of all such transactions or arrangements between a Series Transaction Party and the 
issuers of, and obligors with respect to, the Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates, a 
Series Transaction Party may have interests that are contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the 
Noteholders and such a Series Transaction Party shall not be required to take into account the 
interests of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders when taking decisions about all such transactions or 
arrangements. 
This means that activities performed or transactions or arrangements entered into by a Series 
Transaction Party in any of its capacities other than those under the Programme, could potentially 
affect the value of the Notes and/or of the Underlying Assets in unpredictable ways and 
Noteholders can lose or all or part of their investment as a consequence thereof.  
The Note Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions in respect of a Series, the Note Trustee shall have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders of that Series as a class and shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders and the Note Trustee shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders.  
This means that any actions taken by the Note Trustee may not be in line with interest of certain 
individual Noteholders whose interests or considerations in respect of an investment in the Notes 
are different from those of the Noteholders of that particular Series considered as a class. 
(6) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN TAX RULES 
Information Reporting 
On 9 December 2014, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 2014/107/EU (amending 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU) on the mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field 
of taxation to implement the OECD measures known as the "Common Reporting Standard".

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Member States were required to implement this Directive in respect of taxable periods from 1 
January 2016 and to begin exchanging information pursuant to such Directive no later than 30 
September 2017 (subject to deferral under transitional rules in the case of Austria). 
On 27 May 2015, the EU and Switzerland signed a Protocol amending their existing agreement 
relating to the taxation of savings income and transforming it into an agreement on automatic 
exchange of financial account information based on the Common Reporting Standard. The revised 
agreement also takes into account the provisions of the aforementioned Directive 2014/107/EU. 
The previous EU-Switzerland agreement relating to the taxation of savings income continued to 
be operational until 31 December 2016. From 1 January 2017, financial institutions in the EU and 
Switzerland commenced the due diligence procedures envisaged under the new agreement to 
identify customers who are reportable persons, i.e. for Switzerland, residents of any EU Member 
State. By September 2018, the national authorities should have reported the financial information 
to each other. 
The United Kingdom also has its own tax information exchange legislation similar to FATCA (in 
relation to which see below) with the Crown Dependencies and Overseas Territories ("CDOT"). 
The Common Reporting Standard has replaced the CDOT reporting on a phased basis. Reporting 
related to the CDOT jurisdictions in respect of 2018 and subsequent years will be under the 
Common Reporting Standard. 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, repealing EC 
Council Directive 2003/48/EC ("Savings Directive") on the taxation of savings income with 
effect from 1 January 2016 (or 1 January 2017 in the case of Austria), subject to ongoing 
requirements to fulfil administrative obligations such as the reporting and exchange of 
information relating to, and accounting for withholding taxes on, payments made before those 
dates. The repeal of the Savings Directive is intended to prevent overlap between the Savings 
Directive and the Common Reporting Standard. 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 2018/822/EU (amending Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU) on the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation to 
introduce a set of mandatory disclosure rules ("Mandatory Disclosure Rules").  The Mandatory 
Disclosure Rules require the disclosure of certain information regarding reportable 'cross-border' 
arrangements to tax authorities and the information reported will be exchanged automatically 
among the EU Member States' tax authorities.  An arrangement will be 'cross-border' where it 
concerns more than one EU Member State, or a Member State and a third country.  Broadly, an 
arrangement will be reportable under the Mandatory Disclosure Rules if it exhibits one or more 
of the 'hallmarks' as set out in the directive.  The information must be reported by persons who 
have acted as 'intermediaries' in such transactions and, in certain cases, taxpayers themselves.  An 
'intermediary' for these purposes is defined very broadly and includes any person that designs, 
markets, organises or makes available for implementation or manages the implementation of a 
reportable cross-border arrangement.  Reporting obligations (originally not due until August 
2020) applies since January 2021 but all reportable cross-border arrangements from 25 June 2018 
must be disclosed.  EU Member States were obliged to introduce implementing domestic 
legislation by 31 December 2019 and to apply the provisions in the Mandatory Disclosure Rules 
from 1 July 2020.  Although Council Directive 2018/822/EU implementing the Mandatory 
Disclosure Rules is already in force, the exact application of the rules can only be determined

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
once final guidance and national rules implementing revised Council Directive 2011/16/EU 
become available. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Tax Risks in General 
The tax treatment of the Notes may not be clear in certain jurisdictions. This can lead to 
unexpected deductions or other tax obligations.  
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the information on taxation contained in this 
document but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. 
Failure by investors to do so may result in adverse tax consequences (including breach of any 
applicable tax law) for the relevant investors as a result of their investment in the Notes.  
FATCA 
An investor that fails to comply with certain tax identification and certification requirements, 
under rules colloquially referred to as FATCA, may be (i) subject to a 30% withholding tax on 
income (and possibly, in the future, sales and redemption proceeds) and (ii) forced to sell its Notes 
prior to their redemption, potentially at a significant loss. Prospective investors should refer to the 
Section "Taxation in the United States—Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”.  
Income on Certain Series Treated as U.S. Source Income for U.S. Withholding tax Purposes 
Although the Notes will be issued by a non-U.S. entity, income on the Notes of certain Series 
may be at risk of being considered to arise in whole or in part from sources within the United 
States. Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, with respect to those Series, the Issuer will (and 
assumes intermediaries also will) treat all income as arising from sources within the United States 
and will make payments free of U.S. withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the 
holder supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax identification and certification forms, typically an U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E.  The Issuance Document for a 
Series will indicate that the Issuer intends to treat the income on that Series of Notes as arising 
from sources in the United States, if applicable.  
 
U.S. Withholding on “Dividend Equivalent Payments” in respect of U.S. Equities 
With limited exceptions section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury 
Regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a withholding tax of 30 % (or 
lower treaty rate applicable to dividends) on certain "dividend equivalent payments" paid or 
deemed paid to non-U.S. investors in certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (which 
may include equity in certain partnerships) or indices that include U.S. equities (other than certain 
qualified indices). Under these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity 
linked Security does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend. A 
proposed change of law, if enacted, would apply section 871(m) to certain transactions the 
payments on which are determined with reference to the income and gain arising from the equity 
in certain partnerships. 
The applicable Issuance Document will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that payments 
made on the Notes are subject to withholding under Section 871(m) and, if so, will specify contact 
details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Notes. The Issuer’s determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding 
on the IRS.  
The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes 
linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain.  
Prospective investors should refer to the Section "Taxation in the United States – Withholding 
under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 871(m)."   
Withholding on Payments Received by the Issuer on “Dividend Equivalent Payments” in 
respect of U.S. Equities; Double Withholding 
Alphabeta Notes.  Alphabeta is a “qualified derivatives dealer” (“QDD”) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a QDD, Alphabeta is not subject to U.S. withholding tax on dividend 
equivalent payments it receives on the swaps it enters into with the Swap Counterparty over U.S. 
equities.  If Alphabeta loses its status as a QDD, dividend equivalent payments in relation to U.S. 
dividends (which may include distributions with respect to certain partnerships) it receives on its 
swaps will be subject to a 30 % withholding tax, which will be passed on to the holders of the 
Securities.  This 30 % tax is in addition to, and is not offset by, a 30 % withholding tax on dividend 
equivalents paid (or deemed paid) on the Securities. None of these withholdings will be grossed-
up. Accordingly, in the event the Issuer loses its status as a QDD, the Security holders will 
economically suffer two deductions of 30% (this is colloquially referred to as “Double 
Withholding”). See “Memel Notes” immediately below for a further discussion of Double 
Withholding. 
Memel Notes.  Memel does not currently intend to become a QDD for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.  See “Alphabeta Notes” immediately above. Accordingly, where a Note (a “Section 
871(m) Note”) is subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Issuer will typically also be 
subject to an additional 30% withholding tax on the income it earns on the assets that the Issuer 
uses to hedge its exposure under the Section 871(m) Note.  To offset the potential cost of such 
withholding, the Issuer will assess an additional 30% charge against gross amounts of dividend 
equivalent payments made on such Section 871(m) Notes.  This 30% charge is referred to herein 
as “Double Withholding” and will be in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed under 
Section 871(m) itself. The amount of income that will be withheld under section 871(m) will be 
computed without regard to any double withholding.  Further, for simplicity, Double Withholding 
will be computed as 30% of the dividend equivalent payments made on a Section 871(m) Note 
Security without any attempt to determine the specific amount that was withheld on the Issuer’s 
assets attributable to the hedging of any particular Section 871(m) Note.  Thus, the total amount 
that is effectively withheld will be 60% of any dividend equivalents payments.  The Double 
Withholding likely will (and a portion of the withholding under Section 871(m) may) be treated 
as an adjustment to the amount payable on the Note Security and not as a withholding tax for U.S. 
and non-U.S tax purposes, such as determining the amount of any foreign tax credit.   
No Gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed (including, without 
limitation, through any law or regulation implementing a system of financial transaction tax in 
any jurisdiction, including the European Union, relating to any tax payable in respect of the 
transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial instruments) on payments on 
(or the proceed of redemption or sale of) the Notes, the Noteholders will not be entitled to receive

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
additional amounts to compensate for such withholding tax and will not be reimbursed for the 
amount of any shortfall.  
Further, the Noteholders may receive a lower price for the Notes in the secondary market or lower 
redemption proceeds when the Notes are redeemed.  
Treaty Benefits and Foreign Tax Credits 
Central securities depositories in Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark do not (and other 
Clearing Systems may not) provide the identifying information regarding the beneficial owners 
of any U.S. equity linked Note that is necessary for an investor to obtain a reduced rate of 
withholding on dividend equivalent payments. Thus, the Issuer will not be able to reliably 
associate dividend equivalent payments with valid documentation and will be required to withhold 
from dividend equivalent payments at a rate of 30 per cent. If the beneficial owner of a Security 
is entitled to a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty, this will result in over-withholding. 
Non-U.S. investors should consult with their tax advisers regarding an investment in the Securities 
(including the possibility of obtaining a refund of the U.S. withholding tax). 
In addition, an investor likely will not be able to claim a foreign tax credit in the country of its 
residence (i) for taxes that it incurs on account of its inability to qualify for a reduced rate under 
a treaty and (ii) in respect of double withholding. 
(7) 
RISKS RELATING TO CERTAIN U.S. REGULATIONS  
U.S. Dodd-Frank Act 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 21 July 
2010 ("Dodd-Frank"), establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts (collectively referred to in this risk factor as "covered swaps"). Among other 
things, Title VII provides the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") and 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") with jurisdiction and regulatory 
authority over many different types of derivatives that were previously traded over the counter, 
requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration and regulatory framework applicable 
to dealers in covered swaps and other major market participants, requires many types of covered 
swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on swap execution facilities and centrally cleared, and 
requires the imposition of capital and margin requirements for certain uncleared transactions in 
covered swaps. 
While Title VII provided that it was to go into effect on 16 July 2011, the SEC and CFTC have 
repeatedly delayed compliance with many of Title VII’s requirements through exemptive orders, 
no-action letters or other forms of relief. While the CFTC has finalised and adopted a body of 
regulations under Title VII and many of the obligations under those regulations have become 
effective, the SEC is significantly behind the CFTC and many of its rules are still in the proposal 
phase and are not yet in effect. As Title VII’s requirements go into effect, it is clear that covered 
swap counterparties, dealers and other major market participants, as well as commercial users of 
covered swaps, will experience new and/or additional regulatory requirements, compliance 
burdens and associated costs. 
Notwithstanding the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the Issuer in order to fall 
outside the scope of certain regulatory regimes imposed pursuant to Dodd-Frank, there is no 
assurance that the Swap (if applicable) would not be treated as covered swaps under Title VII, nor 
is there assurance that the Issuer would not be required to comply with additional regulation under 
the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, including by Dodd-Frank (the "CEA"), as 
described immediately below. If the Swap (if any) is treated as a covered swap under Title VII, 
the Issuer may be required to comply with additional regulation under the CEA and, moreover,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
the Issuer could be deemed a commodity pool that is required to register as a commodity pool 
operator with the CFTC (see the risk factor titled "U.S. regulatory considerations – Risks relating 
to the U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation" below). 
Such additional regulations and/or registration requirements may result in, among other things, 
increased reporting obligations and also in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the Issuer 
thereby materially and adversely impacting a transaction's value. Any such additional registration 
requirements could result in one or more service providers or counterparties to the Issuer 
resigning, seeking to withdraw or renegotiating their relationship with the Issuer. To the extent 
any service providers resign, it may be difficult to replace such service providers. 
Under Dodd-Frank, any Swaps entered into between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may 
be subject to mandatory execution, clearing and documentation requirements. Even those Swap 
(if any) not required to be cleared may be subject to initial and variation margining and 
documentation requirements that may require modifications to existing agreements. Any of the 
foregoing requirements and/or other requirements or obligations under Dodd-Frank could 
materially increase costs associated with the Programme and could materially and adversely affect 
the value of the Notes. 
Investors are urged to consult their own advisers regarding the suitability of an investment in any 
Notes. 
Risks relating to U.S. Commodity Pool Regulation 
The CFTC has rescinded a rule which formerly provided an exemption from registration as a 
"commodity pool operator" (a "CPO") or a "commodity trading advisor" ("CTA") under the CEA 
in respect of certain transactions and investment vehicles involving sophisticated investors. Dodd-
Frank also expanded the definition of "commodity pool" to include any form of enterprise 
operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. It should also be 
Certificated that the definition of "swap" under Dodd-Frank is itself broad and expressly includes 
certain interest rate swaps, currency swaps and total return swaps. The term "commodity pool 
operator" has been expanded to include any person engaged in a business that is of the nature of 
a commodity pool or similar enterprise and in connection therewith, solicits, accepts, or receives 
from others, funds, securities or property for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, 
including any swaps. The CFTC has taken an expansive interpretation of these definitions, and 
has expressed the view that entering into a single swap could make an entity a "commodity pool" 
subject to regulation under the CEA. The CFTC has also provided extensive exemptive relief in 
respect of these matters although there is no guarantee that all or any aspects of the Programme 
will be able to take advantage of such relief. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no person has registered nor will register as a CPO of the 
Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder. No assurance can be made that either 
the U.S. federal government or a U.S. regulatory body (or other authority or regulatory body) will 
not take further legislative or regulatory action, and the effect of such action, if any, cannot be 
known or predicted. Notwithstanding the contractual restrictions that have been imposed by the 
Issuer in order to fall outside the scope of the CEA, if the Issuer were deemed to be one or more 
"commodity pools", then whoever is deemed to be acting as a CPO in respect thereof would be 
required to register as such with the CFTC. While there remain certain limited exemptions from 
registration, because the wording of these regulations applies to traditional commodity pools and 
was not drafted with transactions such as those contemplated in relation to the Programme in 
mind, these exemptions may not be available to avoid registration with respect to the Issuer or 
other parties. In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", it would have to 
comply with a number of reporting requirements that are geared to traded commodity pools. 
Complying with these requirements on an ongoing basis could impose significant costs on the 
Issuer that may materially and adversely affect the value of the Notes. It is presently unclear how

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
an investment vehicle such as the Issuer could comply with certain of these reporting requirements 
on an ongoing basis. Such registration and other requirements would also involve material 
ongoing costs to the Issuer. The scope of such requirements and related compliance costs is 
uncertain but could materially and adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Risks relating to U.S. Volcker Rule 
On 10 December 2013, the SEC, the CFTC and three U.S. banking regulators approved a final 
rule to implement the Volcker Rule. Subject to certain exceptions, the Volcker Rule prohibits 
sponsorship of and investment in certain "covered funds" by "banking entities", a term that 
includes each the Dealer and most internationally active banking organisations (which may 
include the Swap Counterparty). Even if an exception allows a banking entity to sponsor or invest 
in a covered fund, the banking entity may be prohibited from entering into certain "covered 
transactions" with that covered fund. Covered transactions include (among other things) entering 
into a swap transaction if the swap would result in a credit exposure to the covered fund. 
If the Issuer is considered a covered fund and if the Swap Counterparty or any affiliate of the 
Swap Counterparty were to be deemed to be a "sponsor" of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty 
could be prohibited from maintaining the Swap with the Issuer, which could lead to an early 
termination of the Swap by reason of a regulatory event (howsoever defined in the terms of the 
Swap) and an early redemption of the Notes (see the risk factor titled "Early redemption for Events 
of Default, tax or other reasons" above). Such a scenario may thereafter restrict the types of Notes 
the Issuer may agree to issue. 
If the Issuer in respect of a particular Series is considered a covered fund, the liquidity of the 
market for the Notes (whilst they remain outstanding) may be materially and adversely affected, 
since banking entities could be prohibited from, or face restrictions in, investing in the Notes. This 
could make it difficult or impossible for Noteholders to sell the Notes or it could materially and 
adversely affect their market value. 
Qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Board of 
Governors") adopted a final rule (the "Final Rule") imposing restrictions on the ability of a party 
to call a default under, or to restrict transfers of, certain qualified financial contracts ("QFCs") 
entered into by any top-tier bank holding company identified by the Board of Governors as a 
global systemically important banking organisation (each a "GSIB"), the subsidiaries of any U.S. 
GSIB (with certain exceptions) or the U.S. operations of any foreign GSIB (with certain 
exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain exceptions, "Covered Entities"). The Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency have adopted parallel 
rules which are substantively the same as the Final Rule. A QFC includes, among other things, 
over-the-counter derivatives, repurchase agreements, contracts for the purchase or sale of 
securities and any credit enhancement in respect of the foregoing contracts (including a guarantee 
as well as a charge, pledge, mortgage or other similar credit support arrangement). In respect of 
each Series, the Swap Counterparty or the Dealer may be Covered Entities to which the Final 
Rule applies and the terms applicable to the Swap, the Dealer Agreement and the Trust Deed (as 
non-U.S. law governed contracts) are likely to constitute QFCs. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the "U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes") provide for such restrictions on default rights and transfers, if the relevant contract is 
not governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States, a court outside the 
United States may decline to enforce such provisions even if a Covered Entity is in a proceeding 
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime. To address this, the Final Rule requires a Covered Entity 
to ensure that each QFC it enters into (a "Covered QFC") includes provisions that (i) restrict 
default rights against such Covered Entity to the same extent as provided under the U.S. Special

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Resolution Regimes and (ii) restrict the exercise of any cross-default rights against such Covered 
Entity based on any affiliate’s entry into bankruptcy or similar proceedings.  
In respect of each Series, each transaction document which constitutes a Covered QFC will 
include provisions which reflect these requirements and, as a result, the Issuer may face a delay 
in being able to enforce its rights against such a transaction party or be restricted from terminating 
such a transaction document. 
(8) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET 
Market Value of Notes 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to (i) the value and volatility of the Underlying Asset, if any and the creditworthiness of the issuers 
and obligors of any Underlying Asset, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, 
commodities or property to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, 
and the creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations 
to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, 
interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and 
(v) any outstanding transaction fees (if payable out of the proceeds of redemption of the 
Underlying Assets). Any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the Maturity Date may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired on the Issue 
Date. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices 
in respect of the Notes in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be 
substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by the Dealer may not be representative of prices 
that may be provided by other market participants.  
For this reason, any price provided or quoted by the Dealer should not be viewed or relied upon 
by prospective purchasers as establishing, or constituting advice by the Dealer concerning, a 
mark-to-market value of the Notes. The price (if any) provided by the Dealer is at the absolute 
discretion of the Dealer and may be determined by reference to such factors as it sees fit. Any 
such price may take into account fees, commissions or arrangements entered into by the Dealer 
with a third party in respect of the Notes and that Dealer shall have no obligation to any 
Noteholder to disclose such arrangements. Any price given would be prepared as of a particular 
date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values or any other 
factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
Therefore, any subsequent transfer of the Notes by a Noteholder to third parties may be made at 
a price (which would generally reflect the market value of the Notes at that time) which may 
be different (and in some instances, materially different) from the price at which the Notes 
have been originally purchased from the Dealer. This means that the relevant Noteholder may 
potentially lose a substantial part of its investment if it decides to sell its Notes.  
Limited liquidity of the Notes 
Although application may be made to admit the Notes to (i) the Euronext Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market or the GEM of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin), (ii) 
the Global Market or (iii) the official list or unregulated market of another stock exchange, there 
is currently no secondary market for the Notes. There can be no assurance that a secondary market 
for any of the Notes will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the 
holders of the Notes with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Notes. 
Investors should note that the market for the Notes (if any) will be affected by, among other things, 
supply and demand for the Notes, and that, accordingly, it should not be assumed that there will

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
be a significant correlation between the market value of the Notes and the market value of the 
Underlying Assets. Prospective investors should be aware that the market value of the Notes may 
also be affected by events in the capital and credit markets which may have an effect on the market 
value of the Underlying Assets, the Issuer and/or similar structured securities generally. 
In addition, the liquidity of any trading market (should any develop) in the Notes may be adversely 
affected by changes in the overall market for investment and non-investment grade securities. If 
such a trading market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower 
than the initial offering price depending on many factors including prevailing interest rates and 
the market for similar securities. 
Under normal market conditions, subject to applicable law and the Dealer’s policies, the Dealer 
will use reasonable efforts to make a market for the Notes and quote bid and offer prices. 
However, the Dealer is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a market at 
any time and therefore investors in the Notes should not rely, when making an investment decision 
in respect of the Notes, on the potential ability of the Dealer to make a market in respect of any 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Consequently, any investor of the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite 
period of time or until redemption of the Notes as an investment in the Notes is only suitable for 
investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Notes and the financial 
and other risks associated with such lack of liquidity.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the 
Issuance Document relating to the Series of which any Note is a part: 
 
General: 
Under the Programme, each of the Issuers (as defined below) may 
from time to time issue secured notes ("Secured Notes") and 
unsecured notes (the "Unsecured Notes" and, together with the 
Secured Notes, the "Notes") on the terms set out herein, as further 
detailed in the applicable Issuance Document.  
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the 
Programme will not at any time exceed the Programme Limit (as 
defined below). 
The Issuer at its discretion, in respect of a Series, may either (i) 
purchase bonds or notes of any denomination, type or issuer or 
other assets as specified in the relevant Issuance Document 
("Underlying Assets") and/or (ii) obtain exposure to the reference 
assets specified in the relevant Issuance Document (the 
"Reference Assets") by either entering into a swap or other 
derivative (a "Swap") with the Swap Counterparty (as defined 
below) which references the Reference Assets or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed or unlisted, as 
specified herein.  
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") of a particular Series will be limited to the Series 
Assets applicable to that Series. If the net proceeds of the 
enforcement or liquidation of the Series Assets for any Series are 
not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of 
the Notes of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will not be 
available for payment of any shortfall arising therefrom.  
Any such shortfall shall be borne by Noteholders of each Series as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  
The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in 
excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be owed 
by the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall remaining after either 
(i) in the case of Secured Notes realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with the 
Trust Deed or (ii) in respect of Unsecured Notes, liquidation of the 
Unsecured Series Property and application of the proceeds in 
accordance with the Trust Deed.   
None of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable) or 
any Noteholder may take any further action to recover such 
shortfall. 
Issuers: 
Under the Programme, Memel Capital PCC (“Memel”), acting in 
respect of its protected cells from time to time or Alphabeta Access 
Products Ltd (“Alphabeta”), as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document in respect of each Series of Notes (each of Memel 
acting in respect of its protected cells from time to time and 
Alphabeta, an "Issuer" and together the “Issuers”).

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Memel’s 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
number 
(“LEI”) 
is 
635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75.  
The registered office of Memel is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD.  The share capital of Memel is £10,000 divided 
into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each of which two shares have been 
issued and are fully paid up and the share capital of the Memel is 
£10,000 divided into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each. 
Alphabeta’s LEI is 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96.  
The registered office of Alphabeta is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD.  The share capital of the Alphabeta is £10,000 
divided into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each of which two shares have 
been issued and are fully paid up. 
References in this Base Prospectus to (i) the “Issuer” shall, unless 
otherwise specified, be construed as references to each of the 
Issuers separately; (ii) the “Notes” or a “Series of Notes” are 
respectively references to the “Notes” or “Series of Notes” issued 
by the relevant Issuer and (iii) the “Issuer” in respect of any 
particular Series of Notes are references to the Issuer of such 
particular Series of Notes.  
Each Issuer will be solely responsible for the Notes issued by itself 
and such Notes and any obligations in connection thereto will not 
be the responsibility of any other Issuer under the Programme or 
any other person. In particular, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Issuer shall not be responsible for and shall not be subject to any 
obligations in respect of the Notes issued by any other Issuer under 
the Programme and shall have no rights in connection thereto. 
Noteholders in respect of a particular Series of Notes shall have 
recourse (within the limits provided for under the Programme) 
only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes 
and shall have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the 
Programme or any other person. 
Each Series of Notes issued by an Issuer (and relevant Series 
Assets (as defined below) in respect of such Series of Notes) shall 
be segregated from any other Series of Notes issued by the same 
Issuer (and the Series Assets (as defined below) in respect of any 
other Series of Notes), as specified below. In particular, (i) in 
respect of Notes issued by Alphabeta, segregation between various 
Series of Notes issued by Alphabeta (and relevant Series Assets 
(as defined below)) shall be based on the contractual provisions 
included in the Transaction Documents in respect of the relevant 
Series of Notes and (ii) in respect of Notes issued by Memel acting 
on behalf of any of its protected cells, segregation between various 
Series of Notes issued by Memel acting on behalf of any of its 
protected cells (and relevant Series Assets (as defined below)) 
shall be based on statutory provisions applicable under Jersey law 
in respect of protected cell companies (as specified below) and on 
the contractual provisions included in the Transaction Documents 
in respect of the relevant Series of Notes. 
In particular, in respect of Notes issued by Memel, each Series of 
Notes are issued by Memel acting in respect of its relevant 
protected cell specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such 
Notes. Each such protected cell is a protected cell of Memel, being

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
a Jersey protected cell company, and the Noteholders in respect of 
a specific Series of Notes issued by Memel will only have recourse 
to the assets from time to time attributable to the protected cell 
represented by Memel in respect of the relevant Series of Notes as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such Notes. 
Holders of Notes will not have recourse to any assets attributed to 
any other protected cell of Memel other than such protected cell or 
any assets held by Memel in its own capacity. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised: 
(a) in respect of Memel, by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Memel (the “Memel Board”) on 25 March 
2021. This Base Prospectus was presented to the Memel 
Board in connection with the update of the Programme 
and approved by resolutions of the Memel Board passed 
on or around the date of this Base Prospectus. The issue of 
each Series of Notes will be authorised by a separate 
resolution of the Memel Board; and 
(b) in respect of Alphabeta, by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Alphabeta (the “Alphabeta Board”) on 27 
September 2021. This Base Prospectus was presented to 
the Alphabeta Board in connection with the update of the 
Programme and approved by resolutions of the Alphabeta 
Board passed on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The issue of each Series of Notes will be 
authorised by a separate resolution of the Alphabeta 
Board. 
Description: 
USD 50,000,000,000 Secured and Unsecured Note Programme. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to USD 50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the trade date of the relevant Notes) aggregate principal amount 
of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Dealer, Arranger and Note 
Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Calculation Agent: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or any other party as 
specified in the Issuance Document 
Disposal Agent: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. or any other party as 
specified in the Issuance Document 
Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or any other party 
as specified in the Issuance Document 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch or any 
other party as specified in the Issuance Document 
Note Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited or any other 
party as specified in the Issuance Document

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Security Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited or any other 
party as specified in the Issuance Document 
Swap Counterparty: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, any of its affiliates or any 
other financial institutions, as specified in the Issuance Document 
Corporate Administrator: 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited. The registered office of 
the corporate administrator is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 0BD 
Cash Account Bank: 
In the case of an Alphabeta Programme, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes of a Series will be issued either as Secured Notes and 
Secured Series Custodian Notes only or Unsecured Notes and 
Unsecured Series Custodian Notes only. 
The Secured Notes of each Secured Series (other than Secured 
Series Custodian Notes) will be secured limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and secured in the manner described 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status, Security and 
Assets of the Issuer – Mortgaged Property". 
The Unsecured Notes of each Unsecured Series (other than the 
Unsecured Series Custodian Notes) will be limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, will not be secured and will have 
the rights described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Status, Security and Assets of the Issuer – Unsecured Series 
Property". Recourse in respect of any Unsecured Series will be 
limited to the Unsecured Series Property in respect of that 
Unsecured Series. 
Recourse in respect of any Series will be limited to the Series 
Assets in respect of that Series. If the net proceeds of such Series 
Assets are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer 
will not be available for payment of any shortfall arising 
therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders of 
such Series as specified in the relevant Issuance Document. The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess 
of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect of such shortfall remaining after either (i) in 
respect of Secured Notes, realisation of the Mortgaged Property 
and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed 
or (ii) in respect of Unsecured Notes, liquidation of the Unsecured 
Series Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with 
the Trust Deed. None of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, if 
applicable, or any Noteholder may take any further action to 
recover such shortfall.  In particular, none of the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, if applicable, or any Noteholder, shall be entitled 
to institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining insolvency, winding up or bankruptcy proceedings 
(whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any 
of its assets.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
In the case of Notes issued by Memel, holders of such Notes will 
not have recourse to any assets attributed to any other protected 
cell of Memel or any assets held by Memel in its own capacity. 
Series Assets: 
The Series Assets may include bonds or notes of any form, 
denomination, type and issuer or other assets as specified in the 
Issuance Document ("Underlying Assets"). The Series Assets will 
also include cash or assets held in a cash or custody account with 
the Custodian and any contractual rights which the Issuer has 
against its service providers and the Swap Counterparty and parties 
in Transaction Documents relating to a specific Series and any 
other assets specified in the relevant Issuance Document or 
Supplemental Trust Deed.  
Series Assets of Secured Notes are referred to as Mortgaged 
Property. Series Assets of Unsecured Notes are referred to as 
Unsecured Series Property. 
Custodian: 
If specified in the Issuance Document for a Series as applicable, 
the Issuer may appoint The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch as a custodian to hold the Series Assets or cash on the terms 
of the Custody Agreement for such Series. 
Mortgaged Property: 
The Secured Notes of each Secured Series (other than Secured 
Series Custodian Notes) will be secured in the manner set out in 
the relevant Issuance Document and Supplemental Trust Deed, 
which will include a charge on and/or assignment of and/or other 
security over or in respect of (i) certain Underlying Assets and all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying 
Assets; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation 
to the Underlying Assets of such Series; and (iii) the Issuer’s right, 
title and interest under the Custody Agreement (if applicable) and 
any agreement under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or 
Swaps and/or by which the Issuer purchases the Underlying Assets 
in respect of such Secured Series and the Agency Agreement, 
together with security over such additional property as may be 
described in the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of such 
Secured Series and/or the relevant Issuance Document. 
Unsecured Series Property: 
The Unsecured Notes of each Unsecured Series will not be 
secured. The Unsecured Notes (other than the Unsecured Series 
Custodian Notes) of an Unsecured Series will rely for their 
payment on, inter alia, (i) certain Underlying Assets and all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying 
Assets; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation 
to the Underlying Assets of such Unsecured Series; (iii) the 
Issuer’s right, title and interest under the Custody Agreement (if 
applicable) and any agreement under which the Issuer enters into 
the Swap or Swaps and/or by which the Issuer purchases the 
Underlying Assets in respect of such Unsecured Series and the 
Agency Agreement and any other Related Agreement or 
Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party, as may be 
described in the Trust Deed in respect of such Unsecured Series 
and/or the relevant Issuance Document. 
Method of issue of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") on one or more 
issue dates.  Notes of a Series shall be issued on identical terms (or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
identical other than in respect of the issue date), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series (other than the Custodian Notes). 
Notes (whether Secured Notes or Unsecured Notes) in a Series will 
be constituted by one or more Supplemental Trust Deeds for such 
Series. Secured Notes in a Secured Series will also be secured 
pursuant to such Supplemental Trust Deed for such Secured 
Series. Each Supplemental Trust Deed will be supplemental to the 
Principal Trust Deed, which contains the provisions common to all 
Series of Notes. The Supplemental Trust Deed for a single Series 
together with the Principal Trust Deed (together, the "Trust Deed" 
for a Series) will contain all the provisions for the issuance of the 
Notes of such Series. 
Issuance of a Series: 
On the first Issue Date of a Series: 
(1) 
the Issuer will issue the maximum number of Notes 
available in such Series (as set out in the Issuance 
Document) at a price per note as set out in the Issuance 
Document for such Notes; 
(2) 
the Dealer will pay to the Issuer the amount set out in the 
Issuance Document (such amount being the product of (i) 
the maximum amount of Notes of such Series and (ii) the 
price per Note therefor); 
(3) 
the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer such amount of 
Notes that are not being sold by the Dealer to investors on 
the first Issue Date of such Series at a price per Note as set 
out in the Issuance Document (such price being the same 
as the price that the Issuer issues the issue of Notes under 
1. above); and 
(4) 
the Issuer will pay to the Dealer the amount set out in the 
Issuance Document (such amount being the product of (i) 
the amount of Notes that are not being sold by the Dealer 
to investors on the first Issue Date and (ii) the price per 
Note therefor). 
The payments due from the Dealer to the Issuer and from the Issuer 
to the Dealer will be netted.  The Notes of such Series so 
repurchased will be held by the Note Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer. 
Price of Notes: 
The Price of Notes will be specified in the Issuance Document. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency as the Issuer and 
the Dealer may agree.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Maturity: 
The Notes of a Series are expected to mature on the Maturity Date 
of such Series but will be subject to mandatory redemption in full 
in the circumstances described below and in Condition 9(b).  The 
Notes of a Series may also be repurchased by the Issuer as 
described below. 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event or an 
Event of Default and on the Maturity Date, all outstanding Notes 
are expected to be redeemed in an amount per Note equal to the 
Redemption Amount on such date. 
With respect to the Maturity Date the Issuer will request the 
realisation of the Underlying Assets and request payments under 
the Swap or Swaps. If a Fixed Maturity Date is specified in the 
Issuance Document, and if any amounts are received by the Issuer 
after the Maturity Date then such amounts shall be retained by the 
Issuer and available to be distributed to its ultimate shareholders 
for the benefit of (i) in the case of Notes issued by Memel acting 
in respect of any of its protected cells, Memel or (ii) in the case of 
Notes issued by Alphabeta, The Oder Capital Charitable Trust. If 
a Scheduled Maturity Date is specified in the Issuance Document, 
then if the Issuer has not received by such Scheduled Maturity 
Date (a) the full cash proceeds of sale or redemption of the 
Underlying Assets and/or payments under the Swap or Swaps, the 
Maturity Date shall be the twentieth Business Day following such 
receipt. 
Custodian Notes: 
All Notes of a Series repurchased by the Issuer on the Issue Date 
of such Series shall be Custodian Notes for so long as they are held 
by the Note Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and either (a) for so 
long as the Notes of such Series are held through a clearing system, 
shall be held in the Note Custodian’s client account at the 
applicable clearing system or (b) if the Notes of such Series are no 
longer held through a clearing system due to an exchange event for 
exchanging Global Notes to Definitive Notes as set out in the 
Principal Trust Deed, shall be represented by a global certificate 
(the "Custodian Global Certificate") held by the Note Custodian. 
While held through a clearing system, the Custodian Notes will be 
included in the total number of Notes issued through such clearing 
system, will be classed as Notes by the applicable clearing system, 
but the Note Custodian will renounce all rights that Notes have and 
will notify the clearing system accordingly.  Such clearing system 
will treat the Notes held in the Note Custodian’s client account as 
not having any rights while they are held in the Note Custodian’s 
client account and will only have the same rights as other Notes 
upon transfer to a new investor. 
Custodian Notes in respect of Secured Notes are referred to as 
"Secured Series Custodian Notes". Custodian Notes in respect of 
Unsecured Notes are referred to as "Unsecured Series Custodian 
Notes". 
Custodian Notes carry no voting rights, do not bear interest and no 
amount of principal or interest is payable thereon and are not 
secured by any property. Custodian Notes are held by the Note 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer either (a) for so long as an 
exchange event for exchanging Global Notes to Definitive Notes 
as set out in the Principal Trust Deed has not occurred, through the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Note Custodian’s client account at a clearing system or (b) 
following an exchange event for exchanging Global Notes to 
Definitive Notes as set out in the Principal Trust Deed, through the 
Custodian Global Certificate. 
On each date on which Custodian Notes are sold by the Issuer to 
the Dealer: 
(1) 
in the case of Notes that continue to be held through a 
clearing system, the Note Custodian shall transfer, in 
accordance with the applicable clearing system’s transfer 
procedures, such number of Notes being sold that are held 
in the Note Custodian’s client account to the Dealer’s 
trading account at the applicable clearing system.  The 
applicable clearing system will carry out such transfer in 
accordance with its standard transfer procedures and book 
entries will be effected within such clearing system, such 
that the total number of Notes held by the Note Custodian 
in the Note Custodian’s client account will have been 
reduced by the number of Notes by which the number of 
Notes held by the Dealer in the Dealer’s trading account 
(and then ultimately by the applicable participants, in the 
clearing system, for the new investors) have been 
increased.  Such Notes transferred by the Note Custodian 
through the clearing system will, upon transfer, cease to 
be treated as ‘Custodian Notes’ and the clearing system 
shall note in its book entries that such transferred Notes 
then have all the rights that other Notes have.  Morgan 
Stanley, as both Dealer and as the Note Custodian shall 
note in its records (outside of the clearing system) the 
number of Notes transferred and the total number of Notes 
remaining; or 
(2) 
in the case of Notes that are no longer held through a 
clearing system due to the occurrence of an exchange 
event for exchanging Global Notes to Definitive Notes as 
set out in the Principal Trust Deed, the Custodian Global 
Certificate shall be written down and a relevant number of 
Notes registered in the Register shall be registered in the 
name of the relevant new Noteholders (which shall be 
included on the Register) or the number of Notes held by 
an existing Noteholder will be increased accordingly, as 
applicable, such that, after such write-down and 
registration or increase, as applicable, have taken place in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Trust Deed, the total number of 
Custodian Notes will have been reduced by the total 
number of Notes by which the number of Notes registered 
in the Register have been increased.  The Custodian Notes 
resold to the Dealer will upon resale cease to be Custodian 
Notes and will be registered in the Register in the name of 
the Noteholders or the number of Notes held by an existing 
Noteholder will be increased accordingly.  Such Notes will 
carry all of the rights which the existing Notes carry. 
Custodian Notes shall be issued at the price set out in the relevant 
Issuance Document.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Fungible Increases: 
A Series of Notes may comprise a number of tranches where 
necessary which will be issued on identical terms except for the 
Issue Date and the first payment of Interest.  The Issuer is not 
required to determine whether any tranche of Notes is fungible 
with other tranche of Notes of the same Series for any legal or tax 
purpose.  If a tranche is not fungible for a legal or tax purpose the 
existence of multiple tranches may have an adverse effect on the 
value of any tranche of the Series. 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, each Series 
of Notes will be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date upon the 
occurrence of an Underlying Disposal Event, an Underlying Early 
Redemption Event or an Additional Disruption Event, and will be 
redeemed prior to the Maturity Date upon the occurrence of a 
Credit Event to the extent that Credit Event is applicable in the 
Issuance Document (as defined below, collectively referred to as 
“Mandatory Redemption Event”): 
(1) 
In the case of the following Underlying Disposal Events: 
 
(a) 
where there has been a failure to pay on the due date an 
amount in respect of the Underlying Assets in relation to 
such Series (without, unless otherwise specified in the 
Issuance Document, regard to any grace period); 
(b) 
where the Swap is early terminated in whole and is not 
replaced prior to such termination to the satisfaction to the 
Note Trustee;  
(c) 
where the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent would 
be required by law to withhold or account for tax on a 
payment due in respect of the Notes after the application 
of the Conditions and an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders has been passed to redeem the Notes; 
(d) 
where Issuer would suffer tax in respect of payments due 
to it under the Swap or in relation to the Underlying Assets 
and an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders has been 
passed to redeem the Notes; 
(e) 
where any exchange controls, transfer restrictions or tax 
are imposed on the Issuer or payments to be made to or by 
the Issuer, the cost to the Issuer of complying with its 
obligations under the Trust Deed or meeting its operative 
or administrative expenses would be materially increased, 
the Trustee having required the Issuer to use its best 
endeavours to procure the substitution of a company 
incorporated in another jurisdiction approved by the 
Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of the Notes or 
the establishment of a branch office in another jurisdiction 
approved by the Trustee from which it may continue to 
carry out its functions under the Notes and Related 
Agreements and the Issuer, having used its best 
endeavours, is unable to arrange such substitution before 
the next payment is due in respect of the Notes; 
(f) 
where there is any restructuring of the terms and 
conditions of the Underlying Assets, in the sole

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
determination of the Calculation Agent, is material in the 
context of the Note and/or any agreement in relation to the 
Notes; or 
(g) 
where the Issuer's performance under the Notes becomes 
or will be unlawful in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable 
present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment or order 
or directive of any governmental, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, including sanctions; 
the Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall 
give notice thereof (the "Disposal Event Notice") to the 
Note Trustee, the Counterparty, the Issuer, the Disposal 
Agent, the Custodian and the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the 
Note Custodian (in the case of Custodian Notes) and the 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). Upon receipt of a Disposal 
Event Notice, and in the case of Disposal Events pursuant 
to Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) and 9(b)(i)(C)(y), following the 
passing of an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders 
resolving that the Notes shall be redeemed, the Disposal 
Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer), shall arrange for the 
sale of the Underlying Assets in accordance with any 
Condition 13(a)(Disposal of Underlying Assets). Upon 
receipt of the sale proceeds thereof, the Issuer shall give 
not more than 30 days' notice (or such other number of 
days as may be provided in the relevant Issuance 
Document) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) of the date on which the net proceeds of such 
sale shall be applied in accordance with the relevant Order 
of Priority. 
(2) 
In the case of an Early Redemption of the Underlying 
Assets 
If the Underlying Assets are redeemed pursuant to an early 
redemption of such Underlying Assets (an "Underlying 
Early Redemption") prior to their stated Maturity Date 
(other than by reason of payment default, as referred to in 
Condition 12(a)(i) (Non-payment) or as contemplated in 
the Issuance Document) the Issuer shall forthwith give not 
more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (or such other 
number of days as may be provided in the Applicable 
Supplement or agreed by the Trustee) to the Trustee and 
the Noteholders of the date on which the net proceeds of 
such redemption shall be applied as specified in Condition 
9(b). 
(3) 
 In the case of a Credit Event 
If the Issuance Document so provides, if there has been, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event (as 
specified and defined in the applicable Issuance 
Document), the Calculation Agent shall give written 
notice thereof to the Trustee, the Issuer, each Paying Agent 
and the Counterparty. No further payment should be made 
in respect of the Notes (other than the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount). The Issuance Document shall

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
specify the basis for calculation of the amount (the "Credit 
Event Redemption Amount") payable upon redemption 
of the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b)(iii) (Credit 
Event) which shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 
15 days' notice (or such other number of days as may be 
provided in the Issuance Document or agreed by the 
Trustee) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) of the date on which payment of the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount will be made to the 
Noteholders.  
Early Redemption at the option  
of the Issuer: 
If so specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, on giving at least 5 Business Days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, redeem or exercise 
any Issuer's option in relation to, all or, if so provided, 
some only of the Notes in the manner and on the date or 
dates specified in the Issuance Document at their 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, or 
Interest Amount payable on, the date fixed for redemption. 
Early Redemption at the option  
of the Noteholder:  
(a) 
If so specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer shall, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, at the option of the holder of any such Note, 
redeem such Note on the date or dates specified in the 
Issuance Document at its Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to, or the Interest Amount payable 
on, the date fixed for redemption. 
Coupon:  
Coupons may be fixed or variable. If fixed, the Coupon Amount 
will be calculated on the basis of fixed percentage rate of the 
Principal Amount. If variable, the Coupon Amount will be 
calculated with reference to an interest rate or, in respect of 
unlisted Notes, equity, equity basket, equity index, commodity 
index or formula as provided in the Issuance Document.  
Final Redemption Amount per 
Note: 
The Issuance Document will specify the basis for calculating the 
amounts payable on the Maturity Date which will may be 
calculated by reference to an interest rate, debt, equity, equity 
basket, equity index, commodity index or formula as provided in 
the Issuance Document.  
Early Redemption Amount per 
Note: 
The proceeds from the realisation of the Underlying Assets and the 
Swap, net of any claims of parties senior to the Noteholder 
according to the Order of Priority divided by the number of 
outstanding Notes (except for the Custodian Notes).  
Order of Priority: 
Subject to the Order of Priority as set out in the Issuance 
Document: 
(1) 
Trustee and taxes 
(2) 
Agents (as defined in the Issuance Document) 
(3) 
Swap Counterparty

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(4) 
Noteholder  
(5) 
Issuer 
Early repurchase: 
 
If a Noteholder or Noteholders request repurchase by the Dealer 
and the Dealer requests the Issuer to repurchase on no less than 
one Business Day notice, the Issuer may agree in its sole discretion 
to repurchase one or more Notes on a Business Day (each, a 
"Purchase Date"). 
To effect such repurchase, on the date on which the Issuer receives 
notice of such repurchase request, the Calculation Agent will 
request the Issuer to dispose of Underlying Assets and/or request 
the Swap Counterparty make a payment under the Swap to fund 
the Buy-back Amount. 
Payment will be made to the Noteholders two Business Days after 
the Purchase Date (or such other number of days as specified in 
the Issuance Document) subject to the Issuer having received the 
proceeds of realisation of Underlying Assets and payments under 
the Swap, if applicable, one Business Day after such Purchase 
Date.  If receipt of such is delayed, the repurchase of the Notes will 
be effected within two Business Days of receipt thereof by the 
Issuer. 
If, in respect of any Notes repurchased prior to the Maturity Date, 
the Issuer subsequently receives, within 60 days of the Purchase 
Date of such Notes, further amounts from the Underlying Asset 
from the realisation of the Underlying Assets or the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap in respect of such Notes, then the 
Issuer will pay to the former Noteholders their pro rata share of 
any such amounts. Any such amounts received by the Issuer after 
such 60 days will be retained by the Issuer.  
All Notes repurchased by the Issuer may at the option of the Issuer 
be cancelled, in which case the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes shall be discharged. Absent such cancellation and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, the Notes 
repurchased by the Issuer shall be held by the Note Custodian on 
the Issuer’s behalf and become Custodian Notes. 
On each date on which Notes are repurchased by the Issuer from 
the Dealer: 
(1)  
in the case of Notes that are not cancelled as referred to 
above and continue to be held through a clearing system, 
the Dealer shall transfer, in accordance with the applicable 
clearing system’s transfer procedures, such number of 
Notes being repurchased that are held in the Dealer’s 
trading account to the Note Custodian’s client account at 
the applicable clearing system.  The applicable clearing 
system will carry out such transfer in accordance with its 
standard transfer procedures and book-entries will be 
affected within such clearing system, such that the total 
number of Notes held by the Note Custodian in the Note 
Custodian’s client account will have been increased by the 
total number of Notes by which the number of Notes held 
by the Dealer in the Dealer’s trading account (which had 
previously been transferred to the Dealer by the applicable

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
participants, in the clearing system, for the investors that 
are requesting such repurchase) have been increased. 
Such Notes transferred to the Note Custodian through the 
clearing system will, upon transfer, be treated as 
‘Custodian Notes’ and the clearing system shall note in its 
book-entries that such transferred Notes no longer have 
the rights that other Notes have.  Morgan Stanley, as both 
Dealer and as the Note Custodian shall note in its records 
(outside of the clearing system) the number of Custodian 
Notes transferred to it and the new total number of 
Custodian Notes; or 
(2) 
in the case of Notes that are not cancelled as referred to 
above and are no longer held through a clearing system 
due to the occurrence of an exchange event for exchanging 
Global Notes to Definitive Notes as set out in the Principal 
Trust Deed, the number of Notes registered in the Register 
shall be decreased (and the names of the applicable 
Noteholders removed from the Register or the size of their 
holdings decreased) and the Custodian Global Note 
marked up by the same number such that, after such 
decrease and mark-up have taken place in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Trust Deed, the total number of Custodian 
Notes will have been increased by the total number of 
Notes by which the number of Notes registered in the 
Register has decreased. 
Restrictions and covenants: 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, 
amongst other restrictions set out in the Conditions, declare any 
dividends (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or 
other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer), have any 
subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise 
acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with any other 
person, convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as 
an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the 
Conditions) or issue any shares (other than such shares as were in 
issue on 29 May 2012). 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the 
Noteholders) issue further Notes, subject to the conditions set out 
in Condition 20 (Further Issues). 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Withholding tax: 
In the event a withholding or deduction is required by law, the 
Issuer shall pay net of the relevant taxes and amounts withheld will 
be treated as having been paid to the Noteholder.   
In the case of Notes the returns on which reference U.S. equities, 
so-called “Double Withholding” may apply.  See “Withholding on 
Payments Received by the Issuer on ‘Dividend Equivalent 
Payments’ in respect of U.S. Equities; Double Withholding” 
below.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Initial delivery of Notes: 
 
The Notes of each Series will be issued in bearer form ("Bearer 
Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes"), serially 
numbered for such Series. 
Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Global 
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests 
in a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes. 
Registered Notes will initially, and for so long as an exchange 
event for exchanging Global Notes to Definitive Notes as set out 
in the Principal Trust Deed has not occurred, be held through a 
clearing system. Such Notes of a Series will initially be 
represented by interests in a Registered Global Note, registered in 
the Register in the name of a nominee for the common depositary 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common 
Depositary") and the Global Note shall be deposited with the 
Common Depositary. 
 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system. Notes will be registered in the name of nominees or a 
common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Limited Recourse and Non-
Petition: 
Each Series of Notes is issued by an Issuer on a limited recourse 
basis. 
Each Series of Notes issued by an Issuer (and relevant Series 
Assets in respect of such Series of Notes) shall be segregated from 
any other Series of Notes issued by the same Issuer (and the Series 
Assets in respect of any other Series of Notes), as specified below. 
In particular, (i) in respect of Notes issued by Alphabeta, 
segregation between various Series of Notes issued by Alphabeta 
(and relevant Series Assets) shall be based on the contractual 
provisions included in the Transaction Documents in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes and (ii) in respect of Notes issued by 
Memel acting on behalf of any of its protected cells, segregation 
between various Series of Notes issued by Memel acting on behalf 
of any of its protected cells (and relevant Series Assets) shall be 
based on statutory provisions applicable under Jersey law in 
respect of protected cell companies (as specified below) and on the 
contractual provisions included in the Transaction Documents in 
respect of the relevant Series of Notes. 
Notes issued by Memel are issued by Memel acting in respect of 
the relevant protected cell as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document. The relevant protected cell of Memel is a Jersey 
protected cell company, and holders of such Notes will only have 
recourse to the assets attributable from time to time to the relevant 
protected cell of Memel in respect of such Series of Notes. Holders 
of Notes will not have recourse to any assets attributed to any other 
protected cell of Memel other than the protected cell in respect of 
such Series of Notes or any assets held by Memel in its own 
capacity. 
The Secured Notes (other than the Secured Series Custodian 
Notes) comprise secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer. The Unsecured Notes (other than the Unsecured Series

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Custodian Notes) comprise unsecured limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer.  
In respect of a Series, the Noteholders shall have recourse only to 
the Series Assets of such Series, (subject, solely in the case of 
Secured Notes, always to the Security), and not to any other assets 
of the Issuer. Claims by Noteholders of a particular Secured Series 
(the "Secured Noteholders") and any other secured creditor will 
be limited to the Mortgaged Property of such Secured Series. 
Claims by Unsecured Noteholders of a particular Unsecured Series 
and any other unsecured creditors will be limited to the Unsecured 
Series Property of such Unsecured Series. 
If, after the Series Assets for a Series has been exhausted (in the 
case of Secured Notes, pursuant to enforcement of the Security and 
in the case of Unsecured Notes, following all necessary processes) 
and following the application of the available cash sums derived 
therefrom in accordance with Conditions and the Trust Deed, any 
outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the Notes of such 
Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding claims will be 
extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect 
thereof. 
Following such extinguishment, none of the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee (if applicable), the Noteholders or any other 
person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any 
further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum 
in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to 
any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum in 
respect of such Series. 
None of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable), the 
Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may at 
any time institute, or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, 
winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any 
of its assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with 
respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other 
instruments issued by the Issuer (save for any further notes which 
form a single series with the Notes). 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall survive 
maturity of the Notes and the expiration or termination of the Trust 
Deed. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Series, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealer. 
Governing law: 
English law. 
Listing of Notes: 
Application may be made for certain Series of Notes to be listed 
on (i) the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) or GEM, 
(ii) the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (MTF) or 
(iii) any other exchange as specified in the Issuance Document. As

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document, a Series of Notes 
may be unlisted. 
Selling restrictions: 
United States, United Kingdom, European Economic Area, 
Germany, Jersey, Ireland and any other restrictions relevant to any 
Series.  See "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
Transfer restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Notes. See Condition 2(a) 
below, and applicable selling restrictions set out in the section 
headed "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions" and any 
restrictions set out in the form of Global Notes. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of sale of the Notes of a Series and of any other 
Custodian Notes will be used by the Issuer to acquire the 
Underlying Assets.  
Extraordinary Event:  
The Condition in relation to Extraordinary Events are only 
applicable in relation to Notes linked to a single equity ("Single 
Share Note") or a basket of equities ("Share Basket Note"). 
Extraordinary 
Events 
are 
merger 
event, 
tender 
offer, 
nationalisation, insolvency and delisting.  
Index Adjustment Event:  
Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption 
Potential Adjustment Event:  
means, in respect of Single Share Notes or Share Basket Notes (in 
each case, as determined by the Determination Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion): 
(1) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of an 
Underlying Share (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or 
a free distribution or dividend of Underlying Shares to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
(2) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of 
relevant Underlying Shares of (A) such Underlying 
Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Underlying Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such an 
Underlying Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Underlying Issuer as a result of a spin off or other 
similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment 
(cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(3) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(4) 
a call by the Underlying Issuer in respect of relevant 
Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(5) 
a repurchase by an Underlying Issuer (as the case may be) 
or any of its subsidiaries of Underlying Shares, whether

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(6) 
in respect of an Underlying Issuer, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of 
the capital stock of the Underlying Issuer pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides, upon the occurrence of 
certain events, for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of 
such rights; or 
(7) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying 
Shares; 
"Related Exchange", in respect of an Index relating to 
Single Index Notes or Index Basket Notes, an Underlying 
Share relating to Single Share Notes or Share Basket Notes 
means the Exchange specified as the Relevant Exchange 
in the Applicable Supplement, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures and options 
contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Determination 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index or Underlying Shares on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange) or, if none is specified, each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Determination Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index or Underlying Shares, as the case may be; 
"Relevant Price" on any day means: 
(8) 
in respect of an Underlying Share to which a Single Share 
Note or a Share Basket Note relates, the price per 
Underlying Share determined by the Determination Agent 
in the manner provided in the Applicable Supplement as 
of the Determination Time on the relevant day, or, if no 
means for determining the Relevant Price are so provided: 
(a) in respect of any Underlying Share for which the 
Exchange is an auction or "open outcry" exchange that 
has a price as of the Determination Time at which any 
trade can be submitted for execution, the Relevant Price 
shall be the price per Underlying Share as of the 
Determination Time on the relevant day, as reported in the 
official real time price dissemination mechanism for such 
Exchange; and (b) in respect of any Underlying Share for 
which the Exchange is a dealer exchange or dealer 
quotation system, the Relevant Price shall be the mid-point 
of the highest bid and lowest ask prices quoted as of the 
Determination Time on the relevant day (or the last such

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
prices quoted immediately before the Determination 
Time) without regard to quotations that "lock" or "cross" 
the dealer exchange or dealer quotation system; and 
(9) 
in respect of an Index to which a Single Index Note or an 
Index Basket Note relates, the level of such Index 
determined by the Determination Agent as provided in the 
Applicable Supplement as of the Determination Time on 
the relevant day or, if no method for determining the 
Relevant Price is so provided, the level of the Index as of 
the Determination Time on the relevant day; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an 
Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled 
Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) except with respect 
to a Multi-exchange Index, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading 
session, and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, 
any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the Index and (ii) the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Share or Index, the period of Settlement Cycle Days 
following a trade in such Underlying Share or the 
securities underlying such Index, as the case may be, on 
the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such exchange (or, in respect of 
any Multi-exchange Index, the longest such period) and 
for this purpose "Settlement Cycle Day" means, in 
relation to a clearing system any day on which such 
clearing system is (or but for the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event would have been) open for 
acceptance and executions of settlement instructions; 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Single Share 
Note, a Share Basket Note, an Index Note or an Index 
Basket Note, the price, level or amount as determined by 
the Determination Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, in accordance with the Applicable Supplement; 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) except with respect to a 
Multi-exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange, Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Underlying Share 
on the Exchange, or, in the case of a Single Index Note or 
Index Basket Note, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating 
to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the relevant Index or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Underlying Share or the relevant Index or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Indices Interest on any relevant Related Exchange, and (b) 
with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any suspension 
of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to 
any Component on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index on the Related Exchange; 
"Underlying Issuer" means the entity that is the issuer of 
the Underlying Share specified in the Applicable 
Supplement; 
"Underlying Share" means, in relation to a particular 
Series of Notes, a share specified as such in the Applicable 
Supplement, or, in the case of a Share Basket Note, a share 
forming part of a basket of shares to which such Note 
relates; and 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
Applicable Supplement (or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8(n)(i)(B).   
Additional Disruption Event:  
Means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Loss of Stock Borrow and any further event specified as 
Additional Disruption Event in the Issuance Document. 
Consequence: Adjustment or Early Redemption

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which (subject to completion and amendment and 
as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Issuance Document and, 
save for the italicised text (other than sub-headings)) will be endorsed on each Note (whether bearer 
or registered) in definitive form. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note which is represented 
by a Global Note (whether bearer or registered) will differ in some respects from those which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form, as set out in the Global Note. Further information with 
respect to Notes of each Series will be given in the Issuance Document which will provide for those 
aspects of these terms and conditions which are applicable to those Notes.  
References in the terms and conditions to: 
(i) 
"Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme;  
(ii) 
the “Issuer” are references to the relevant Issuer in respect of the relevant Series of Notes, 
which may be Memel Capital PCC (“Memel”) acting in respect of any of its protected 
cells from time to time or Alphabeta Access Products Ltd (“Alphabeta”), as specified in 
the applicable Issuance Document in respect of the relevant Series of Notes; and 
(iii) 
the “Notes” or a “Series of Notes” are respectively references to the “Notes” or “Series 
of Notes” issued by the relevant Issuer. 
Each Issuer will be solely responsible for the Notes issued by itself and such Notes and any obligations 
in connection thereto will not be the responsibility of any other Issuer under the Programme or any 
other person. In particular, for the avoidance of doubt, an Issuer shall not be responsible for and shall 
not be subject to any obligations in respect of the Notes issued by any other Issuer under the 
Programme and shall have no rights in connection thereto. 
Noteholders in respect of a particular Series of Notes shall have recourse (within the limits provided 
for under the terms and conditions) only against the relevant Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes 
and shall have no rights in respect of any other Issuer under the Programme or any other person. 
Terms used in the Issuance Document and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings 
where used herein. References to a matter being "specified" means as the same may be specified in 
the Issuance Document: 
The Notes (as defined in Condition 1(a) (Form and Denomination) below), in the case of unsecured 
Notes ("Unsecured Notes") are constituted by and, in the case of secured Notes ("Secured Notes") 
are constituted and secured by, a principal trust deed dated on or about 1 March 2022 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Principal Trust Deed") between, inter alios, the 
Issuer specified in the Issuance Document in respect of such Notes (the "Issuer") and BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited as note trustee for the Noteholders (the "Note Trustee" which 
expression shall include all persons for the time being the note trustee or note trustees in respect of the 
Notes under the Trust Deed referred to below and shall mean, in relation to any Series of Notes, the 
persons identified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed as the Note Trustee for that Series) and, 
solely in the case of Secured Notes, in its separate capacity as security trustee for the Secured Creditors 
(the "Security Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the security 
trustee or security trustees in respect of the Notes under the Trust Deed referred to below and shall 
mean, in relation to any Series of Notes, the persons identified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed 
as the Security Trustee for that Series) as supplemented in relation to the Notes by a supplemental trust 
deed (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Supplemental Trust Deed") dated the 
Issue Date (as defined in Condition 8(o) (General Definitions) below), between the Issuer, the Note 
Trustee, the Security Trustee (in the case of a Secured Series only) and the other parties named therein 
(the Principal Trust Deed and such Supplemental Trust Deed being referred to herein as the "Trust 
Deed"). Each Series will either consist of Secured Notes and Secured Series Custodian Notes (as 
defined in Condition 3(b) (Custodian Notes) below) only (each a "Secured Series") or Unsecured

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Notes and Unsecured Series Custodian Notes (as defined in Condition 3(b) (Custodian Notes) below) 
only (each, an "Unsecured Series").  
The Notes will have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an agency agreement dated on or about 1 
March 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as issuing and paying agent (the "Issuing and Paying Agent") together with any other 
paying agent appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement in respect of the Series (each, a "Paying 
Agent"), Morgan Stanley & Co International plc as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"), 
disposal agent (the "Disposal Agent"), note custodian (the "Note Custodian"), and The Bank of New 
York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch, as registrar (the "Registrar"). 
The Issuer may also enter into a Related Agreement (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Related 
Agreements)) including an ISDA Master Agreement, Schedule and Confirmation evidencing a related 
swap transaction (the “Swap”) and credit support document (collectively, a "Swap Agreement") with 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Swap Counterparty"). 
As used herein, "Calculation Agent", "Note Custodian", "Swap Counterparty", "Disposal Agent", 
"Registrar" and "Issuing and Paying Agent" means, in relation to the Notes, the person specified in 
the Issuance Document relating to the Notes as the Calculation Agent, Note Custodian, Swap 
Counterparty, Disposal Agent, Registrar, and Issuing and Paying Agent respectively and, in each case, 
any successor to such person in such capacity. 
The Issuer has also entered into a custody agreement dated on or about 1 March 2022 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Custody Agreement") between the Issuer, the 
Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as custodian 
(the "Custodian", which expression includes any successor and any other custodian appointed in 
connection with any Notes). Under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian may appoint one or more 
sub-custodians in respect of one or more Series of Notes. 
The Notes of a Series may comprise one or more Tranches (as defined in Condition 1(d) (Fungible 
Tranches of Notes comprising a Series) below). Each Tranche will be subject to the applicable Final 
Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (each an “Issuance Document”) which will supplement these 
terms and conditions (the "Conditions") and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to 
the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purpose of that Tranche. 
Statements in the Conditions are subject to the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the other 
Transaction Documents. Copies of the Principal Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, any 
Supplementary Security Document (as defined in Condition (4) (Security) below), the Issuance 
Document, the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement are available for inspection at the 
specified offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the registered office of the Issuer as specified in the 
Issuance Document (save that, if the Notes are not admitted to the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext 
Dublin) or the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (MTF), the Issuance Document shall 
be available for inspection only by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes of the relevant Series upon 
production by such Noteholder of evidence satisfactory to the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its 
identity) and may be provided, by the Issuing and Paying Agent, by email to a Noteholder requesting 
copies of such documents, subject to the Issuing and Paying Agent being supplied by the Issuer with 
copies of such documents. 
The Noteholders (as defined in Condition 1(b) (Title to Bearer Notes and Registered Notes)) are 
entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, any Supplementary Security Document and the Issuance Document and to have notice of those 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement and any other Transaction Document 
applicable to them. 
In relation to the Notes, the Dealer Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Expenses Agreement the Custody Agreement, the Issuance Document, the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed, any Security Document, any Related Agreement (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Related

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Agreements)), the Notes of such Series and any other document(s) specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document or entered into in connection with such Series shall together be referred to as the 
"Transaction Documents". 
Any reference in these Conditions to a matter being "specified" means as the same may be specified 
in the Issuance Document. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement or 
used in the Issuance Document shall have the same meaning where used in these Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  In the event of inconsistency between 
documents, the following order shall determine which shall prevail: (a) first, the relevant Issuance 
Document, (b) second, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, (c) third, these Conditions, (d) fourth, 
the Principal Trust Deed, (e) fifth, the Agency Agreement, and (f) sixth, the Custody Agreement. 
(1) 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes of the Series of which this Note forms a part (in these Conditions, the "Notes") will 
be issued either (i) in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), serially numbered in an Authorised 
Denomination (as defined below) to the extent it has been determined that such Bearer Notes 
can be classified as being in registered form, or are not registration required obligations, for 
U.S. Federal Income tax purposes, or (ii) in registered form ("Registered Notes") in an 
Authorised Denomination or an integral multiple thereof.  
The Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note"), interests in which will be exchangeable for, as specified in the applicable 
Issuance Document, interests in a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, 
together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Bearer Global Notes" and each a "Bearer 
Global Note"), Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"), Registered Notes in 
certificated definitive form (each a "Registered Note Certificate", which will be issued to 
each Noteholder in respect of its registered holding) or a combination of Definitive Notes and 
Registered Note Certificates. The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only on the limited exchange events set out therein. Each Bearer Global Note will be 
deposited with the common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
"Common Depositary"). 
The Registered Notes will be represented on issue by Registered Note Certificates or a 
registered global note (the "Registered Global Note" and, together with the Bearer Global 
Notes, the "Global Notes"), as specified in the applicable Issuance Document.  The Registered 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Registered Note Certificates only on the limited 
exchange events set out therein.  The Registered Global Note will be deposited with, and 
registered in the name of a nominee for, the Common Depositary. 
Each subscriber shall be credited in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg with 
a number of Notes equal to the number thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. Each of 
the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the holder of the Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may 
be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations 
of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of the Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. 
"Authorised Denomination" means the currency and denomination or denominations 
specified in the Issuance Document. References herein to "Notes" shall include Bearer Notes

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
and Registered Notes,.  Bearer Notes of one Authorised Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Bearer Notes of another Authorised Denomination. 
Interest bearing Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached.  In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date or other date for redemption), Coupons 
and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. After all the Coupons attached to, or issued 
in respect of, any Bearer Note which was issued with a Talon have matured, if applicable, a 
coupon sheet comprising further Coupons (other than Coupons which would be void) and one 
further Talon, will be issued against presentation of the relevant Talon at the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent specified in the Issuance 
Document. Any Bearer Note in definitive form the principal amount of which is redeemable 
in instalments may be issued with one or more Receipts attached thereto. "Maturity Date" 
means the date specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the final date on which the 
principal amount of the Note is due and payable. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes and Registered Notes  
Title to Bearer Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons (if any) passes by delivery. Title to 
Registered Notes passes by registration in the register (the "Register") which the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar. 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
subject as provided below, "Noteholder" and (in relation to a Note, Coupon, Receipt 
or Talon) "holder" and "Holder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon, 
Receipt or Talon (as the case may be) or the person in whose name a Registered Note 
is registered, as the case may be.  The expressions "Noteholder", "holder" and 
"Holder" include the holders of instalment receipts (the "Receipts") appertaining to 
the payment of principal by instalments (if any) attached to such Notes (the 
"Receiptholders") and the holders of the coupons (the "Coupons") (if any) 
appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form (the "Couponholders"), which 
expression includes the holders of talons (the "Talons") (if any) for further coupons 
attached to such Notes (the "Talonholders"); and 
(ii) 
references to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of the relevant Series and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, units of each Authorised 
Denomination in the specified currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Bearer Global Note; and 
(d) 
any Registered Note Certificates (whether or not issued in exchange for a Registered 
Global Note). 
(c) 
Entitlement to treat holder as absolute owner 
The holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon will (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the relevant Bearer Note or 
Registered Note Certificate, or its theft or loss or any express or constructive notice of any claim 
by any other person of any interest therein other than, in the case of a Registered Note, a duly 
executed transfer of such Note in the form endorsed on the Registered Note Certificate in 
respect thereof) and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
(d) 
Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
A Series of Notes may comprise a number of tranches (each a "Tranche"), which will be 
issued on identical terms save for the Issue Date and, as the case may be, the first interest 
payment.  Notes of different Tranches of the same Series will be consolidated with each other 
and form a single Series, except as set forth in the relevant Issuance Document.  If a further 
Tranche (a "Further Tranche") is issued in respect of a Series under which a Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes have already been issued (an "Original Tranche" or "Original 
Tranches"), the pool of assets (the "Further Underlying Assets") relating to such Further 
Tranche will be consolidated with or otherwise equivalent to the Underlying Assets (as defined 
in Condition 4 (Security)) for the Original Tranche or Original Tranches and the Related 
Agreement (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Related Agreements) below) for the Original 
Tranche or Original Tranches will be amended to apply to both the Original Tranche or 
Original Tranches and such Further Tranche.  It is not a requirement that any Tranche of Notes 
be fungible with any other tranche of Notes of the same Series for any legal, tax or other 
purpose.   
(2) 
Exchanges of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes  
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(e) (Closed Periods) but only if so specified in the Issuance 
Document, Bearer Notes may be exchanged, at the expense of the transferor Noteholder, for 
the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes at the written request of the relevant 
Noteholder and upon surrender of the Bearer Note to be exchanged together with all unmatured 
Coupons, Receipts and Talons relating to it (if any) at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Paying Agent. Where, however, a Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 10(b) (Registered Notes)) for any payment of interest or 
Interest Amount (as defined in Condition 8(o) (General Definitions)), the Coupon in respect 
of that payment of interest or Interest Amount need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes  
Subject to Condition 2(e) (Closed periods), a Registered Note may be transferred upon the 
surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificate, together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar provided, 
however, that any such Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Registered Notes proposed to be transferred and the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Notes proposed to be retained by the relevant transferor is each in an Authorised 
Denomination or a multiple thereof.  In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued upon exchange of Bearer Notes or transfer 
of Registered Notes will, within three business days (in the place of the specified office of the 
Registrar) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery 
at the specified office of the Registrar stipulated in the request for exchange or form of transfer, 
or be mailed at the risk of the Noteholder entitled to the Registered Note Certificate to such 
address as may be specified in such request or form of transfer.  For these purposes, a form of 
transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar after the Record Date in respect of 
any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received 
by the Registrar until the business day following the due date for such payment. 
(d) 
Exchange at the expense of Transferor Noteholder 
Registration of Notes on exchange or transfer will be effected at the expense of the transferor 
Noteholder by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar, and upon payment of (or the giving

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No transfer of a Registered Note to be registered, or a Bearer Note to be exchanged for a 
Registered Note may occur during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any 
payment of principal, interest or Redemption Amount (as defined below) on that Note. 
(3) 
Status and Instructing Creditor 
(a) 
Status 
(i) 
The Notes, Coupons and Receipts (if any) are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse). The Notes may be secured or unsecured (as specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document) and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. 
(ii) 
The Secured Notes of each Secured Series (other than Secured Series Custodian Notes) 
will be secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and secured in the manner described in Condition 4 
(Mortgaged Property). 
(iii) 
The Unsecured Notes of each Unsecured Series (other than the Unsecured Series 
Custodian Notes) will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, will not be secured and will have the rights 
described in Condition (5) (Unsecured Series Property).  Recourse in respect of any 
Unsecured Series will be limited to the Unsecured Series Property in respect of that 
Unsecured Series. 
(b) 
Custodian Notes 
(i) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer will repurchase the number of Notes stated in the Issuance 
Document from the Dealer at their issue price.  The Notes so repurchased by the Issuer 
(the "Custodian Notes") will be held by the Note Custodian on behalf of the Issuer on 
or about the date in which they are repurchased.  Custodian Notes carry no voting 
rights, do not bear interest and no amount of interest or principal is payable thereon 
and are not secured by any property. 
(ii) 
Custodian Notes in respect of Secured Notes are referred to as "Secured Series 
Custodian Notes".  Custodian Notes in respect of Unsecured Notes are referred to as 
"Unsecured Series Custodian Notes". 
(c) 
Conditions Precedent to sale of Notes after the Issue Date 
On any Business Day after the Issue Date of a Series the Issuer may sell, via the Dealer, to 
existing or new Noteholders further Notes in such Series on an Underlying Asset Subscription 
Date (by transferring Custodian Notes which upon transfer will become Notes with all the 
rights that the other Notes have), subject to the following conditions and provided that: 
(i) 
the proceeds of sale of such Custodian Notes are applied to purchase Underlying Assets 
("Further Underlying Assets") which are fungible with the Underlying Assets 
purchased by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Series of Notes and/or in deliveries 
or payments of amounts under the Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
any corresponding payments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Swap being made in 
connection with Condition 3(c)(i);

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that the Issuer is expected on the next Underlying 
Asset Subscription Date to have a sufficient number of Custodian Notes available for 
purchase to meet each individual Noteholder's request; 
(iv) 
the Subscription Conditions Precedent have been satisfied; and 
(v) 
the Requested Fungible Notional is equal to or greater than the US$ equivalent (or the 
equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 (or such other greater amount 
as may be agreed between the Calculation Agent and the Dealer). 
On a Business Day on which the Dealer has requested the sale of Custodian Notes, the Issuer 
will direct the Note Custodian to sell to the Dealer for on-sale to the existing or new 
Noteholders and the Dealer will agree to purchase on the following Underlying Asset 
Subscription Date such number of Custodian Notes as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion may determine considering the purchase price of the Further Underlying Assets and 
the Custodian Note Price, and the Dealer will pay to the Note Custodian no later than 2pm on 
the date falling two Business Days prior to such Underlying Asset Subscription Date an 
amount equal to the aggregate Requested Fungible Notional and the Note Custodian will remit 
such amount promptly to the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty, if applicable, on behalf of 
the Issuer. 
The Custodian Notes being sold will be sold to the Dealer at the Custodian Note Price as of 
the relevant Underlying Asset Subscription Date and will cease to be Custodian Notes as of 
such date. 
If the product of the total number of Custodian Notes sold to the Dealer as of any Underlying 
Asset Subscription Date, and Custodian Note Price as of the relevant Underlying Asset 
Subscription Date is less than an amount in the equivalent currency of the aggregate Requested 
Fungible Notional (such difference, a "Balancing Amount"), then any Balancing Amount due 
to the Dealer on behalf of the Noteholders shall be retained by the Issuer. 
In this Condition 3(c), the following terms have the meanings given below: 
"Custodian Note Price" means, on any date on which such price is to be determined, an 
amount per Note equal to the price of the Underlying Assets held by the Issuer in respect of 
such Series of Notes, referenced by the Swap, as the case may be. 
"Requested Fungible Notional" means, in relation to an Underlying Asset Subscription Date, 
the aggregate value of the Notes which the Dealer wishes to purchase per Noteholder on an 
Underlying Asset Subscription Date. 
"Subscription Conditions Precedent" means the conditions precedent to the issue of the 
Notes and purchase of Custodian Notes on an Underlying Asset Subscription Date as set out 
in the Dealer Agreement. 
"Underlying Asset Subscription Date" means in relation to a request for sale of further Notes 
to the Dealer, the second Business Day following the date on which such request has been 
received by the Issuer. 
(d) 
Instructing Creditor 
In respect of any Series of Notes, the "Instructing Creditor" shall be the Noteholders 
whereby any instruction to the Note Trustee to take the relevant action is by either (i) a request 
in writing of the holders of at least one fifth in principal amount of the Notes of such Series 
then outstanding or (ii) by means of an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders. 
Having received such a request from the Instructing Creditor, the Note Trustee shall be entitled 
to act in accordance with such request and shall not be obliged to consider the interests of any 
other creditors.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
The Security (as defined in Condition 4 (Security)) will become enforceable upon the Note 
Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice (as defined in Condition (12) (Events of Default)) to 
the Issuer in respect of that Series subsequent to the occurrence of an Event of Default or as 
otherwise provided in the Trust Deed. 
The Note Trustee shall not be bound to give any Enforcement Notice in respect of any Series 
of Notes, to enforce payment of any amount due and payable under or pursuant to the Notes 
of any Series or otherwise to take any steps or institute any proceedings against the Issuer or 
any other party to the Transaction Documents or to instruct the Security Trustee to take such 
steps or proceedings, to enforce the Security or to take any other action under the Transaction 
Documents unless it shall have been so requested by the Instructing Creditor in relation to such 
Series and has been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Note Trustee will act only at and in accordance with the directions of the Instructing 
Creditor in respect of such Series, and shall not incur any Liability in so doing. The Security 
Trustee will not, and will not be bound to, take any steps, institute any proceedings, exercise 
any of its rights, authorities or discretions and/or take any other action under or in connection 
with any of the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, enforcing the Security) 
unless (i) it has been directed to do so by the Note Trustee or, if there are no Notes outstanding, 
any other Secured Creditor (each, an "Instructing Party") and (ii) it has been secured and/or 
pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(e) 
Related Agreements 
In connection with the issue of the Notes of any Series, the Issuer will, if so specified in the 
Issuance Document, enter into a swap agreement, swap transaction or other hedging agreement 
or option agreement or any letter of credit, guarantee or other credit support or credit 
enhancement document or other financial arrangement (each a "Related Agreement") with 
one or more counterparties (each a "Counterparty"). 
(4) 
Security 
If it is stated in the Issuance Document that the Notes are Secured Notes then, unless otherwise 
specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will provide that the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons and Receipts (if any) of a Series appertaining thereto to 
the Note Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Secured Noteholders and to the 
Security Trustee, the Agents, the Dealer, the Arranger, the Swap Counterparty, and each other 
entity to whom Secured Obligations are owed by the Issuer as specified in the Supplemental 
Trust Deed (collectively, the "Secured Creditors") are secured by security interests (governed 
by English law and/or the law of any other specified relevant jurisdiction) over certain 
Underlying Assets as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (the "Underlying 
Assets" which expression shall include any substitute Underlying Assets and exclude any 
replaced Underlying Assets pursuant to a substitution in accordance with Condition 6(d) 
(Substitution of Underlying Assets) (if applicable)), any relevant Related Agreement, the 
Issuer's rights in and to the Custody Account and Cash Account, and such other assets as are 
specified in the Issuance Document or the Supplemental Trust Deed on which the Notes of a 
Series are secured (the "Mortgaged Property"). 
The security created by the Supplemental Trust Deed may be supplemented by such further 
security documents (each a "Supplementary Security Document" and, together with the 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the "Security Documents") as may, from time to time, be required 
in respect of each Series and as specified in the Issuance Document (the security interests 
created under the Security Documents together, the "Security"). 
Cash amounts generated by the Mortgaged Property will be utilised by the Issuer in making 
payments due in respect of the Secured Notes (other than Secured Series Custodian Notes). 
(5) 
Unsecured Series Property

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
If it is stated in the Issuance Document that the Notes are Unsecured Notes then, unless 
otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will provide that the 
obligations of the Issuer to the Note Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Unsecured 
Noteholders are not secured and instead the Unsecured Notes (other than the Unsecured Series 
Custodian Notes) of an Unsecured Series will have recourse for their payment to inter alia the 
contractual rights of the Issuer in respect of the Unsecured Series Property (as defined in the 
relevant Issuance Document). 
Cash flows generated by the Unsecured Series Property will be utilised by the Issuer in making 
payments due in respect of the Unsecured Notes (other than the Unsecured Series Custodian 
Notes) though no security will be taken over any such Unsecured Series Property. 
(6) 
Realisation of the Underlying Assets upon enforcement or Underlying Disposal Event 
(a) 
Subject to the Issuance Document in respect of a Series of Notes, in the event of: 
(i) 
in the case of Secured Notes, the security created by the Security Documents becoming 
enforceable as provided in Condition (12) (Events of Default), the Security Trustee 
shall have the right to enforce its rights under the Security Documents in relation to the 
relevant Mortgaged Property only acting on the instructions of the Instructing Party; or 
(ii) 
an Underlying Disposal Event (as defined in Condition 9(b) (Mandatory Redemption)), 
the Disposal Agent shall arrange for and administer the sale of the relevant Underlying 
Assets, 
but in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having 
regard to the effect thereof on, or being required to account for such action to, any Secured 
Creditor or Noteholder, provided that the Security Trustee shall not be required to take any 
action that would involve the Security Trustee in any liability or expense unless instructed by 
the Instructing Party and previously indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. 
(b) 
Application of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the Issuance 
Document in respect of the relevant Series of Notes, all monies received by the Security 
Trustee on an enforcement of the Security (in respect of a Series of Secured Notes) or by the 
Note Trustee upon realisation of the Unsecured Series Property (in respect of the Unsecured 
Notes), or otherwise received by the Security Trustee or the Note Trustee in respect of a Series 
of Notes shall be held on trust for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Note Trustee itself, the 
Security Trustee itself and/or the other Secured Creditors (as applicable) to be applied in 
accordance with the following priority of payments: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities, and 
any other amounts (including by way of indemnity or reimbursement), incurred by the 
Note Trustee and/or any Note Trustee Appointee and, in the case of the Secured Notes, 
the Security Trustee, any receiver and/or any other Security Trustee Appointee in 
relation to the relevant Series in preparing and executing the trusts under the Trust 
Deed in relation to the Notes and in carrying out their functions under the Trust Deed 
including any taxes required to be paid, the Note Trustee's and/or the Security Trustee's 
remuneration and (solely in the case of Secured Notes) the costs of realising any 
security to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement; 
(ii) 
secondly, pro rata to the respective amounts then due, to pay the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities, and any other amounts (including by way of indemnity or 
reimbursement), incurred by the Agents in carrying out their functions under the 
Agency Agreement and/or the Custody Agreement, in each case, to the extent not paid 
pursuant to the Expenses Agreement;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(iii) 
thirdly: 
(a) 
if "Counterparty Priority" is specified in the Issuance Document: 
(i) 
first, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of each Swap Counterparty 
under the Related Agreement(s); 
(ii) 
secondly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts. If the monies received by the Note Trustee or, 
as the case may be, the Security Trustee are not enough to pay such 
amounts in full, the Note Trustee or, as the case may be, the Security 
Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each 
holder of Notes, Coupons and Receipts entitled to such payment; and 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(b) 
if "Noteholder Priority" is specified in the Issuance Document: 
(i) 
first, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts. If the monies received by the Note Trustee or, 
as the case may be, the Security Trustee are not enough to pay such 
amounts in full, the Note Trustee or, as the case may be, the Security 
Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each 
holder of Notes, Coupons and Receipts entitled to such payment; and 
(ii) 
secondly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of each Swap 
Counterparty under the relative Related Agreement(s); and 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(c) 
If "Other Priority" is specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the 
Issuance Document relating to such Series, the Note Trustee or, as the case may 
be, the Security Trustee shall apply all monies received by it under the 
provisions of the Principal Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed relating 
to such Series in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the Security 
constituted thereby, as set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed and the Issuance 
Document relating to such Series. 
(c) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds 
If the net proceeds of (i) in the case of Secured Notes, the Security being enforced and 
liquidated in accordance with the Security Documents or (ii) in the case of Unsecured Notes, 
the liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property are not sufficient, after payment of the claims 
(if any) ranking in priority to the Notes, to cover all payments due in respect of the Notes, the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be limited to such net proceeds and such 
net proceeds shall be applied in accordance with the Trust Deed and no other assets of the 
Issuer will be available for any further payments in respect of the Notes.  The right to receive 
any further payments in respect of any shortfall remaining after enforcement of the Security 
or liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property, as applicable, and application of the proceeds 
thereof in accordance with the Trust Deed shall be extinguished and failure to make any 
payment in respect of any shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition (12) (Events of Default)). 
(d) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets 
If specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may from time to time, upon approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders to the Issuer or otherwise in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the relevant Issuance Document, substitute alternative assets for such of 
the Underlying Assets as the Issuer may deem appropriate. Any such alternative assets will 
become Underlying Assets and will be subject to the security interests created in favour of the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Note Trustee and/or Security Trustee (as applicable) as set out or contemplated in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed.  The Issuer (in the case of a Series admitted to listing on the Irish 
Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin), the Global Market of the Gibraltar Stock Exchange (MTF) 
or such other stock exchange (as the case may be)) shall prepare such documents as may be 
required (if any) which shall be lodged with such stock exchange, setting out details of such 
substitution (including, without limitation, the alternative Underlying Assets) to the extent that 
such is required pursuant to the rules of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and, 
in any event, shall notify the Noteholders thereof (and other Secured Creditors) in accordance 
with Condition (18) (Notices). 
(7) 
Issuer restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, save to the extent permitted 
or contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the transaction documents in respect of the 
Issuer's other programmes ("Alternative Programme Agreements"): 
(i) 
use, invest, sell, transfer, exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or dispose of, 
or otherwise deal with, any of its property or assets or any interest therein or grant any 
option or right to acquire the same or agree or attempt or purport to do any of the same; 
(ii) 
lend money; 
(iii) 
purchase, own lease or otherwise acquire any real or heritable property (including 
office premises or like facilities); 
(iv) 
(1) create or permit to exist upon or effect any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
encumbrance whether fixed, floating or otherwise, upon the whole or any part of its 
property or assets, present and future other than in any case as may arise by operation 
of law or (2) sign, file or register under applicable law any mortgage, debenture or the 
like which names the Issuer as debtor, or sign or enter into any security agreement 
authorising any secured party thereunder to file or register such mortgage, debenture 
or the like, except, in relation to (1) and (2) above in the case of the Secured Notes, any 
such instrument solely securing the rights and preserving the security of the Security 
Trustee on behalf of the secured creditors; 
(v) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or 
person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to 
satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(vi) 
consolidate with or merge with or into any other person or convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially in their entirety to any person; 
(vii) 
have, form or cause to be formed any subsidiary or have any employees or premises;  
(viii) 
issue any further shares in the Issuer, or issue any warrants or options in respect of 
shares in the Issuer, of securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares in the 
Issuer; 
(ix) 
issue any Notes in respect of which the recourse of the Noteholders is not limited to 
Series property (as defined in the relevant Conditions and Issuance Document); 
(x) 
declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other 
series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make any other distribution to the 
holders of any of its shares; 
(xi) 
open, operate or have an interest in any bank account relating to the Notes, save as may 
be contemplated by the Transaction Documents;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(xii) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of any of the Transaction Documents, or, in the case 
of Secured Notes, the priority of the security interests created thereby, to be amended, 
terminated or discharged, or consent to any variation of, or exercise of any powers of 
consent or waiver pursuant to the terms of, the Trust Deed, these Conditions or any of 
the other Transaction Documents, or permit any party to any of the Transaction 
Documents or, in the case of Secured Notes, any other person whose obligations form 
part of the Security to be released from such obligations, or, in the case of Secured 
Notes, dispose of any interest in any of the Security; 
(xiii) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents; or 
(xiv) 
engage in any activity that could cause it to become subject to any tax on its income in 
any jurisdiction, other than at a rate of zero per cent (other than U.S. withholding tax 
on its income to the extent the cost of such tax is borne by the holders of Notes pursuant 
to so-called Double Withholding (as defined below), if such Double Withholding is 
indicated as applicable in the Issuance Document). 
Where a Note (a “Section 871(m) Note”) is subject to withholding under Section 
871(m), the Issuer will typically also be subject to an additional 30% withholding tax 
on the income it earns on the assets that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure under the 
Section 871(m) Note.  To offset the potential cost of such withholding, the Issuer will 
assess an additional 30% charge against gross amounts of dividend equivalent 
payments made on such Section 871(m) Notes.  This 30% charge is referred to herein 
as “Double Withholding” and will be in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed 
under Section 871(m) itself. The amount of income that will be withheld under section 
871(m) will be computed without regard to any double withholding.  Further, for 
simplicity, Double Withholding will be computed as 30% of the dividend equivalent 
payments made on a Section 871(m) Note Security without any attempt to determine 
the specific amount that was withheld on the Issuer’s assets attributable to the hedging 
of any particular Section 871(m) Note. Thus, the total amount that is effectively 
withheld will be 60% of any dividend equivalents payments.  The Double Withholding 
likely will (and a portion of the withholding under Section 871(m) may) be treated as 
an adjustment to the amount payable on the Note Security and not as a withholding tax 
for U.S. and non-U.S tax purposes, such as determining the amount of any foreign tax 
credit. 
In giving any consent to the foregoing in respect of Notes, the Note Trustee may require the 
Issuer to make such modifications or additions to the provisions of any of the Transaction 
Documents (and may itself consent thereto on behalf of the Noteholders) or may impose such 
other conditions or requirements as the Note Trustee may deem expedient (in its absolute 
discretion) in the interests of the Noteholders and may rely on any written confirmation from 
the Issuer as to the matters contained therein. Any modification or additions to the provisions 
of any of the Transaction Documents shall be binding on the Noteholders of such Series. 
The Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the 
Issuer in relation to any matter relating to such restrictions and to accept without liability 
any such certificate as sufficient evidence of the relevant fact or matter in question. 
(8) 
Calculation of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount and provisions relating to 
Equity-Linked Notes  
The Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amount, as applicable, in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined in accordance with this Condition 8 (Calculation of Interest Amount and 
Redemption Amount and provisions relating to Equity-Linked Notes), as further specified in 
the applicable Issuance Document. Such amounts are intended to reflect the proceeds of the 
Underlying Assets and/or arising from the Swap Agreement, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes and are subject to Condition 14 (Limited Recourse).

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 8(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) is applicable only if the Issuance Document 
specifies the Notes as "Fixed Rate Notes". 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Principal Amount (or as otherwise specified in the 
Issuance Document) from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the Fixed Interest 
Rate, such interest being payable in arrear (unless otherwise specified in the Issuance 
Document) on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 8(o) (General 
Definitions)). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the Issuance Document, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified, and in the case of the Broken 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Issuance 
Document. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or the Issuance Document is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then if the Business Day Convention specified in the Issuance 
Document is: 
(i) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day;  
(iii) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
(iv) 
the "FRN Convention", the "Floating Rate Convention" or the "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of 
months specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Specified Period (as defined 
in the relevant Issuance Document) after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; or 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" or "Unadjusted" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted 
in accordance with any Business Day Convention.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(c) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 8(c) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) is applicable only if the Issuance 
Document specifies the Notes as "Floating Rate Notes". 
(i) 
(Interest)  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its Principal Amount (or as otherwise 
specified in the Issuance Document) from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Interest Rate (as determined in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Interest 
Rate on Floating Rate Notes)) (unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document) 
on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 8(o) (General Definitions)). 
(ii) 
(Screen Rate Determination)  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(c)(iv) (Provisions specific to SOFR as 
Reference Rate), Condition 8(c)(v) (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 
Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuation or Prohibition on Use), 
where such provisions are specified to apply in the Issuance Document, Condition 8(e) 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 8(f) (General Fallback 
Arrangements), if "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the Issuance Document 
as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period or any relevant day (each a "Relevant 
Day") will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Issuance Document) the Margin (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document in relation to such Screen Rate) and multiplied by the 
Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issuance Document in 
relation to such Screen Rate). 
The "Screen Rate" applicable to the Notes for an Interest Period or a Relevant Day 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Page displays a rate which is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Rate 
which appears on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Relevant Rates which appear on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Relevant Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant 
Day to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Relevant Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by three major

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by 
the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Relevant Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period or for a Relevant Day and in 
the Representative Amount; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period or 
Relevant Day, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period or Relevant Day. 
(iii) 
(ISDA Determination)  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(c)(iv) (Provisions specific to SOFR as 
Reference Rate), Condition 8(c)(v) (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 
Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuation or Prohibition on Use), 
where such provisions are specified to apply in the Issuance Document, Condition 8(e) 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 8(f) (General Fallback 
Arrangements), if "ISDA Determination" is specified in the Issuance Document as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate(s) 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction as if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Issuance Document; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the Specified Duration; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (1) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based 
on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of 
that Interest Period or (2) in any other case, as specified in the Issuance 
Document. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes)  "Floating Rate", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
them in the ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") and as amended and updated as of the first date of issue of Notes 
of the relevant Series. 
(iv) 
(Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate)  
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issuance Document 
as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SOFR 
is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the SOFR Accrued Interest 
Compounding Factor plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issuance 
Document) the Margin (as specified in the relevant Issuance Document), 
subject to a minimum of zero per cent.. 
(B) 
With respect to any Interest Period, the "SOFR Accrued Interest 
Compounding Factor" means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment computed in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
 
where:  
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
 "i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
"SOFRi", for any day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means a reference 
rate equal to SOFR in respect of that day.  
"ni" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period on 
which the rate is SOFRi. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
For these calculations, the interest rate in effect on any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day will be the applicable rate as reset on that date. The 
interest rate applicable to any other day is the interest rate from the 
immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating SOFR with respect to the final Interest Period, 
the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date.  
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day:  
(1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as provided by the New York Federal Reserve, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or  
(2) if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (1), unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website; or  
(3) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions of Condition 8(e)(8) below will apply.  
"New York Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
"New York Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
source. 
(v) 
(Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate)  
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issuance Document 
as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SONIA 
is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SONIA Benchmark plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issuance Document) the Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document), subject to a minimum of zero per 
cent.. 
(B) 
The "SONIA Benchmark" will be determined based on either SONIA 
Compound with Lookback or SONIA Compound with Observation Period 
Shift, as follows: 
(1) if SONIA Compound with Lookback ("SONIA Compound with 
Lookback") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issuance Document, the 
SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SONIA rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period, compounded 
daily in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):  
 
 
where:  
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; "i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day ("i+1");  
"Lookback Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Issuance Document;  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and  
"SONIAi-pLBD" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling a 
number of London Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of 
Lookback Days. 
(2) if SONIA Compound Observation Period Shift ("SONIA Compound 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issuance 
Document, the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the value of the SONIA rates for each day during the relevant Observation 
Period, compounded daily in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
 
where:  
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such Interest 
Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document;  
"Relevant Screen Page" or "Relevant Screen Pages" means the Bloomberg 
Page or the Reuters Screen (or both) specified as the Relevant Screen Page or 
the Relevant Screen Pages in the relevant Issuance Document; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each 
case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and  
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
(vi) 
(Linear Interpolation)  
In respect of any Notes for which the Floating Rate Notes are applicable, if "Linear 
Interpolation" is specified to be applicable in respect of any Interest Period, the 
Floating Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to: 
(A) 
if Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Interest 
Rate is to be determined, two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time, for which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time, for which rates are available, next longer than the 
length of such Interest Period; and 
(B) 
if ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate is to be determined, two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time, for which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next longer than 
the length of such Interest Period. 
(d) 
Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use:  
If (i) Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) does not apply and (ii) the 
applicable Issuance Document specifies that the provisions of this Condition 8(d) (Relevant 
Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable, then, notwithstanding 
the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR 
which is addressed in Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) below), 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
(iv) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark, then the Calculation Agent 
may use, as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each future Interest 
Determination Date (or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates benchmark 
determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the 
Issuance Document for this purpose (an "Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate"), such Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the 
Issuance Document, the alternative reference rate, index or 
benchmark selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or 
working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index 
currency that is consistent with accepted market practice (the rate 
determined under sub-paragraph (A) above or this sub-paragraph (B), 
the "Alternative Rate"). 
The Calculation Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to 
the Alternative Rate or the Margin (which may include the addition of an adjustment spread, 
which may be positive or negative, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark with the Alternative Rate), as well as the applicable Business 
Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related 
provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market 
practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such Alternative 
Rate exists on the relevant date, it may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine an 
alternative rate to be used as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark (which shall be the 
"Alternative Rate" for the purposes of these provisions), as well as any adjustments to the 
Margin (including any adjustment spread), the Business Day Convention, the Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions in 
respect of the Notes, in each case, that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use 
of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. 
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), to 
Noteholders to inform them of the occurrence of any of events listed in Conditions 8(d)(i) to 
8(d)(iii) above, the Alternative Rate and any adjustment determinations which will apply to the 
Notes. The notice shall also confirm the effective date of the Alternative Rate and any 
adjustments. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 8(d), if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the selection of a particular index, benchmark or other price as an "Alternative Rate" (taking 
into account any necessary adjustments that would need to be made in accordance with this 
Condition 8(d)) (1) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation; or (2) 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements; or (3) would result in the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent being considered to be administering a benchmark, 
index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to material additional 
regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Calculation Agent shall not 
select such index, benchmark or price source as the Alternative Rate.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, 
determine that the Notes shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so determines that 
the Notes shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice 
to the Noteholders to redeem the Notes and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of 
each Note an amount equal to either: 
(A) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issuance Document, the fair market value 
of such Note, on such date as is selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before 
the date fixed for redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to 
that Notes of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/ or any Affiliate of, or the 
loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or  
(B) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issuance Document, the fair market value of such 
Note, on such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date 
fixed for redemption of the Note), as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
(e) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event: 
This Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) applies where the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect 
of any determination of the Benchmark on any date (in the case of U.S. dollar LIBOR 
prior to the Reference Time), the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on 
such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the Issuer’s or its 
designee’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(f) 
General Fallback Arrangements 
Notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, and unless the applicable 
Issuance Document specifies that the provisions of Condition 8(d) (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) apply or unless Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) applies,

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(i) 
if the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or other similar 
interbank rate and such Relevant Rates Benchmark has been permanently discontinued, 
or 
(ii) 
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR which 
is addressed at Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) above), upon the 
occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer representative, 
the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for such Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for 
each future Interest Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central 
bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or 
working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent 
with accepted market practice (the "Alternative Rate"). The Calculation Agent will, after 
consultation with the Issuer, make such adjustments to the Alternative Rate or the Margin, as 
well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related 
provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market 
practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. However, 
in the case of EURIBOR only, if the Calculation Agent determines, after consultation with the 
Issuer, that no such Alternative Rate exists on the relevant date, it shall make a determination, 
after consultation with the Issuer, of an alternative rate as a substitute for EURIBOR, for debt 
obligations such as the Notes, as well as the Margin, the Business Day Convention and the 
Interest Determination Dates in respect of the Notes, that is consistent with accepted market 
practice. 
(g) 
Interest on Equity-Linked Notes 
If the Issuance Document specifies that the interest payable will be Equity-Linked, the Interest 
Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period and/or the applicable Interest Amount 
will be determined in the manner specified in the Issuance Document. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rates 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Issuance 
Document, then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes 
The Interest Rate for any overdue principal in respect of a Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the figure expressed to be the amortisation 
yield (the "Amortisation Yield") shown on the face of the Note or in the Issuance Document 
(as well after as before judgment) up to the Relevant Date. 
(j) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer, or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent (as applicable) (acting on behalf of the Issuer), in which event 
interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the 
manner provided in this Condition (8) (Calculation of Interest Amount and Redemption 
Amount and provisions relating to Equity-Linked Notes) to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 9(d) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(k) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified):

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up); 
and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Japanese yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese yen.  For these purposes, "unit" means, 
with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means 0.01 euro. 
(l) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for each Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the 
Principal Amount outstanding of such Note during that Interest Period by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the Issuance 
Document, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Period will equal such Interest Amount. 
(m) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, 
the Calculation Agent will (A) determine the Interest Rate and calculate the amount of interest 
payable (the "Interest Amounts") in respect of each Authorised Denomination of Notes for 
the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain 
such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and (B) cause the 
Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Note Trustee, the Issuer, the 
Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock 
exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) (in case of notification to such stock exchange) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination.  
The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition (10) (Payments), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made unless otherwise required by the Note Trustee.  The determination of each 
Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of 
each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(n) 
Provisions relating to Equity-Linked Notes 
This Condition 8(n) (Provisions relating to Equity-Linked Notes) is applicable only in relation 
to Notes specified in the Issuance Document as being Single Share Notes, Share Basket Notes, 
Single Index Notes or Index Basket Notes and where "Equity-Linked" Interest and/or "Equity-
Linked" Redemption is specified as "Applicable" in the Issuance Document.  
(i) 
Valuation, Market Disruption and Averaging Dates:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
(A) 
If any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable) 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Single Index Note or Single Share Note, the Valuation 
Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable) shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation Date 
or Scheduled Determination Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day.  
In that case, (1) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable), notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion: 
(I) 
in respect of a Single Index Note, the level of the Index as of 
the Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security or other property comprised in 
the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Determination Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day); and 
(II) 
in respect of a Single Share Note, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the Underlying Share as of the Determination 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day; 
(b) 
in the case of an Index Basket Note, the Valuation Date, Observation 
Date or Determination Date (as applicable) for each Index not affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation 
Date, Scheduled Observation Date or Scheduled Determination Date 
(as applicable), and for each Index affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to that Index, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation Date or Scheduled 
Determination Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day relating to that 
Index.  In that case, (1) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination 
Date (as applicable) for the relevant Index, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the level of that Index as 
of the Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Determination Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, 
its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Determination Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(c) 
in the case of a Share Basket Note, the Valuation Date, Observation 
Date or Determination Date (as applicable) for each Underlying Share 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation Date or Scheduled 
Determination Date (as applicable), and for each Underlying Share 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to that Underlying Share, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled 
Observation Date or Scheduled Determination Date (as applicable) is 
a Disrupted Day relating to that Underlying Share.  In that case, (1) that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date for the relevant Underlying Share, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, its good faith estimate of 
the value for that Underlying Share as of the Determination Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day. 
(B) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a 
Determination Date; 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disruption Day would have been an 
Observation Date; and 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a 
Valuation Date. 
(C) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the Issuance Document as being applicable, 
then, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, the following 
provisions will apply to the valuation of the relevant Index, Underlying Share, 
Basket of Indices or Basket of Shares in relation to a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of each Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable), each date 
specified or otherwise determined as provided in the Issuance 
Document (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
(b) 
For purposes of determining the Settlement Price in relation to a 
Valuation Date, the Settlement Price will be: 
(I) 
in respect of a Single Index Note or a Single Share Note, the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the Index or the 
Underlying Shares (as the case may be) on each Averaging 
Date; 
(II) 
in respect of an Index Basket Note, the arithmetic mean of the 
amounts for the Basket of Indices determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
provided in the Issuance Document as of the relevant 
Determination Time(s) on each Averaging Date or, if no 
means for determining the Settlement Price are so provided, 
the arithmetic mean of the amounts for the Basket calculated

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
on each Averaging Date as the sum of the Relevant Prices of 
each Index comprised in the Basket (weighted or adjusted in 
relation to each Index as provided in the Issuance Document); 
and 
(III) 
in respect of a Share Basket Note, the arithmetic mean of the 
amounts for the Basket of Shares determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
provided in the Issuance Document as of the relevant 
Determination Time(s) on each Averaging Date or, if no 
means for determining the Settlement Price is so provided, the 
arithmetic mean of the amounts for the Basket calculated on 
each Averaging Date as the sum of the values calculated for 
the Underlying Shares of each Underlying Issuer as the 
product of (1) the Relevant Price of such Underlying Share and 
(2) the number of such Underlying Shares comprised in the 
Basket.  
(c) 
If an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then if, in relation to 
"Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in the 
Issuance Document is: 
(I) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to 
be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur 
with respect to the relevant Valuation Date, Observation Date 
or Determination Date (as applicable), then Condition 
n)(i)(A)
8(
 will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect 
of that Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination 
Date (as applicable) as if such final Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable) that was a Disrupted Day; 
(II) 
"Postponement", then Condition 8(n)(i)(A) will apply for the 
purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on 
that Averaging Date, Observation Date or Determination Date 
(as applicable) as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date 
would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the relevant Notes; or 
(III) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(1) 
in the case of a Single Index Note or a Single Share 
Note, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date.  If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Determination Time on the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date in relation to the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation 
Date 
or 
Scheduled 
Determination 
Date 
(as 
applicable), then (A) that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the relevant level or price for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with (x) in the case of 
a Single Index Note, Condition 8(n)(i)(A)(a)(I) and (y) 
in the case of a Single Share Note, Condition 
8(n)(i)(A)(a)(II); 
(2) 
in the case of an Index Basket Note or a Share Basket 
Note, the Averaging Date for each Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be) not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date 
specified in the Issuance Document as an Averaging 
Date in relation to the relevant Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable), and the Averaging Date for an Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be) affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be).  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index or 
Underlying Share (as the case may be) has not 
occurred as of the Determination Time on the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date in relation to the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Date, Scheduled Observation 
Date 
or 
Scheduled 
Determination 
Date 
(as 
applicable), then (A) that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date) in relation to such 
Index or Underlying Share (as the case may be), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, the relevant level or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with (x) in the 
case of an Index Basket Note, Condition 8(n)(i)(A)(b) 
and (y) in the case of a Share Basket Note, Condition 
8(n)(i)(A)(c); and 
(3) 
"Valid Date" shall mean a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Valuation 
Date, Observation Date or Determination Date (as 
applicable) does not, or is not deemed to, occur. 
(d) 
If any Averaging Dates in relation to a Valuation Date occur after that 
Valuation Date as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then 
(i) the relevant Maturity Date or (ii) the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Event, an Index Adjustment Event, a Potential Adjustment Event or an 
Additional Disruption Event shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the last such Averaging Date as though it were 
that Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
Adjustments to Indices:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
This Condition 8(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Indices) is applicable only in relation to Notes 
specified in the Issuance Document as being Single Index Notes or Index Basket 
Notes. 
(A) 
Successor Index: 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor, 
but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion or (b) replaced by a 
Successor Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (such 
determination to be at the Calculation Agent's sole and absolute discretion), the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(B) 
Index Adjustment Events: 
If (i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, Observation Date or Determination Date 
(as applicable), or any Averaging Date, a relevant Index Sponsor announces that 
it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine 
events) (an "Index Modification") or permanently cancels the Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation") or (ii) on any Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable), or any Averaging 
Date, the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an 
"Index Disruption" and together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then (A) in the case of an 
Index Modification or an Index Disruption, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes 
and, if so, shall calculate in its sole and absolute discretion the relevant 
Settlement Price or Relevant Price (as applicable) using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Index, the level for that Index as at that Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Determination Date (as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
that Averaging Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to that change, failure or cancellation, 
but using only those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to 
that Index Adjustment Event and (B) in the case of an Index Cancellation, the 
Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) may, at any time thereafter and 
in its sole and absolute discretion, determine that the Notes shall be redeemed 
as of any later date.  If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) so 
determines that the Notes shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less 
than five Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (copied to the Note Trustee 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent), to redeem the Notes and upon redemption 
the Issuer will pay in respect of each Note an amount equal to the Redemption 
Amount.  Without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited Recourse), the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amount.  If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount, the 
Settlement Price or the Relevant Price (as applicable) set out in the Issuance 
Document and any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms 
of the Notes, which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied 
to the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent of any such adjustment). 
(C) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor and which is utilised 
by the Calculation Agent for any calculation or determination (the "Index 
Original Determination") under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the "Index Corrected Value") is published by the Index Sponsor 
by such time as may be specified in the Issuance Document (or, if none is so 
specified, within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication and prior 
to the Maturity Date), then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the 
Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent of the Index Corrected Value 
as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the 
"Index Replacement Determination") using the Index Corrected Value.  If 
the result of the Index Replacement Determination is different from the result 
of the Index Original Determination, to the extent that it determines to be 
necessary and practicable, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms accordingly.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied to the 
Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(D) 
Currency Inconvertibility: 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent, on its behalf) in good faith determines 
that a Currency Inconvertibility Event has occurred, the Issuer may at any time 
thereafter, in its sole discretion give notice to the holders stating whether the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes will be suspended or whether the Notes 
shall be redeemed (any election to suspend shall not preclude the Issuer at any 
time thereafter giving notice to redeem the Notes), all as more fully set out in 
Condition (18) (Notices).  If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes the Issuer 
shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (copied 
to the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) to redeem the Notes 
and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of each Note, an amount 
equal to the Redemption Amount.  Without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse), the Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full 
upon payment of such amount.   
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the 
relevant Notes shall continue following an election to suspend the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment 
as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount, the Settlement 
Price or the Relevant Price (as applicable) set out in the Issuance Document 
and any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms of the 
Notes, which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the Noteholders 
(copied to the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such 
adjustment. 
Upon the occurrence of any event that constitutes both a Currency 
Inconvertibility Event and a Market Disruption Event or an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, it will be deemed to be a Market Disruption Event or an event 
causing a Disrupted Day and will not constitute a Currency Inconvertibility 
Event. 
(iii) 
Adjustments affecting Underlying Shares:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
This Condition 8(n)(iii) (Adjustments affecting Underlying Shares) is applicable only 
in relation to Single Share Notes and Share Basket Notes. 
(A) 
Adjustments for Potential Adjustment Events: 
Following the declaration by the Underlying Issuer of the terms of a Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Shares and, if so, will (i) make 
such adjustment as it in its sole and absolute discretion considers appropriate, 
if any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or the Relevant Price set out in the Issuance Document, the number of 
Underlying Shares to which each Note relates, the number of Underlying 
Shares comprised in a Basket of Shares, the amount, the number of or type of 
shares or other securities which may be delivered in respect of such Notes 
and/or any other adjustment and, in any case, any other variable relevant to 
the settlement, payment or other terms of the relevant Notes as the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect and (ii) determine, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s).  The 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied to the Note Trustee and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(B) 
Correction of Underlying Share Prices: 
If any price published on the Exchange and which is utilised by the Calculation 
Agent for any calculation or determination (the "Share Original 
Determination") under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction 
(the "Share Corrected Value") is published by the Exchange by such time as 
may be specified in the Issuance Document (or, if none is so specified, within 
one Settlement Cycle after the original publication and prior to the Maturity 
Date), then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the Note Trustee, and 
the Issuing and Paying Agent of the Share Corrected Value as soon as 
reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the "Share 
Replacement Determination") using the Share Corrected Value.  If the result 
of the Share Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Share Original Determination, to the extent that it determines to be necessary 
and practicable, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
accordingly.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied to the Note Trustee 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Events: 
This Condition 8(d)(iv) (Extraordinary Events) is applicable only in relation to Notes 
specified in the Issuance Document as being Single Share Notes or Share Basket 
Notes. 
(A) 
Merger Event or Tender Offer: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer, the 
Issuer will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether the 
relevant Notes shall continue or shall be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Redemption Amount and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Relevant 
Price set out in the Issuance Document, the number of Underlying 
Shares to which each Note relates, the number of Underlying Shares 
comprised in a Basket of Shares, the amount, the number of or type of 
shares or other securities which may be delivered under such Notes 
and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement, or 
payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or any other adjustment 
(including, without limitation, in relation to Share Basket Notes, the 
cancellation of terms applicable in respect of Underlying Shares 
affected by the relevant Merger Event or Tender Offer) which 
adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied to 
the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such 
adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Notes shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall give 
not less than five Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (copied to 
the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) to redeem the 
Notes and, without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited Recourse), the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of the Merger Event Settlement Amount (as defined below) 
(in the case of a Merger Event) or Tender Offer Settlement Amount (in 
the case of a Tender Offer). 
(d) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a 
closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole discretion; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Shares, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, any:  (i) reclassification or change of such 
Underlying Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Underlying Shares outstanding to 
another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Underlying Issuer with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Underlying Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Underlying Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding Underlying Shares of the Underlying Issuer that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all 
such Underlying Shares (other than such Underlying Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying 
Issuer or its subsidiaries or with or into another entity in which the 
Underlying Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all such Underlying Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Shares (other 
than Underlying Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Shares immediately following

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is 
on or before the final Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable). 
"Merger Event Settlement Amount" means in respect of each Note, 
an amount equal to the Redemption Amount. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of any Underlying Shares, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results 
in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per 
cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of 
the Underlying Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant. 
"Tender Offer Settlement Amount" means, in respect of each Note, 
an amount equal to the Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting: 
(a) 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(I) 
all the Underlying Shares or all or substantially all the assets of 
an Underlying Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, 
authority, 
entity 
or 
instrumentality 
thereof 
("Nationalisation"); or 
(II) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of, or any 
analogous proceeding affecting, an Underlying Issuer (1) all 
the Underlying Shares of that Underlying Issuer are required to 
be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(2) holders of the Underlying Shares of that Underlying Issuer 
become 
legally 
prohibited 
from 
transferring 
them 
("Insolvency"); or 
(III) 
the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such 
Exchange, the Underlying Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not 
immediately re listed, re traded or re quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange 
(or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union) ("Delisting"),  
then the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether or not the Notes shall continue. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the 
Redemption Amount and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Relevant

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Price set out in the Issuance Document, the number of Underlying 
Shares to which each Note relates, the number of Underlying Shares 
comprised in a Basket of Shares, the amount, the number of or type of 
shares or other securities which may be delivered under such Notes 
and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement or 
payment terms of the relevant Notes and/or any other adjustment 
(including without limitation, in relation to Share Basket Notes, the 
cancellation of terms applicable in respect of Underlying Shares 
affected by the relevant Extraordinary Event) which change or 
adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine.  The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied to 
the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such 
adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that 
the relevant Notes shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall give 
not less than five Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (copied to 
the Note Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent) to redeem the 
Notes.  Without prejudice to Condition 14 (Limited Recourse), the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of, in respect of each Note, an amount equal to the 
Redemption Amount. 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether or not the relevant Notes shall continue or be redeemed 
early. 
(B) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the relevant 
Notes shall continue, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment as the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers appropriate, if 
any, to the formula for the Redemption Amount and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or Relevant Price set out in the Issuance Document, the number of 
Underlying Shares to which each Note relates, the number of Underlying 
Shares comprised in a Basket of Shares the amount, and, in any case, any other 
variable relevant to the settlement, or payment terms of the relevant Notes 
and/or any other adjustment (including without limitation, in relation to Share 
Basket Notes or Index Basket Notes, the cancellation of terms applicable in 
respect of any Underlying Shares or Index, as the case may be, affected by the 
relevant Additional Disruption Event) which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date as the Calculation Agent shall determine.  The 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, notify the Noteholders (copied to the Note Trustee and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) of any such adjustment. 
(C) 
If the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the relevant 
Notes shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall give not less than five 
Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (copied to the Note Trustee and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) to redeem the Notes and, without prejudice to 
Condition 14 (Limited Recourse), the Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall 
be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Note of an amount equal to 
the Redemption Amount. 
(D) 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances notify the Note Trustee and the Issuing and 
Paying Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(E) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Notes 
(unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document), a Change in Law, 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Loss of Stock Borrow, 
and any further event or events as may be specified in the Issuance Document 
as an Additional Disruption Event with respect to such Notes. 
(vi) 
Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Notes: 
In relation to Equity-Linked Notes, the following expressions have the meanings set 
out below: 
"Basket" means, in relation to any Share Basket Notes, the Underlying Shares 
specified in the Issuance Document as comprising the Basket and in relation to Index 
Basket Notes, the Indices specified in the Issuance Document as comprising the Basket 
in each case in the relative proportions specified in such Issuance Document; 
"Basket of Indices" means, in relation to a particular Series of Notes, a basket 
comprising the Indices specified in the Issuance Document in the relative proportions 
specified in such Issuance Document; 
"Basket of Shares" means, in relation to a particular Series of Notes, a basket 
comprising Underlying Shares of each Underlying Issuer specified in the Issuance 
Document in the relative proportions or number of Underlying Shares of each 
Underlying Issuer specified in such Issuance Document; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that (x), in the case of Single Share Notes, 
Single Index Notes, Share Basket Notes or Index Basket Notes, it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying Shares or of any financial 
instrument or contract providing exposure to the Underlying Shares, Index or Indices 
(as the case may be), or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Component" means in relation to an Index, any security which comprises such 
Index; 
"Currency Inconvertibility Event" means it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible:  (i) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate at which any Local 
Currency (defined below) can be lawfully exchanged for U.S. dollars; or (ii) to convert 
the currency in which any of the Underlying Shares or the securities which comprise 
the Index is denominated (a "Local Currency") into U.S. dollars; or (iii) to exchange 
or repatriate any funds outside of any jurisdiction in which any of the securities which 
comprise the Index or the Underlying Shares is issued due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law, regulation, directive or decree of any Governmental 
Authority or otherwise; or (iv) for the Issuer or the Counterparty to hold, purchase, 
sell or otherwise deal in any Notes or any other property in order for the Issuer or the 
Counterparty to perform, or for the purposes of the Issuer or the Counterparty 
performing its obligations in respect of any Notes or in respect of any related hedging 
arrangements.  For the purposes hereof, "Governmental Authority" means any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power; 
"Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the Issuance Document;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
"Determination Time" means the time specified as such in the Issuance Document, 
or if no such time is specified, (a) save with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in relation to each Index or 
Underlying Share to be valued.  If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Determination Time is after the actual closing time for 
its regular trading session, then the Determination Time shall be such actual closing 
time; and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred:  (x) in respect of any 
Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component and (y) in respect of any option contracts or futures contracts on the Index, 
the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor; 
"Disrupted Day" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred, and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) 
the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, the closure 
on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange (or in the case of a Single 
Index Note or Index Basket Note, any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Determination Time on such Exchange Business Day and (b) with 
respect to any Multi-exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
the Exchange in respect of any Component or the Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of:  (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Determination Time on such Exchange Business 
Day; 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index relating to Single Index Notes or Index Basket Notes 
other than a Multi-exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Index in the Issuance Document or, if none is 
specified, the principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such Index, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the shares underlying such Index has temporarily relocated, provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the shares underlying such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange, and (ii) with respect 
to any Multi-exchange Index, and in respect of each Component, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component is principally traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Share relating to Single Share Notes or Share 
Basket Notes, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Underlying Share in the Issuance Document or, if none is specified, the 
principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such Underlying Share, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to such Exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Underlying Share has temporarily relocated, provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange; 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (b) 
with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any Exchange or 
the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, any 
event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying Shares on the Exchange 
(or in the case of Single Index Notes or Index Basket Notes, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index), or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the Underlying Shares or the relevant Index (as the case 
may be) on any relevant Related Exchange and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange 
Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) any Component on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component, or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
the Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means the dividend per Underlying Share, or portion 
thereof, to be characterised as an Extraordinary Dividend as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or Delisting; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or the Counterparty (in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations under the 
Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transactions or asset(s); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or the Counterparty (in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) would incur 
a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that, in each case, any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer or the Counterparty shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
"Index" means any index specified as such in the Issuance Document, subject to 
Condition 8(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Indices); 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the entity specified as such in the 
Issuance Document or, if no entity is specified, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Index; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or the Counterparty is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) the 
Underlying Shares with respect to the Notes in an amount which the Issuer deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Notes (not to exceed the number of shares underlying the Notes) at a rate 
determined by the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf); 
"Market Disruption Event" means (a) in respect of an Underlying Share or an Index 
other than a Multi-exchange Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Determination Time, or (iii) an Early Closure.  For the purpose of determining whether 
a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of an Index at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then 
the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be 
based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the 
Market Disruption Event occurred; and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index 
either (i)(A) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of (1) a Trading 
Disruption, (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Determination Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Component is 
principally traded, OR (3) an Early Closure; AND (B) the aggregate of all Components 
in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index; OR (ii) the 
occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
of:  (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Determination Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an 
Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect 
of a Component at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level 
of the Index attributable to that Component to (y) the overall level of the Index, in 
each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as 
part of the market "opening data"; 
"Multi-exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the Issuance 
Document; 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given in the Issuance Document; 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of Single Share Notes or Share 
Basket Notes (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion): 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of an Underlying Share (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of Underlying 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Underlying 
Shares of (A) such Underlying Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of the Underlying Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such an Underlying Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Underlying 
Issuer as a result of a spin off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash 
or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Underlying Issuer in respect of relevant Underlying Shares that 
are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by an Underlying Issuer (as the case may be) or any of its 
subsidiaries of Underlying Shares, whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of an Underlying Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of the Underlying Issuer pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides, upon the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Shares; 
"Related Exchange", in respect of an Index relating to Single Index Notes or Index 
Basket Notes, an Underlying Share relating to Single Share Notes or Share Basket 
Notes means the Exchange specified as the Relevant Exchange in the Issuance 
Document, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures and options contracts relating 
to such Index or Underlying Shares has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange) or, if none is specified, each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures or options contracts relating to such Index or Underlying Shares, as the case 
may be; 
"Relevant Price" on any day means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying Share to which a Single Share Note or a Share 
Basket Note relates, the price per Underlying Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the manner provided in the Applicable Supplement as of 
the Determination Time on the relevant day, or, if no means for determining 
the Relevant Price are so provided:  (a) in respect of any Underlying Share for 
which the Exchange is an auction or "open outcry" exchange that has a price 
as of the Determination Time at which any trade can be submitted for 
execution, the Relevant Price shall be the price per Underlying Share as of the 
Determination Time on the relevant day, as reported in the official real time 
price dissemination mechanism for such Exchange; and (b) in respect of any

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Underlying Share for which the Exchange is a dealer exchange or dealer 
quotation system, the Relevant Price shall be the mid point of the highest bid 
and lowest ask prices quoted as of the Determination Time on the relevant day 
(or the last such prices quoted immediately before the Determination Time) 
without regard to quotations that "lock" or "cross" the dealer exchange or 
dealer quotation system; and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index to which a Single Index Note or an Index Basket Note 
relates, the level of such Index determined by the Calculation Agent as 
provided in the Issuance Document as of the Determination Time on the 
relevant day or, if no method for determining the Relevant Price is so provided, 
the level of the Index as of the Determination Time on the relevant day; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, 
any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open 
for trading for their respective regular trading session, and (b) with respect to any 
Multi-exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its regular trading session; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Underlying Share or Index, the period of 
Settlement Cycle Days following a trade in such Underlying Share or the securities 
underlying such Index, as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such exchange (or, in respect of any Multi-
exchange Index, the longest such period) and for this purpose "Settlement Cycle Day" 
means, in relation to a clearing system any day on which such clearing system is (or 
but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event would have been) open for 
acceptance and executions of settlement instructions; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a 
result of which the relevant clearing system cannot clear or execute the transfer of an 
Underlying Share or the securities underlying an Index; 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Single Share Note, a Share Basket Note, an 
Index Note or an Index Basket Note, the price, level or amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in accordance with the Issuance 
Document; 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-exchange Index, any 
suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted 
by the Exchange, Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Underlying Share 
on the Exchange, or, in the case of a Single Index Note or Index Basket Note, on any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
Underlying Share or the relevant Index or Indices Interest on any relevant Related 
Exchange, and (b) with respect to any Multi-exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index 
on the Related Exchange;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
"Underlying Issuer" means the entity that is the issuer of the Underlying Share 
specified in the Issuance Document; 
"Underlying Share" means, in relation to a particular Series of Notes, a share 
specified as such in the Issuance Document, or, in the case of a Share Basket Note, a 
share forming part of a basket of shares to which such Note relates; and 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issuance Document (or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8(d)(ii)(B). 
(o) 
General Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of any Notes, delivery of a notice by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent specifying that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will 
be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or the Calculation Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the Relevant Benchmark to perform its of their respective obligations in respect of the 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, Administrator/Benchmark Event shall not apply where the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR (see Condition 8(c)(iv) (Provisions Specific 
to SOFR as Reference Rate) above) or SOFR; (see Condition 8(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) above); 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of any Notes and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides 
that the Relevant Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, 
refusal, suspension or withdrawal, or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, 
the Issue Date. 
“Alternative Pre-nominated Index” means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of 
the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the applicable Issuance Document 
as an “Alternative Pre-nominated Index” that is not subject to an Administrator/ Benchmark 
Event or (in the case of Equity-Linked Notes) an Index Cancellation or an Index Modification; 
"Benchmark" means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, 
initially LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate 
Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination); 
provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the case of 
Screen Rate Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA 
Determination) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; or  
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the applicable period of maturity (which shall be

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
daily), provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the applicable 
period of maturity (which shall be daily), or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark, plus the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer 
or its designee cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) Compounded SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(d) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(e) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of "Interest Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, changes to the definition of "Corresponding Tenor" solely when such 
tenor is longer than the Interest Period, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of limb (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(b) 
in the case of limb (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark; or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) additional city or cities specified in the Issuance Document; and 
(b) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the principal financial 
centre of the Relevant Currency and in any additional city or cities specified in the 
Issuance Document; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date referred to in the Conditions or 
in the applicable Issuance Document which is specified to be adjusted in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention, the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, and means any one or more of: Following Business Day 
Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention (or Modified Business Day 
Convention), Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN Convention (or Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention) or No Adjustment (or Unadjusted), as specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document (each with the meanings given in Condition 8(b) (Business Day 
Convention)); 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(a) the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; 
provided that: 
(b) if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Compounded SOFR 
cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above, then the rate, or methodology 
for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(a) if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year), the sum of: 
(i) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) if "Actual/365(Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(c) if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(d) if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(e) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(f) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"euro" means the lawful single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, any final terms for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation that are issued by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue 
details in respect of such Series of Notes, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time 
to time in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed. 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
as specified in the applicable Issuance Document; 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest determined in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Interest Rate of Floating Rate Notes). 
"Instalment Amount" means the amount of principal repayable on each Instalment Date in 
respect of an Instalment Note; 
"Instalment Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Issuance Document as a 
date for the payment of any Instalment Amount; 
"Instalment Note" means a Note the principal of which is repayable in instalments; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the Issuance Document; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and an Interest Period:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(i) the date specified as such in the Issuance Document or,  
(ii) if SOFR or SONIA is specified as the applicable Reference Rate, the Interest 
Determination Date(s) shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end of each Interest 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period for SOFR will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, provided that, (A) if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Interest Determination Date shall in the case 
of Equity-Linked Notes, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; and (B) if any 
Interest Determination Date is in the case of Equity-Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day, the 
provisions of Condition 8(n)(i) (Valuation, Market Disruption, and Averaging Dates) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Interest Determination Date were a Valuation 
Date; 
(iii) if none is so specified, the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (or (A) if the specified currency is British pound sterling, the first 
day of such Interest Period and (B) if the specified currency is Euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period); 
"Interest Payment Date" means: 
(i) if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the 
date(s) specified as such in the Issuance Document and, if a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Issuance Document, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with 
the relevant Business Day Convention, or if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number 
of calendar months is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as being the Specified 
Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or 
the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); or 
(ii) if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issuance Document as the Reference Rate, the number 
of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End Date; 
provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant Notes; 
"Interest Payment Delay" means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Interest Period End Date; 
"Interest Period End Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issuance Document, 
and if no such date(s) are specified, each Interest Payment Date; 
"Interest Rate" means a Fixed Interest Rate or Floating Interest Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document) payable from time to time in respect of the Note; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Benchmark for the 
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding 
Tenor and (b) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) 
that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
may be amended and updated as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes (as specified in the 
relevant Issuance Document)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Issuance Document" means either the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement for the relevant 
Series of Notes, as applicable. 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of the Notes; 
"Margin" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Issuance 
Document; 
"Order of Priority" means, in relation to any Series, the order of priority for application of 
all monies received by the Note Trustee pursuant to Clause 7 of the Principal Trust Deed (as 
amended by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed) or as specified in the Issuance Document; 
"Page" in respect of a Reference Rate, means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service (including, but not limited to, the Reuters service) as may 
be specified in the Issuance Document, or such other page, section, caption, column or other 
part as may replace the same on that information service or on such other information service, 
in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices; 
"Potential Event of Default" means, in relation to each Series of Notes, any condition, event 
or act which, with the giving of notice and/or the lapse of time and/or the issue of a certificate, 
would constitute an Event of Default in relation to such Series; 
"Pricing Supplement" means, in relation to any Series of Notes for which there are no Final 
Terms, the terms issued by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details in respect of 
such Series of Notes, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Trust Deed. 
"Principal Amount" means in relation to a Note or Series, the original face value thereof less 
any repayments of principal made to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Series; 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Redemption Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, in 
relation to a Note or Series (other than any Equity-Linked Note), the amount of the original 
face value thereof less any repayment of principal made to the Holder(s) thereof in respect of 
such Note or Series and, in relation to any Equity-Linked Note, (i) in the case of redemption 
on the Maturity Date, the amount calculated as set out in the Issuance Document and (ii) in 
circumstances where a Note is redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, an amount equal to the 
fair market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to that Note of the reasonable cost 
to the Issuer and/or the Counterparty of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or the 
Counterparty on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money market) 
which is most closely connected with the Relevant Rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Reference Rate" means in respect of any relevant period or day, any of the following as 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate, or (iii) any interest rate, swap rate, index, benchmark or price source specified as a 
"Reference Rate" in the applicable Issuance Document, or determined in accordance with the 
Conditions, in each case, for such period or such day. If more than one Reference Rate is 
specified, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to each rate defined or specified as such, 
or determined, in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (a) if the 
Benchmark is LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days 
preceding the date of such determination, and (b) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, the time 
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Note, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the Relevant Rate 
is most closely connected as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Relevant Rate" means the offered rate for a Representative Amount of the Relevant 
Currency for a period (if applicable) equal to the Specified Duration (or such other rate as shall 
be specified in the Issuance Document); 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the Issuance Document or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant 
Financial Centre; 
"Relevant Rates Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes:  
(i) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that 
is referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Fixed Interest Rate;  
(ii) 
each Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); or  
(iii) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a “Relevant Rates 
Benchmark” in the applicable Issuance Document; 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified in the Issuance Document as such or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
time;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for 
such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, 
(or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period or duration specified in the Issuance Document or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period; 
"Transaction Document" means, in relation to the Notes, the Dealer Agreement, the Principal 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Expenses Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Issuance Document, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, any Security Document, any 
Related Agreement, the Notes of such Series and any other document(s) specified in the 
Issuance Document or entered into in connection with such Series. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro;  
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty 
of the European Union; 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note on which no interest is payable (other than interest 
payable after the date on which such Note is expressed to be redeemable). 
(p) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks selected by the 
Issuer acting through the Calculation Agent with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
a Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to any Series 
of Notes and for so long as any such Series is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting 
through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then 
the Issuer acting through the Calculation Agent will select another Reference Bank with an 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, 
the Issuer will appoint (with the prior written consent of the Note Trustee, acting on the 
instructions of the Instructing Creditor) a successor to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
None of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent shall have any 
duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any event, matter or thing has occurred 
that would allow the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or its designee to make the determinations,

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
including any adjustments or changes, referred to in the Conditions 8(d), 8(e), 8(f), 8(h)(ii), 
8(h)(iii), 8(h)(iv), 8(n)(v) and 9(g)(B). 
(9) 
Redemption, Purchase and Exchange 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions or, unless such Note is stated in the Issuance Document as having no fixed 
maturity date, each Note will be redeemed at its Redemption Amount (as defined in 
Condition 8(o)) on the date or dates (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on the date 
or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the Issuance Document. 
(ii) 
If Maturity Date Extension is specified in the Issuance Document, if on the Maturity 
Date the Disposal Agent informs the Issuer that there is a shortfall in the amounts 
available to pay the Redemption Amount due on the Notes in full, the Maturity Date 
may be extended to the date that is 20 Business Days following receipt of realisation 
proceeds by the Issuer (or Disposal Agent on the Issuer's behalf) and such extended 
Maturity Date shall be notified by the issuer to the Noteholder in accordance with the 
relevant notice provisions. 
(b) 
Mandatory Redemption 
(i) 
Underlying Disposal Event 
If any of the following events (each a "Disposal Event") occurs: 
(A) 
there has been a payment default on the due date therefor (without, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issuance Document, regard to any grace period) in 
respect of the Underlying Assets; or 
(B) 
any Related Agreement is terminated in whole and is not replaced on or prior 
to such termination to the satisfaction, and with the prior written approval, of 
the Note Trustee; 
(C) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issuance Document and subject to Condition 
17(c) (Substitution), 
(x) 
the Issuer or Paying Agent, on the occasion of the next payment due in 
respect of the Notes, would be required by law to withhold or account 
for tax (including pursuant to an agreement entered into by the Issuer 
or any such Paying Agent following sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), any agreement with 
the United States regarding these rules and any legislation, regulations 
or rules adopted by another jurisdiction pursuant to an 
intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of these 
rules (collectively, "FATCA")), or 
(y) 
the Issuer would suffer tax, including pursuant to FATCA and section 
871(m) of the Code, in respect of its income (or deemed income) in  
the Underlying Assets or payments made to it under a Related 
Agreement, or would receive net of any tax, including pursuant to 
FATCA and section 871(m) of the Code, any payments in respect of 
the Underlying Assets or payments made to it under a Related 
Agreement (in each case, where there is no obligation to pay an 
additional amount to the Issuer in respect of the Underlying Assets or 
the relevant Related Agreement (except where the U.S. withholding 
tax on its income is borne by the holders of Notes pursuant to so-called

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Double Withholding, if such Double Withholding is indicated as 
applicable in the Issuance Document), or 
(z) 
any exchange controls or other currency exchange or transfer 
restrictions or tax are imposed on the Issuer or any payments to be 
made to or by the Issuer or for any reason the cost to the Issuer of 
complying with its obligations under or in connection with the Trust 
Deed or meeting its operating or administrative expenses would (in the 
sole opinion of the directors of the Issuer) be materially increased, 
then the Issuer shall, if the same would avoid the effect of the relevant event 
described in paragraph (x), (y) or (z) above use its best endeavours to procure 
the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved in 
writing by the Note Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of the Notes, or 
the establishment of a branch office in another jurisdiction approved in writing 
by the Note Trustee (in each case provided that the Note Trustee is satisfied 
that such substitution will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions as more fully 
specified in the Trust Deed) from which it may continue to carry out its 
functions under the Notes and the Related Agreement(s), and the Issuer, 
having used its best endeavours, is unable to arrange such substitution before 
the next payment is due in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(D) 
there is any restructuring of the terms and conditions of the Underlying Assets 
which, in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, is material in the 
context of the Notes and/or any agreements relating to the Notes; or 
(E) 
the Issuer's performance under the Notes becomes or will be unlawful in whole 
or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, consent, rule, regulation, judgment, order or 
directive of any governmental, legislative or judicial authority or power, 
on first becoming aware of the occurrence of any Disposal Event, the Calculation 
Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall give notice thereof (the "Disposal Event 
Notice") to the Note Trustee, the Counterparty, the Issuer, the Disposal Agent, the 
Custodian and the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) and the Note Custodian (in the case of Custodian Notes) and the 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition (18) 
(Notices). Upon receipt of a Disposal Event Notice, and in the case of Disposal Events 
pursuant to Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) and 9(b)(i)(C)(y), following the passing of an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders resolving that the Notes shall be 
redeemed, the Disposal Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer), shall arrange for the 
sale of the Underlying Assets in accordance with Condition 13(a)(Disposal of 
Underlying Assets). Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof, the Issuer shall give not 
more than 30 days' notice (or such other number of days as may be provided in the 
relevant Issuance Document) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) of 
the date on which the net proceeds of such sale shall be applied in accordance with the 
relevant Order of Priority.   
Prior to giving any notice of redemption in respect of the circumstance set out in 
Condition 9(b)(i)(C) above, the Issuer shall deliver to the Note Trustee: (1) a certificate 
signed by a director of the Issuer demonstrating that the conditions precedent to the 
obligations of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (2) in the case of a 
redemption of Notes under Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(x) or (y) an opinion (in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Note Trustee) of legal advisers of recognised standing to 
the Issuer (previously approved by the Note Trustee) in the relevant jurisdiction to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to withhold, account for or suffer such 
tax. The Note Trustee shall be entitled to accept the aforementioned certificate and, if 
applicable, opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
precedent set out above in Condition 9(b)(i)(C) above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in Condition 
9(b)(i)(C)(x) arises: 
(a) 
owing to the connection of any holder, or any third party having a beneficial 
interest in the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, with the place of incorporation or 
tax jurisdiction of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of 
any Note, Coupon or Receipt or receiving principal, Redemption Amount, 
Amortised Face Amount, interest or Interest Amount in respect thereof; or 
(b) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant holder to comply with any applicable 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption, reduction or refund from such tax (including any failure by a holder 
or any third party having an interest in the Notes, Coupons or Receipts to 
comply with any request made pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Taxation)); or 
(c) 
by reason of any holder or any third party being unable to receive payments 
free from withholding tax under FATCA;  
(d) 
where a holder would have been able to amend such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
member state of the European Union, 
then, to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the 
amounts payable to such holder and shall not redeem the relevant Notes of the relevant 
Series. Any such deduction shall not affect the rights of the other holders hereunder 
and shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition (12) (Events of Default). 
(ii) 
Early Redemption of Underlying Assets 
If the Underlying Assets are redeemed pursuant to an early redemption of such 
Underlying Assets (an "Underlying Early Redemption") prior to their stated date of 
maturity (other than by reason of payment default, as referred to in Condition 
9(b)(i)(A) or as contemplated in the Issuance Document) the Issuer shall forthwith 
give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (or such other number of days as 
may be provided in the Issuance Document) to the Note Trustee and the Noteholders 
of the date on which the net proceeds of such redemption shall be applied as specified 
in Condition 6(b) (Application of Proceeds). 
(iii) 
Credit Event 
If the Issuance Document so provides, if there has been, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in the Issuance Document), a Credit Event (as 
specified and defined in the Issuance Document), the Calculation Agent shall give 
written notice thereof to the Note Trustee, the Issuer, each Paying Agent and the 
Counterparty.  No further payment should be made in respect of the Notes (other than 
as provided in this Condition 9(b)(iii) (Credit Event)). The Issuance Document shall 
specify the basis for calculation of the amount (the "Credit Event Redemption 
Amount") payable upon redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
9(b)(iii) (Credit Event) which shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. The Issuer 
shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (or such other number of days 
as may be provided in the Issuance Document) to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) of the date on which payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount 
will be made to the Noteholders or delivery will be made to the Noteholders of the 
Reference Securities (as defined in the Issuance Document), as the case may be. The 
Issuance Document will also specify all other additional terms and conditions which 
will apply in relation to such Credit Event.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(iv) 
Definition 
In these Conditions, each of a Disposal Event, an Underlying Early Redemption and a 
Credit Event is referred to as a "Mandatory Redemption Event". 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be 
required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Mandatory Redemption 
Event has occurred. Neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall have any 
obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the 
Issuer or any Secured Creditor. If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent effectively gives 
a notice to the Note Trustee of the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the 
Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation and shall suffer no liability where it does rely on such notice. 
(v) 
Redemption of Notes 
Upon expiry of the relevant notice under Condition 9(b)(i) or (ii) or (iii) above and 
subject to the conditions of such notice, the Issuer shall (unless, in the case of 
Condition 9(b)(i)(C) only, the Note Trustee has required the substitution of another 
company as principal obligor in respect of the Notes or the establishment of a branch 
as contemplated in Condition 16(c) (Substitution) or such substitution is otherwise 
requested by the Instructing Creditor) redeem each Note in whole or, as the case may 
be, in part on a pro rata basis together with any accrued interest up to the relevant date 
of redemption having applied all monies received in respect of a Series of Notes 
(whether by disposal by the Disposal Agent, enforcement of the Security relating to 
that Series or otherwise) in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Application of Proceeds), 
or delivered the Reference Securities or paid the Credit Event Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Condition 9(b)(iii) (Credit Event) (or as specified in the Issuance 
Document). The provisions of Clause 18 (Limited Recourse and Non-petition) of the 
Principal Trust Deed shall apply in respect of such redemption of Notes. 
The date on which monies received in respect of a Series of Notes (whether by disposal 
by the Disposal Agent, enforcement of the Security relating to that Series or otherwise) 
shall be applied in redemption of the Notes in accordance with the above paragraph of 
this Condition 9(b)(v) (Redemption of Notes) shall be at any time in accordance with 
the notice provisions contained in the relevant Condition and any relevant provisions 
in the Issuance Document. 
(c) 
Purchase 
If a purchase option is specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may, provided that no 
Event of Default or Mandatory Redemption Event has occurred and is continuing, purchase 
Notes or any of them (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons, if any, appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market 
or otherwise at any price. 
The Swap Agreement (if applicable) will provide that on such purchase such Swap Agreement 
(or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be purchased) will terminate. 
The Issuance Document will set out all the terms of such termination, which will reflect the 
terms of the Related Agreement. The Issuance Document will also set out the terms on which 
the security over the Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for 
such purpose, which will reflect the terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. No interest 
will be payable with respect to a Note to be purchased pursuant to this Condition in respect of 
the period from the Issue Date or, if later, the most recent date for the payment of interest on 
such Note, as the case may be, to the date of such purchase. 
If not all the Notes held by a Noteholder are to be purchased, upon surrender of the existing 
Registered Note Certificate in respect of Registered Notes, the Registrar shall, forthwith upon

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
the written request of the Noteholder concerned, issue a new Registered Note Certificate in 
respect of such Notes which are not to be purchased and despatch such Registered Note 
Certificate to the Noteholder (at the risk of the Noteholder and to such address as the 
Noteholder may specify in such request). 
Whilst the Notes are represented by a Global Note, the relevant Global Note will be endorsed 
to reflect the principal amount of Notes to be so redeemed or purchased. 
(d) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
In respect of any Note which does not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date and the 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, the amount 
payable upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Mandatory 
Redemption) or, if applicable, Conditions 9(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
and Exercise of Issuer's Option), 9(f) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and 
Exercise of Noteholders' Options) or 9(g) (Redemption by Instalments) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition (12) (Events of Default) shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. References 
in the Conditions to "principal" in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, shall be deemed to 
include references to "Amortised Face Amount" where the context permits. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of (iii) below and as provided in the Issuance Document, the 
Amortised Face Amount of any Zero Coupon Note shall be the scheduled Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield shown in the Issuance Document 
compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than 
one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
Issuance Document. 
(iii) 
If the amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Mandatory Redemption) or, if applicable, Conditions 9(e) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option), 9(f) (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options) or 9(g) (Redemption by 
Instalments) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition (12) 
(Events of Default) is not paid when due, the amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in Condition 9(d)(i), 
except that such Condition shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date 
on which the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the date 
(the "Relevant Date") which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; or 
(B) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable on the Notes has been 
received by the Issuing and Paying Agent, and notice to that effect has been 
given to holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition (18) (Notices). 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount will continue to be made (as well after as before 
judgment) until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal amount of such Note together 
with any interest which may accrue in accordance with Condition (8) (Calculation of Interest 
Amount and Redemption Amount and provisions relating to Equity-Linked Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Option 
(a) If so specified in the Issuance Document, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, on giving at least 5 Business Days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, redeem or exercise any Issuer's option in 
relation to, all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes in the manner and on the date 
or dates specified in the Issuance Document at their Redemption Amount or at their

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Amortised Face Amount (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes), together with interest 
accrued to, or Interest Amount payable on, the date fixed for redemption. 
Notice of redemption having been given by the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to this 
Condition may not be withdrawn and the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Note(s) in 
accordance with the notice, this Condition and the Issuance Document. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option (if 
permitted as specified in the Issuance Document): 
(A) 
when the Notes are in definitive form or are represented by Registered Note 
Certificates, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in the manner indicated in the 
Issuance Document and notice of the Notes called for redemption will be published in 
accordance with Condition (18) (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption;  
(B) 
when the Notes are represented by a Global Note, if a partial redemption is to be 
effected by selection of whole Notes as indicated in the Issuance Document, the Notes 
to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be). 
The Issuance Document will specify the terms on which the security over the relevant 
Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for such redemption or 
for the exercise of the Issuer's option. 
The Swap Agreement (if applicable) will provide that on the redemption of Notes by the 
Issuer and/or the exercise of the Issuer's option in relation to the Notes such Related 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be redeemed 
by the Issuer pursuant to the exercise of such option) will terminate. The Issuance 
Document will set out the terms of such termination. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options 
(a) If so specified in the Issuance Document the Issuer shall, subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not more than 30 days nor less than 15 
Business Days’ notice to the Issuer by completion of an Exercise Notice as specified 
below, redeem such Note on the date or dates specified in the Issuance Document at 
its Redemption Amount or at its Amortised Face Amount (in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes), together with interest accrued to, or the Interest Amount payable on, the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such Noteholder's option which may be specified in the Issuance Document, the 
holder must deposit the relevant Note (together with all unmatured Coupons) with any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or, as the case may be, the relevant Registered Note 
Certificate with the Registrar or any Paying Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at their 
respective specified offices, together with a duly completed exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or from 
the Registrar or any Paying Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) not more than 30 days nor 
less than 15 Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the relevant 
Issuance Document) prior to the relevant date for redemption or exercise of any option. 
The Issuance Document will specify the terms on which the security over the relevant 
Underlying Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for such redemption or for 
the exercise of the Noteholder's Option.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
The Related Agreement will provide that on the redemption of Notes by the Noteholders 
pursuant to the exercise of the Noteholders' Option in relation to the Notes such Related 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be redeemed by 
the Issuer pursuant to the exercise of such option) will terminate. The Issuance Document will 
set out the terms of such termination. 
In the case of any Note represented by a Global Note, the Noteholder must deliver the Exercise 
Notice (which may be done electronically through Euroclear or, as the case may be, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) together with an authority to Euroclear or, as the case may be, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to debit such Noteholder's account or an account designated by such 
Noteholder accordingly.  
(g) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in Condition 8 (Calculation 
of Interest Amount and Redemption Amount and provisions relating to Equity-Linked Notes) 
or this Condition (9) (Redemption, Purchase and Exchange), each Note which provides for 
Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date 
at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding Principal Amount of such 
Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes and the notional amount(s) 
of principal under any Related Agreement upon which payments under the Series of Notes of 
which such Note forms part are calculated shall be reduced in a proportion equal to the 
proportion which the Instalment Amount bears to the original notional amount(s) of such 
Related Agreement. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
Subject to Condition 21 (Purchase of Notes), all Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
may be surrendered to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in respect of such 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in respect of the Registered Notes Certificates of such 
Registered Notes) for cancellation and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.  
(i) 
Exchange of Notes for Underlying Assets 
If specified in the Issuance Document, a Noteholder may request the Issuer to exchange any 
Note held by it for a corresponding principal amount of the Underlying Assets upon terms that 
will be more fully set out in the Issuance Document. 
(j) 
Exchange of Series 
If specified in the Issuance Document and subject to the conditions specified in such Issuance 
Document, the Issuer may from time to time, with the consent of the Counterparty under the 
Related Agreement (if any) with respect to such Series, substitute a new Series of Notes (the 
"New Series") for that existing Series of Notes (the "Existing Series") as it may deem 
appropriate.  Any substitution of a Series may occur with or without the consent of the 
Noteholders, as specified in the relevant Issuance Document.  The exchange procedure and 
means by which Noteholders consent to such exchange (if any) shall be specified in the 
relevant Issuance Document at the time of issue. 
(10) 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or other amounts payable 
on redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) in respect of Bearer

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Notes in definitive form will, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment Amounts, other than 
on the due date for final redemption on which the Receipt shall be presented for payment 
together with its relative Note), Definitive Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 10(f)(iv)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 10(f)(iv)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States and its possessions by transfer to an account 
denominated in the currency in which such payment is due with, or (in the case of Definitive 
Notes only) a cheque payable in that currency drawn on, a bank in (a) the principal financial 
centre of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial 
centre of any Member State of the European Community if that currency is euro. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer 
Global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer Global 
Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer 
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of 
each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made either on such bearer Global Note by the Issuing and Paying Agent to 
which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
(b) 
Registered Notes  
(A) 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or Instalment 
Amounts) by any Paying Agent in respect of a Registered Note Certificate (subject to 
(B) below) will be made against presentation and surrender (other than in the case of 
payments of any Instalment Amounts) of the relevant Registered Note Certificate at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent and, in the case of payment of any Instalment 
Amounts, annotation of such payment on the Register by the Registrar and the relevant 
Registered Note Certificate. 
Payments of principal or instalments (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or 
Instalment Amounts) will be paid by any Paying Agent to the persons shown on the 
Register as at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day (as defined 
below) before the due date for payment thereof (the "Record Date"). Upon application 
by the Noteholder to the specified office of any Paying Agent at least 10 calendar days 
before the relevant Record Date, the payment of interest may be made by transfer to 
an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a bank in (a) the 
principal financial centre of the country of that currency provided that such currency 
is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European 
Community if that currency is euro. 
(B) 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or Instalment 
Amounts) by any Paying Agent in respect of Registered Global Notes will be made to 
the person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (which shall be the 
principal). 
(C) 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) on Notes represented by a 
Registered Note Certificate (subject to (D) below) payable on any Interest Payment 
Date will be paid by any Paying Agent to the persons shown on the Register on the 
Record Date. Upon application by the Noteholder to the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at least 10 calendar days before the relevant Record Date, the payment of 
interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by 
the payee with a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country of that 
currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre 
of any Member State of the European Community if that currency is euro.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(D) 
Each payment of Interest by any Paying Agent (or, as the case may be, Interest 
Amounts) in respect of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note payable on any 
Interest Payment Date will be made, in accordance with the prevailing systems and 
procedures for payments of the relevant Clearing System(s) in which such Registered 
Global Note is being held, to the person shown as the Holder in the Register at the 
close of business on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment (which shall be the record date for such payment of interest) where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each Clearing System for which the 
Registered Global Note is being held is open for business. 
(c) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments of principal 
(or Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Interest Amounts) in respect of Notes represented 
by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed one or more Paying Agent with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; 
and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Dealer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
General provisions relating to payments 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition (11) (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Couponholders or 
Receiptholders (if any) in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The name of the initial Issuing and Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Disposal Agent and 
Registrar (together with any other paying agent or transfer agent appointed pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement and the Custodian and the Note Custodian, the "Agents") and their 
respective specified offices are listed below or as otherwise appointed pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement and with specified offices as set out in the Issuance Document. The Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time), and to appoint additional or other Agents, 
provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent (where the Conditions so require one), (iii) in the case of Registered Notes, 
a Registrar in Dublin or such other jurisdiction outside the UK, and (iv) a paying agent in 
Jersey (if the notes are issued in definitive form and held outside the Clearing Systems), each

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Agent having a specified office in a European city which, if the Notes are admitted to listing 
on a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and the rules of such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system require the appointment of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent in a particular place, shall be such place. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the Issuance Document, upon the due date for redemption 
of any Note which is a Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Note, any unmatured Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iv) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest or 
an Interest Amount, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of 
interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note.  Interest 
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation thereof. 
(g) 
Non Business Days 
Subject as provided in the Issuance Document, if any date for payment in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks are open for presentation and payment of debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currency in the relevant place of presentation and in the cities referred to in the 
definition of Business Days set out in the Issuance Document and: 
(1) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
dealings may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such currency; or 
(2) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) on a day which is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in respect of any Note represented by a Global Note, if 
any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the following Business Day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may 
have become void pursuant to Condition (15) (Prescription)). 
(11) 
Taxation

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(a) 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons will be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever 
nature unless the Issuer, or any Paying Agent or, where applicable, the Note Trustee is required 
by applicable law, regulation, rule or agreement with a taxing authority to make any payment 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons subject to any withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature (including 
withholding taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA, or any similar or successor legislation or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to any such legislation, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto). In that event, the Issuer, any Paying Agent, or the Note 
Trustee (as the case may be) shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has 
been made and shall account to the relevant taxing authorities or other governmental agencies 
for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. Regardless of whether such withholding 
was anticipated (or Double Withholding was indicated as applicable in the related Issuance 
Document), if the Issuer is subject to withholding taxes on payments made to it, those taxes 
will reduce the amounts payable to the holders of Notes, Receipts, or Coupons, in a manner 
similar to taxes withheld on payments by the Issuer on the Notes, Receipts, or Coupons.   None 
of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Note Trustee, or any other person will be obliged to make 
any additional payments to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders in respect 
of such withholding or deduction, but Condition 9(b)(i)(C) will apply.  The Issuer or any 
Paying Agent may require Holders to provide such certification and other documents as 
required by applicable law or reasonably requested pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Mandatory 
Redemption) above in order to qualify for exemption, reduction or refund of any withholding 
taxes or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or governmental agency. 
(b) 
If so indicated in the Issuance Document, the Issuer will treat all income accrued or paid to a 
Holder as arising from sources within the United States and will make payments free of U.S. 
withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder supplies it with appropriate 
U.S. tax identification and certification forms, typically an IRS Form W-8BEN OR W-8BEN-
E. For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a certification or other document will be treated as 
“required by law” if it actually is required by law or would be required by law if the income 
from the Notes were treated as arising from sources within the United States for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
(c) 
Each Holder or any third party having an interest in the Notes, Coupons or Receipts shall 
furnish (including by way of updates in such form and at such time as is reasonably requested) 
any information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested to assist in 
obtaining any exemption, reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by 
any taxing authority or other governmental agency (including withholding taxes imposed 
pursuant to FATCA, or any similar or successor legislation or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to any such legislation, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto) upon the Issuer, amounts paid to the Issuer, or amounts distributable by the Issuer to 
such Holder. If an investor fails to provide the Issuer with any correct, complete and accurate 
information that may be required for the Issuer (or any equity holder therein) to comply with 
FATCA, including to prevent U.S. federal withholding tax on payments to the Issuer (or any 
equity holder therein), the Issuer is authorized to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to 
the investor, to compel the investor to sell its Notes and, if the investor does not sell its Notes 
after notice from the Issuer, to sell the investor's Notes on behalf of the investor. 
(12) 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Subject to Condition (12)(c), the Note Trustee at its discretion may, and, if so requested 
in writing by the Instructing Creditor, shall, (subject in either case to the Note Trustee 
being secured and/or indemnified and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any 
Liability which it may incur) give notice (an "Enforcement Notice") to the Issuer and, 
in the case of Secured Notes, the Security Trustee, that the Notes of such Series are due 
and repayable at their Redemption Amount together with accrued interest to the date 
of payment (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at their Amortised Face Amount) or 
as otherwise specified in the Issuance Document and the Notes of such Series shall

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
accordingly immediately become due and repayable (save to the extent that they had 
already become due and repayable at the time the Enforcement Notice was given) and 
any Custodian Notes outstanding on such date shall be cancelled and, in the case of 
Secured Notes only, the Security constituted by the Security Documents shall become 
enforceable (as provided in the Trust Deed) and the net proceeds of enforcement of the 
Security shall be applied as specified in Condition (4) (Security) upon the occurrence 
of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
(non-payment) if default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the case of 
interest payments or 7 days or more in the case of principal in the payment of 
any sum due in respect of such Notes or any of them; or 
(ii) 
(breach of other obligations) if the Issuer of such Series fails to perform or 
observe any of its other obligations under the Notes, the Trust Deed or any 
other Transaction Document and, where the Note Trustee considers, in its 
absolute discretion that such default can be remedied, such failure continues 
for a period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Note Trustee may permit) 
following the service by the Note Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied (such notice to be served on the Issuer by the Note Trustee 
at the direction of the Instructing Creditor); or 
(iii) 
(winding-up) if any order shall be made by any competent court or any 
resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or an order is 
made for the Issuer's bankruptcy or examination (or any analogous 
proceedings) save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms approved by the 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(iv) 
(insolvency proceedings against Issuer) if (a) any other proceedings are 
initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, examination, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other 
similar proceedings under any laws (but excluding the presentation of any 
application for an administration order) and such proceedings are not being 
disputed in good faith, or (b) an examiner or other receiver, administrator or 
other similar official (not being a receiver or manager appointed by the Security 
Trustee pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed) is appointed in relation to the 
Issuer or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer or (c) an encumbrancer (not being the Security Trustee or 
any Receiver or manager appointed by the Security Trustee) shall take 
possession of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
the Issuer or (d) a distress or execution or other process shall be levied or 
enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (other than, in any such case, by the Note 
Trustee or the Security Trustee or pursuant to any of the Transaction 
Documents) and in any of the foregoing cases (other than in relation to the 
circumstances described in (b) where no grace period shall apply) such order, 
appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) is not discharged or 
stayed or does not cease to apply within 14 days; or 
(v) 
(insolvency proceedings by Issuer) if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself (except in accordance with paragraph (iii) above) 
under any applicable liquidation, examination, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar proceedings under 
any laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
generally; or 
(vi) 
(insolvency) if the Issuer becomes insolvent or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(b) 
The Issuer shall provide written confirmation to the Note Trustee, on an annual basis, 
that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred. 
(c) 
In the event of the Security becoming enforceable following acceleration of the Notes 
as provided in this Condition (12) (Events of Default), the Note Trustee shall (but 
without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to 
the effect of, or being required to account for, such action to the Secured Creditors) 
have the right direct the Security Trustee to enforce its rights under the Transaction 
Documents, in relation to the relevant Mortgaged Property in relation to such Series 
only, provided that neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be required 
to take any action that would involve the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee (as 
applicable) in any liability or expense unless previously secured and/or pre-funded 
and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The provisions of the Trust Deed are expressed to apply separately to each Series. 
Accordingly, the occurrence of an Event of Default under one Series does not per 
se constitute an Event of Default under any other Series. 
The Events of Default may be varied or amended in respect of any Series of Notes 
as set out in the Issuance Document. 
(13) 
Disposal and Enforcement 
(a) 
Disposal of Underlying Assets 
(i) 
Following (i) receipt of a Disposal Event Notice under Condition 9(b)(Mandatory 
Redemption); or (ii) the occurrence of any other circumstances as specified in the 
applicable Issuance Document for the relevant Series of Notes, the Disposal Agent shall 
arrange the sale of the Underlying Assets with a view to liquidating such Underlying 
Assets as soon as reasonably practicable, provided that none of the Disposal Agent and 
Issuer shall have any liability if the liquidation of the Underlying Assets is not effected, 
for any reason outside of its control, by the end of the 90th calendar day following receipt 
of any of the above specified notices (the “Liquidation End Period”). If any of the 
Underlying Assets has not been liquidated in full by the end of the Liquidation End 
Period, then the Underlying Assets that have not been converted to cash shall be deemed 
to have a value of zero. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or Disposal Agent (as applicable) may take such 
steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect such liquidation, including, but not 
limited to, selecting the method of liquidating the Underlying Assets, provided that the 
Issuer or Disposal Agent (as applicable) shall act as soon as reasonably practicable 
within the available timeframe and in a commercially reasonable manner and further 
provided that the Issuer or Disposal Agent (as applicable) shall be entitled to effect any 
liquidation of the Underlying Assets by way of one or multiple transactions on a single 
or multiple days. 
(iii) 
The Issuer and the Disposal Agent may agree that any sale of the Underlying Assets 
may be made by the Issuer to the Disposal Agent and in such circumstance, the Disposal 
Agent would be acting on a strictly principal-to-principal basis and not as an agent of, 
or broker for, the Issuer. 
(iv) 
The Disposal Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall procure that the amounts arising 
from the liquidation of the Underlying Assets are credited to the Cash Account or to any 
other account opened by the Issuer (as specified in the relevant Issuance Document) not 
later than the Business Day immediately following the date on which the liquidation of

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
the relevant Underlying Assets is completed in order for such amounts to be applied in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority.  
(v) 
None of the Issuer and the Disposal Agent shall be liable to the Trustee, the Noteholders 
or any other party in respect of any agreement entered into, action or determination 
made or price obtained or paid, as applicable, in respect of the liquidation of the 
Underlying Assets by the Disposal Agent pursuant to this Condition. 
(vi) 
None of the Note Trustee nor the Issuing and Paying Agent shall have any duty to 
monitor the Issuer or the Disposal Agent in respect of the liquidations and disposals 
made and any other action taken by them under this Condition and shall not have any 
obligation, responsibility or liability in respect thereof. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
The Note Trustee may, at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such action under 
or in connection with any of the Transaction Documents as it may think fit (including, without 
limitation, directing the Security Trustee to take any action under or in connection with any of 
the Transaction Documents or, after the issuance of an Enforcement Notice, to take steps to 
enforce the Security), provided that: 
(a) 
the Note Trustee shall not be bound to take any such action unless it shall have been 
so directed by the Instructing Creditor; 
(b) 
(except where expressly provided otherwise) the Security Trustee shall not, and shall 
not be bound to, take any such action unless it shall have been so directed by (i) the 
Note Trustee or (ii) if there are no Notes outstanding, all of the other Secured 
Creditors; and 
(c) 
neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be bound to take any such 
action unless it shall have been indemnified and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Only the Note Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents and enforce the rights of the Noteholders including directing 
the Security Trustee to enforce the Security in relation to the Underlying Assets of the relevant 
Series.  No Noteholder is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any other party or 
any assets of the Issuer unless the Note Trustee or Security Trustee, as applicable, having 
become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and the Security 
Documents, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is 
continuing. 
(14) 
Limited Recourse 
If the amounts realised from the Mortgaged Property (in respect of Secured Notes), or 
Unsecured Series Property (in respect of Unsecured Notes) or of any Series (including, without 
limitation, a realisation of the Security or a sale or redemption of the Underlying Assets and 
termination of any Related Agreement in accordance with these Conditions) are not sufficient 
(after meeting any Liabilities or remuneration of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, the 
Agents, the Corporate Services Provider, the Note Custodian and any Receiver and another 
appointee of the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee under the Trust Deed, and any other 
amounts that rank in priority to the Notes of such Series as specified in the Supplemental Trust 
Deed and/or identified in the Issuance Document) to make payment of all amounts due in 
respect of the Notes of such Series and all other Secured Obligations with respect to that Series 
including, without limitation any amount due to the Counterparty as a result of the termination 
of any Related Agreement, no other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet that shortfall.  
Any such shortfall shall be borne in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority (applied in 
reverse order).  Any claim of the Holders of the relevant Series remaining after such 
application shall be extinguished and such Holders will have no further recourse to the Issuer

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
and any failure to make any payment in respect of such shortfall shall in no circumstances 
constitute an Event of Default under Condition (12) (Events of Default). 
After realisation of the Security in respect of the Secured Notes which has become enforceable 
or following the liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property by the Issuer (in the case of 
Unsecured Notes) and distribution of the net proceeds thereof, neither the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, if applicable, nor any Noteholder (if any) may take any further steps against 
the Issuer or any of its assets to recover any sums due but unpaid in respect of the Notes and 
all claims against the Issuer in respect of each such sum unpaid shall be extinguished. 
No Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder, Note Trustee or Security Trustee, may 
institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-
up, examination, re-organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except 
for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed) or 
other similar proceeding under any law for so long any Notes are outstanding. The Secured 
Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders (if any) accept and agree that the only remedy 
of the Security Trustee against the Issuer after any of the Secured Notes of that Series have 
become due and payable pursuant to Condition (10) (Payments) is to enforce the Security for 
the relevant Series. 
In the case of Notes issued by Memel, each Series of Notes is issued by Memel acting in 
respect of its relevant protected cell as specified in the relevant Issuance Document for such 
Series. Each protected cell of Memel is a protected cell of a Jersey protected cell company and 
holders of Notes will only have recourse to the assets attributable to that protected cell related 
to the applicable Series of Notes from time to time. Holders of Notes will not have recourse 
to any assets attributed to any other protected cell of Memel or any assets held by Memel in 
its own capacity. 
The net proceeds of enforcement of the security or realisation of the Mortgaged Property 
(in respect of Secured Notes) or the liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property (in respect 
of the Unsecured Notes) for the relevant Series may be insufficient to pay all amounts due 
to the Secured Creditors or Unsecured Noteholders (as applicable) in respect of such Series 
in which event claims in respect of all such amounts will be extinguished. 
(15) 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (which, 
for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9(d) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes)) in respect thereof. 
(16) 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons 
If any Bearer Note, Registered Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or, 
in the case of Registered Note Certificates, the Registrar in Dublin upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as 
to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
(17) 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders of a Series to 
consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Document. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in the Principal Amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, or, at any adjourned such meeting, 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders of the relevant Series, whatever the 
Principal Amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that, inter alia, the terms of the 
security and certain terms concerning the amount and currency and the postponement of the 
due dates of payment of the Notes and the Coupons or Receipts (if any) may be modified only 
by resolutions passed at a meeting the quorum at which shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing two thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting, not less than one third, in 
Principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding. In 
addition, a Written Resolution or an Electronic Resolution (each as defined below) will take 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders (and any Couponholders and 
Receiptholders) of the relevant Series, whether or not they were present at such meeting.  
As used in these Conditions: 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders 
of not less than 75 per cent in aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Such resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
"Electronic Resolution" means a resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent in aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding 
The Holder of a Global Note will be treated as two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirement of a Meeting of Noteholders. 
The Note Trustee may agree, or may direct the Security Trustee to agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, to: 
(i) any modification to any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
which is in the opinion of the Note Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) any other modification (except as mentioned therein), or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of any provisions, of the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document which in the opinion of the Note Trustee is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Note Trustee may also, without the consent of the Noteholders, determine that an Issuer 
Event of Default shall not, or shall not subject to specified conditions, be treated as such. 
Any such modification, authorisation, waiver or determination may be made on such terms 
and subject to such conditions as may seem fit and proper to the Note Trustee, shall be binding 
upon the Noteholders and any other Secured Creditor relating to such Series and, unless the 
Note Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Authorisation 
The Issuer will not, except as specified in the Issuance Document, exercise any rights in its 
capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to or participating in the Underlying 
Assets, unless directed to do so by the Note Trustee and, if such direction is given, the Issuer 
will act only in accordance with such directions.  In particular, the Issuer will not attend or 
vote at any meeting of holders of, or other persons interested or participating in, or entitled to

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
the rights or benefits (or a part thereof) under, the Underlying Assets or give any consent, 
waiver, indulgence, time or notification or make any declaration in relation to such Underlying 
Assets unless it shall have been so directed by the Note Trustee in writing. 
(c) 
Substitution 
(i) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Note Trustee to agree and in the 
case of a Secured Series, to direct the Security Trustee to agree without the consent of 
the Noteholders and whether pursuant to Condition 9(b)(i)(C)(z) or otherwise to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the 
Notes of any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction). 
(ii) 
In connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Note Trustee may agree 
and, in the case of any Secured Series, may direct the Security Trustee to agree to a 
change of the law governing the Trust Deed, and/or any other Transaction Document 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Note Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and provided in respect of a change in 
Transaction Documents the relevant amendment provisions are complied with. 
The Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree and, in the case 
of a Secured series, may direct the Security Trustee to agree to a change in the place 
of residence of the Issuer for taxation purposes provided the Issuer does all such things 
as the Note Trustee may require in order that such change in the place of residence of 
the Issuer for taxation purposes is fully effective and complies with such other 
requirements in the interests of the Noteholders as the Note Trustee may direct. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no substitution shall be made if it will cause Double 
Withholding to apply (unless Double Withholding was already applicable (as specified 
in the Issuance Document)). 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Note Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions under these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (including but not limited to 
those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution as aforesaid) the Note Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the 
Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Noteholders, whatever their number) and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Noteholders (whatever their number) or of holders of any other notes or bonds, resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject 
to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Note 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholders be entitled to claim, from 
the Issuer, the Note Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
(18) 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in respect of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes  
Notices to holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper in Jersey and in a leading English language daily newspaper 
in London (expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having daily circulation in general circulation in 
Europe. 
Any such notice to holder of Bearer Notes shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
first publication or if earlier, the date that such notice is filed with the Companies 
Announcements Office of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin). Couponholders and

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Receiptholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if posted to them at 
their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the date of posting 
or, if so agreed with the relevant Noteholder, will be given to them by fax or email.  
The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices to holders of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
are, so long as such Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) and the 
guidelines of that exchange so require, filed with the Companies Announcements Office of 
the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) and otherwise duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules, regulations and guidelines of the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext 
Dublin) or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed.   
Until such time as any Definitive Notes or as the case may be, Registered Note Certificates 
are issued, and so long as the Global Notes representing such Notes are held in their entirety 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other relevant clearing system, for communication by them 
to the holders of the Notes (and the provisions of the paragraphs above in this Condition shall 
not apply) and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, such notice will be filed 
with that stock exchange.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other relevant clearing system. 
(19) 
Note Trustee and Security Trustee's Indemnification, Retirement and Removal 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Note Trustee and Security 
Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any 
action including taking proceedings to enforce repayment (in the case of Secured Notes) unless 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. The Note Trustee and 
Security Trustee or any of their affiliates are entitled to enter into business transactions with 
the Issuer, any issuer or guarantor of (or other obligor in respect of) any of the securities or 
other assets, rights and/or benefits comprising the Mortgaged Property or Unsecured Series 
Property or the Noteholders or any of their respective subsidiaries or associated companies 
without accounting to the Noteholders for any profit resulting therefrom. 
Each of the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee, in the absence of negligence, wilful default 
or fraud, is exempted from any liability in respect of any loss, diminution in value or theft of 
all or any part of the Unsecured Series Property and Mortgaged Property respectively, from 
any obligation to insure all or any part of the Property and Mortgaged Property (including, in 
either such case, any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same or 
transferring any rights, benefits and/or obligations thereunder) or to procure the same to be 
insured or monitoring the adequacy of any insurance arrangements and from any claim arising 
if all or any part of the Underlying Assets (or any such document aforesaid) are held in an 
account with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any similar clearing system in 
accordance with that system's rules or otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian or a 
bank or other custodian selected by the Security Trustee. Neither the Note Trustee nor the 
Security Trustee will incur no liability, vicarious or otherwise, for any actions or inactions of 
the Custodian. 
The Note Trustee was appointed trustee in respect of notes and the Security Trustee was 
appointed in respect of the Secured Notes, to be issued by the Issuer under the Programme 
pursuant to the terms of the Principal Trust Deed.  Pursuant to the terms of the Principal Trust 
Deed, the Note Trustee and Security Trustee may retire upon the giving of three months' notice 
to the Issuer and each Noteholder or may be removed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Holders of the relevant Series of Notes.  Following notice of retirement or removal of the Note 
Trustee or Security Trustee being duly given, the Issuer shall procure the appointment of a

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
new note trustee or security trustee (as applicable) as soon as reasonably practicable and such 
retirement or removal shall not become effective until a successor note trustee or security 
trustee (as applicable)has been appointed in accordance with the terms of the Principal Trust 
Deed.  If, in such circumstances, no appointment of such new note trustee or security trustee 
(as applicable)has become effective within three months of the date of such notice or 
Extraordinary Resolution, the Note Trustee or Security Trustee (as applicable) shall be entitled 
to appoint a Trust Corporation as note trustee or security trustee (as applicable)of the Principal 
Trust Deed, but no such appointment shall take effect unless previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of the relevant Series, where "Trust Corporation" 
means a corporation entitled by rules made under the Public Trustee Act 1906 or entitled 
pursuant to any other comparable legislation applicable to a trustee in any other jurisdiction to 
carry out the functions of custodian trustee.   
The Note Trustee is only required to act on the instructions of the Instructing Creditor when 
exercising any of its powers, duties or discretions in relation to a particular Series of Notes.  
The Note Trustee is not liable for any loss that may be suffered by any Secured Creditors when 
it is acting on the instructions of the Instructing Creditor. 
Irrespective of whether the Instructing Creditor for a particular Series of Notes is the 
Counterparty or the Noteholders, the Note Trustee is not required to take any action unless it 
has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any Liability 
which it may incur in so acting. 
(20) 
Further Issues 
(a) 
 Restrictions on further issues and transactions 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders) issue further Notes 
(which may be consolidated and form a single series with any Series of Notes if issued in 
accordance with Condition 20(b)) which are secured by or rely for their payment on inter alia 
(save in the case of further Notes forming a single series with Custodian Notes) assets of the 
Issuer other than any existing Mortgaged Property or any existing Underlying Series Property 
and the Issuer's share capital and transaction fees and issued on terms that provide for the 
extinction of all claims in respect of such Notes after application of the proceeds of 
enforcement of the security over or the liquidation of the assets on which such further Notes 
are secured or rely for their payment on (as the case may be) and that prevent transaction 
creditors from taking steps to wind up the Issuer. Any such further Notes shall be constituted 
by a Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of such Notes. 
(b) 
 Restrictions on fungible issues 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders) issue further Notes 
that have, when issued, the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects and that are 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes provided that in the case of a further issue 
of Secured Notes only the Issuer provides additional security for such new Secured Notes that 
comprises assets that are fungible with the Mortgaged Property.  The Issuer is not required to 
determine whether any further issuance of Notes is fungible with the Notes for any legal or 
tax purposes.  
(21) 
Purchase of Notes 
All Notes repurchased by the Issuer may be cancelled, in which case the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. Absent such cancellation and 
notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, all Notes held by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, shall be deposited with the Note Custodian and shall carry the same rights as Custodian 
Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(22) 
Governing Law 
The Principal Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts 
and the Talons (if any) and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by English law. Any Security Document and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by the 
law specified therein. 
(23) 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes or the Trust Deed 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or 
remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
 
Clearing and settlement of the Notes will be effected in accordance with the operating procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary is the 
holder of a Global Certificate for a series, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as 
the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes of such series represented 
by such Global Certificate for all purposes under the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Notes.  
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the holder thereof.  None of the 
Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Dealer or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
facilitate the initial issue of the Notes and cross-market transfers of the Notes associated with 
secondary market trading. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders and provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are worldwide financial 
institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing 
corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other 
institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either 
system. 
Distributions of principal and any other amounts with respect to book-entry interests in the Notes held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the extent received by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg from the Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg customers in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and procedures. 
The holdings of book-entry interests in Notes in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. Beneficial ownership in Notes will be 
held through financial institutions as direct and indirect participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and every other 
intermediate holder in the chain to the beneficial owner of book-entry interests in the Notes, will be 
responsible for establishing and maintaining accounts for their participants and customers having 
interests in the book-entry interests in the Notes. The Registrar will be responsible for maintaining a 
record of the aggregate holdings of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or holders of Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes. The Paying Agent will be responsible for ensuring that payments received by it from 
the Issuer for holders of interests in the Notes holding through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
are credited to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Payments to holders of 
Notes represented by Definitive Notes will be made in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Notes; however, holders of book-entry interests 
in the Notes may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and operation of accounts 
in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in Global Certificates will be in uncertificated book-entry form. Purchasers electing to hold 
book-entry interests in the Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accounts will 
follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds. Book-entry interests in the 
Global Certificates will be credited to Euroclear participant securities clearance accounts on the 
business day following the closing date against payment (for value the closing date), and to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant securities custody accounts on the closing date against payment 
in same day funds. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to 
conventional eurobonds. 
The information in this section regarding the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
in order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Notes among participants of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable but 
prospective investors are advised to make their own enquiries as to such procedures. None of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, 
the Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Dealer, or any affiliate of any 
of the foregoing will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any 
purpose of the arrangements described above.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
MEMEL CAPITAL PCC AND ITS PROTECTED CELLS 
General 
Memel was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 116063) as a public company with limited 
liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 26 June 2014 for a period of unlimited duration. 
Memel was converted to a protected cell company pursuant to that Law on 3 February 2021. 
Memel may by special resolution create protected cells from time to time (each, an “Issuer”, such term 
to include, where the context requires, Memel acting in respect of that protected cell). Each protected 
cell of Memel will be established as a protected cell under the laws of Jersey and information relating 
to each of such protected cell of Memel will be contained in the relevant Issuance Document.  
One ordinary share of GBP1.00 in the share capital of Memel is held by Crestbridge Corporate 
Nominees Limited, and pursuant to an Instrument of Trust dated 2 July 2014 one ordinary share of 
GBP1.00 in the share capital of Memel is held upon trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited, in its capacity as trustee of The Memel Capital Charitable 
Trust (in such capacity, the "Share Trustee"), a company incorporated in Jersey. The registered office 
of the Share Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD.  The Share Trustee will have no 
beneficial interest in and derive no benefit (other than fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding 
of shares in the Memel. The objects of the Memel are unrestricted. 
Memel’s LEI is 635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75. 
Registered Office and Telephone Number 
Memel’s registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier Jersey JE1 0BD. Memel’s telephone number 
is +44 (0)1534 835 600.  
Management 
The Directors of Memel and each Memel Issuer are: 
Name 
 
Principal Occupation 
Timothy Charles Ridgway 
Director, Governance Services 
 
Stuart John Conroy 
Director, Head of Open Ended Funds  
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Affiliates of the Directors of Memel provide ongoing administrative services to Memel (and any of its 
protected cells from time to time) at commercial rates. 
The business address of each of the Directors of Memel is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The secretary of Memel is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 0BD. 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the "Corporate Administrator") provides 
administration services to Memel pursuant to: 
(a) 
a corporate administration agreement dated October 2014 (the "Corporate Administration 
Agreement") made between Memel (acting in respect of itself and all of its protected cells), 
the Corporate Administrator and the Share Trustee; and

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(b) 
a side letter to the Corporate Administration Agreement and related fee letter dated 1 October 
2014 between Memel, the Corporate Administrator, the Calculation Agent and the Dealer. 
Business 
Memel has undertaken that, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, it will not, without the 
prior consent in writing of the Note Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or 
engage in any business (other than transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any 
dividends (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative 
programmes of the Issuer), have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise 
acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties 
or assets substantially as an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or 
issue any shares. 
Memel may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue secured and/or 
unsecured notes. Such other programmes are not themselves being established by this Base Prospectus, 
but will include covenants, limited recourse and non-petition provisions substantially in line with the 
relevant provisions under the Programme in order to ensure segregation of assets in respect of notes 
issued under such programmes. Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme, will 
have a base prospectus, an offering circular or other offering document separate from this Base 
Prospectus and will be subject to separate approval by the Central Bank and the Commission or any 
other competent authority, as appropriate. 
Memel has no assets other than the Series Assets allocated to each protected cell with respect to each 
relevant Series, the benefit of any agreement relating to each Series, assets in respect of other 
programmes, the sum of £2.00 representing the issued and paid-up share capital and fees generated in 
connection with the issue of the notes and of other notes.  The Issuer has no employees. 
The only assets of a protected cell of Memel which are available to meet the claims of the holders of 
notes issued by Memel acting in respect of such protected cell will be (a) in the case of Secured 
Noteholders, the property on which such notes are secured or (b) in the case of Unsecured 
Noteholders, the property which Memel acting in respect of such protected cell has allocated to such 
Unsecured Series. 
The Notes issued by Memel are obligations of the relevant protected cell of Memel alone and not of 
any other protected cells of Memel or the Share Trustee. 
Capitalisation  
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of Memel at the date hereof: 
 
US$ 
Shareholders’ funds: 
 
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of £1.00 each) 
2.701 
Indebtedness 
 
Issue of EUR 13,552,637 Basket Linked Notes under the US$30,000,000,000 
secured and unsecured notes programme dated 5 March 2021   
 15,450,006.002 
Total capitalisation 
US$ 15,450,008.70 
 
1 Amounts in £ have been converted to US$ at an exchange rate of £1 : US$ 1.35. €1 : 1.14 
2 103 notes issued at a price of EUR 131,579. No certificates are held by the certificate custodian as at 9 February 2022.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Each protected cell of Memel shall have an authorised share capital of £10,000 divided into 10,000 
shares of £1.00 each. Each protected cell of Memel shall issue 2 fully paid ordinary shares to Memel. 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of Memel since the date of the information 
contained in the above table. 
Financial statements 
The Memel prepares annual accounts which are audited and interim unaudited accounts. The most 
recent published audited accounts of Memel are in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 
2020.  The Principal Trust Deed requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Note Trustee, 
on an annual basis, that no Event of Default or other matter which is required to be bought to the Note 
Trustee’s attention has occurred. The audited accounts and auditor's report of Memel for the financial 
years 
ended 
31 December 
2019 
and 
31 
December 
2020 
are 
available 
at 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents and incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, as specified under section “General Information” of this Base Prospectus.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Memel Issuer are Grant Thornton of Kensington Chambers, 46/50 Kensington 
Place, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 1ET. The auditors are Certified Public Accountants. The auditors are 
members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD 
General 
Alphabeta was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 110792) as a public company with limited 
liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 May 2012 for a period of unlimited duration. 
The Issuer changed its name from Oder Capital Limited to alphabeta access products ltd on 10 August 
2018. 
One ordinary share of GBP1.00 in the share capital of Alphabeta is held by Crestbridge Corporate 
Nominees Limited, and pursuant to an Instrument of Trust dated 24 May 2012 one ordinary share of 
GBP1.00 in the share capital of Alphabeta is held upon trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of The Oder Capital Charitable Trust 
(in such capacity, the "Share Trustee"), a company incorporated in Jersey.  The registered office of 
the Share Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD.  The Share Trustee will have no 
beneficial interest in and derive no benefit (other than fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding 
of shares in the Issuer. 
The objects of Alphabeta are unrestricted. 
Alphabeta’s LEI is 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96. 
Registered Office and Telephone Number 
Alphabeta’s registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier Jersey JE1 0BD. The Issuer’s telephone 
number is +44 (0)1534 835 600.  
Management 
The Directors of Alphabeta are: 
Name 
 
Principal Occupation 
Timothy Charles Ridgway 
Director, Governance Services 
 
Stuart Conroy 
Director, Head of Open Ended Funds 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Affiliates of the Directors of Alphabeta provide ongoing administrative services to Alphabeta at 
commercial rates. 
The business address of each of the Directors of Alphabeta is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The secretary of Alphabeta is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD. 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the "Corporate Administrator") provides 
administration services to Alphabeta pursuant to: 
(a) 
a corporate administration agreement dated 29 June 2012 (the "Corporate Administration 
Agreement") made between the Issuer, the Corporate Administrator and the Share Trustee; 
and

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(b) 
a side letter to the Corporate Administration Agreement and related fee letter dated 18 August 
2016 between Alphabeta as Issuer, the Corporate Administrator, the Calculation Agent and 
the Dealer. 
Business 
Alphabeta has undertaken that, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, it will not, without 
the prior consent in writing of the Note Trustee incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or 
engage in any business (other than transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any 
dividends (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative 
programmes of the Issuer), have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise 
acquire any real property, consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties 
or assets substantially as an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or 
issue any shares (other than such shares as were in issue on or 29 May 2012). 
Alphabeta may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue secured and/or 
unsecured notes. Such other programmes are not themselves being established by this Base Prospectus, 
but will include covenants,  limited recourse and non-petition provisions substantially in line with the 
relevant provisions under the Programme in order to ensure segregation of assets in respect of notes 
issued under such programmes. Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme, will 
have a base prospectus, an offering circular or other offering document separate from this Base 
Prospectus and will be subject to separate approval by the Central Bank and the Commission or any 
other competent authority, as appropriate.  
Alphabeta has no assets other than the Series Assets with respect to each Series, the benefit of any 
agreement relating to each Series, assets in respect of other programmes, the sum of £2.00 representing 
the issued and paid-up share capital and fees generated in connection with the issue of the notes and 
of other notes.  Alphabeta has no employees. 
The only assets of Alphabeta available to meet the claims of the holders of notes of Alphabeta will be 
(a) in the case of Secured Noteholders, the property on which such notes are secured or (b) in the case 
of Unsecured Noteholders, the property which Alphabeta has allocated to such Unsecured Series. 
The Notes are obligations of Alphabeta alone and not of the Share Trustee. 
Capitalisation  
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of Alphabeta at the date hereof: 
 
US$ 
Shareholders’ funds: 
 
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of £1.00 each) 
US$ 2.70 
Indebtedness 
 
Series 6 U.S. $500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Lynx (Cayman) 
fund limited under the Programme 
1,309,3773 
Series 16 EUR 3,250 Certificates Series 16 basket linked Certificates 
24,338,1064 
 
3 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but 497,343, 804 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as 31 December 2021 
4 EUR 3,250 issued, but 2,900 3,050 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Series 19 U.S. $500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Two Trees 
Certificate Cayman Fund Limited under the Programme 
3,103,8055 
Series 20 US$500,000,000 Certificates linked to the Shares of RAM (Cayman) 
Systematic DIVALPHA Limited 
10,384,4766 
Series 23 EUR 3,000 Certificates Series 23 basket linked Certificates 
78,558,5987 
Series 24 EUR 7,500 Certificates Series 24 basket linked Certificates 
611,214,1738 
Series 25 U.S. 1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Bayforest 
Cayman Fund Limited under the Programme  
10,270,2779 
Series 26 U.S $ 2,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of AQR Commodity 
1 (Cayman) Limited 
124,310 
Repack 2 – 2,000,000 Notes issued linked to AT & T Inc 4.35% Bond 2029 and 
MS BV Warrant 
1,943,656 
German ETP Programme 
3,064,733 
Swedish ETP Programme 
379,511 
Total capitalisation 
US$ 741,246,778 
 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of Alphabeta since the date of the information 
contained in the above table. 
Alphabeta has no other outstanding indebtedness as at the date hereof. 
Financial statements 
Alphabeta prepares annual accounts which are audited and interim unaudited accounts. The most 
recent published audited accounts of Alphabeta are in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 
2020.  The Principal Trust Deed requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Note Trustee, 
on an annual basis, that no Event of Default or other matter which is required to be bought to the Note 
Trustee’s attention has occurred.  The audited accounts and auditor's report of Alphabeta for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 are available at 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents and incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, as specified under section “General Information” of this Base Prospectus. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Alphabeta are Deloitte LLP of Gaspé House, 66-72 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 
3QT, United Kingdom. The auditors are Certified Public Accountants. The auditors are members of 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
 
 
5 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but 497,008,339 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
6 US$ 500,000,000 issued but 494,030,882 of Certificates held by Certificate Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
7 EUR 3,000 issued but 2,340 of Certificates held by Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
8 EUR 7,500 issued but 2,554 of Certificates held by Custodian as at 31 December 2021. 
9 US$ 1,000,000,000 issued but 929,789,720 of Certificates held by Custodian as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
 
The Swap - General 
The Issuer may enter into a Swap, in respect of a Series, with the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement (see "The Swap Counterparty" section below). If entered into, a Swap would be governed 
by English law.  
The relevant Issuance Document in respect of a Series of Notes will specify whether a Swap is entered 
into under the Swap Agreement in connection with such Series of Notes. 
The structure of the Swap may change depending on the structure of the relevant Series of Notes, but 
in general terms when a Swap is entered into in connection with a Series of Notes, save as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Issuance Document: 
(i) the Issuer may pay an upfront payment or financing rate and/or redemption proceeds from the 
Underlying Assets from such Series to the Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) the Swap Counterparty will be required upon each coupon payment date or redemption of such 
Notes to pay to the Issuer amounts equal to the Coupon Amount or Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes hedged by the Swap; 
(iii) the termination date of the Swap, in respect of a Series, will be the Maturity Date of the Notes 
of such Series unless otherwise specified in the terms of the Swap or the Issuance Document. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may also enter into a credit support 
document collateralising the Issuer's obligations under the Swap. 
In addition to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms 
of a Swap Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust 
Deed) also agree to any modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders.  
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed 
as such).  
(1) 
Payments  
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
and vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations 
and will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of 
the Underlying Assets relating to such Notes.  
The structure of the Swap may change depending on the structure of the relevant Series of Notes, but 
in general terms when a Swap is entered into in connection with a Series of Notes, payments required 
between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are designed to ensure that, 
following the making of such payments, the Issuer will have such funds, when taken together with 
remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received in respect of the 
Underlying Assets relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such 
Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its 
obligation:  
(i) to pay the purchase price for the Underlying Assets relating to the relevant Series;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(ii) to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or  
(iii) to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, 
accountants, auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or are 
attributable to such Notes.  
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no 
restriction upon the payments that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from 
the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. As with payments under the Swap Agreement, the 
provisions of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the provisions 
that may be agreed under the Credit Support Annex. 
(2) 
Events of Default  
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination 
of the Swap Agreement.  
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to:  
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement 
required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
(ii) 
failure by the Issuer to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any 
payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by 
it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
(iii) 
the Issuer disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or 
challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder;  
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Issuer in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or repeated;  
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and  
(vi) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, 
another entity in circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to 
assume all the obligations of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement.  
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to:  
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
(ii) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation 
(other than any payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or 
performed by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, 
or challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder;  
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated;  
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
(vi) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or 
transferring all or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or 
reconstituting into or as, another entity in circumstances where (a) the resulting, surviving or 
transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement or any credit support document (for example, a guarantee) relating thereto or (b) 
the benefits of any credit support document relating to the Swap Agreement fail to extend 
(without the consent of the entity providing the credit support) to the performance by such 
resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations under the Swap Agreement.  
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may 
give a notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement on the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date or the Relevant Payment Date in respect of the Series, as applicable. 
(3) 
Termination Events  
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
the occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under 
the Swap Agreement. These include:  
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events (in the case of illegality, including 
with respect to any member of the Swap Counterparty’s group);  
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding 
or a deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a 
change in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the 
entry into of the relevant Swap Transaction(s);  
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding 
or a deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty;  
(iv) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is 
itself caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement);  
The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer 
and/or the Swap Counterparty, as provided in the Swap Agreement (depending, amongst other things, 
on who is the “Affected Party” (as defined in the Swap Agreement)), to terminate the Swap Agreement. 
If the event described in paragraph (iv) above occurs, an Early Termination Date will be deemed to 
have been designated by the Swap Counterparty (or the Issuer where the early redemption of the Notes 
arises as a result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) without the need for a notice of 
termination.  
(4) 
Early Termination Amount  
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer 
determines the Early Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap 
Agreement. Where the termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting 
party who makes the determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the 
Swap Agreement will specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in 
certain circumstances, that both parties will make such determination).  
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the 
party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and 
obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Swap Agreement as the “Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement.  
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will 
be set out in the applicable Issuance Document.  
(5) 
Credit Support Annex  
If specified in the applicable Issuance Document, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support Annex 
with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. Credit support will be provided by the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty (or from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer) or both the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty will provide credit support to each other (as specified in the relevant Issuance 
Document). 
The Credit Support Annex will be in the form of (i) the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation 
Margin (VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) Copyright © 
2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or (ii) any other credit support annex 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., in each case subject to 
certain amendments. The sections below provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support 
Annex and of certain terms used in the Credit Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms 
in full.  
(6) 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support  
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a “Transferor” 
and the recipient of such credit support is known as the “Transferee”.  
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount (VM) for the relevant 
Valuation Date exceeds what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor. Credit 
support will be transferred on a title transfer basis.  
A Delivery Amount (VM) arises if the Exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap 
Agreement exceeds the value at that time of the credit support then provided by the Transferor (known 
as the Transferor’s “Credit Support Balance (VM)”), but with the Transferor’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) being adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being 
transferred (by either party) as if it had been transferred. The “Delivery Amount (VM)” will be equal 
to such Exposure minus the value of such credit support.  
If the Delivery Amount (VM) does exceed the Transferor’s Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor 
can then be required to transfer “Eligible Credit Support (VM)” having a Value equal to the Delivery 
Amount (VM). 
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support (VM) is as specified in the applicable Issuance 
Document. Eligible Credit Support (VM) will typically comprise cash in an “Eligible Currency” and 
may also comprise specified securities. For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) is required to be provided as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value 
(see “Value and Exposure” below).  
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type 
back from the Transferee if the parties’ exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the 
Value of the credit support, changes. The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as 
a Return Amount (VM).  
A Return Amount (VM) arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor’s Credit 
Support Balance (VM) (again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of 
being transferred (by either party) as if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement. The “Return Amount (VM)” will be equal to such 
Credit Support Balance (VM) minus such Exposure.  
If the Return Amount (VM) for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the 
Transferee, the Transferee is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, 
description and amount as that comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (known as 
“Equivalent Credit Support (VM)”, up to an aggregate amount having a Value equal to that Return 
Amount (VM).  
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as 
Transferor to the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Collateral to satisfy its 
obligation.  
The “Minimum Transfer Amount” of a Transferor will be USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) or such lower amount as is 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document, or, if not so specified, zero; provided that, at any time 
and from time to time, the Swap Counterparty may designate any amount lower than USD 500,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency as at the time of designation) as the Minimum Transfer Amount for 
either party at that time.  
Any deliveries of credit support are subject to rounding. Cash will be rounded up to the nearest whole 
unit whereas securities will be rounded up to the nearest denomination in the case of a Delivery 
Amount (VM) and down to the nearest denomination in the case of a Return Amount (VM). 
(7) 
Value and Exposure  
The “Exposure” of a party (“X”) to the other (“Y”) under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, 
if any, that would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a 
negative number) under the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market 
basis.  
The “Value” of an item of credit support will be determined:  
• 
for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Base Currency and by then 
multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the 
relevant FX Haircut Percentage; and  
• 
for securities, by taking the value in the Base Currency of the bid price for that security 
obtained by the Valuation Agent (which may include a bid price quoted by itself in good 
faith in a commercially reasonable manner) and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to 
the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut Percentage.  
The Swap Counterparty 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap (if entered into), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSIP") 
will agree to act as the Swap Counterparty.  
MSIP is a public company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of England and Wales 
whose registered office is at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA. MSIP is an indirect 
wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. The principal activity of MSIP is the provision of 
financial services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and individual investors. It is 
authorised and regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the U.K. Prudential Regulation 
Authority. MSIP has certain non-equity securities listed on the main market of the Luxembourg 
Exchange plc which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
To the extent an entity other than MSIP will act as Swap Counterparty in respect of particular Series 
of Notes, the relevant Issuance Document will include relevant information in respect of such entity.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
UNDERLYING ASSETS - DESCRIPTION 
The net proceeds of the Notes of a Series (either from a Secured Series or from an Unsecured Series) 
will be used by the Issuer to acquire bonds or notes of any form, denomination, type and issue or other 
assets as specified in the relevant Issuance Document ("the Underlying Assets"). The Issuer may enter 
into a swap (a "Swap") with the Swap Counterparty, which references the Underlying Assets or 
interests in shares or interests in entities (including, but not limited to, companies, limited partnerships, 
unit trusts and contractual funds), share baskets, equity indices or commodity indices or as otherwise 
specified in the Issuance Document ("Reference Assets"), and whereby the Issuer obtains exposure to 
the Reference Assets. Notes issued on the basis of Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement that are to be 
admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market (as defined below) or 
GEM (as defined below), as applicable, will not be linked to Reference Assets (unless the relevant 
Notes are issued pursuant to a Series Prospectus).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
SPECIFIED UNDERLYING ASSETS AND SPECIFIED SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
Notes to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only 
be issued under this Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation where (i) the Swap Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II (an “EEA Regulated Market”), equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading 
on an EEA Regulated Market equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market (a “Specified 
Swap Counterparty”) and (ii) the Underlying Assets are assets having the following characteristics 
(“Specified Underlying Assets”): 
Issuer of Specified Underlying Assets: 
Any corporate or sovereign 
Status: 
Senior, secured or unsecured 
Legal nature: 
Bonds  
Governing law: 
English law 
Other: 
Admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated 
Market, equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market 
In all other cases, the Swap Counterparty and the Underlying Assets in respect of a Series of Notes 
will be as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or Series Prospectus as applicable.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
TAXATION 
Jersey Taxation  
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Issuer and Noteholders (other than residents 
of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are understood to apply at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and is subject to changes in such taxation law and practice.  It does not constitute 
legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax 
law and practice as they apply to any land or building situate in Jersey).  Prospective investors in the 
Notes should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, selling or 
otherwise disposing of the Notes under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may be liable to 
taxation. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Under Article 123C of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 and on the basis that the Issuer is resident 
for tax purposes in Jersey and not a financial services company, a utility company or a large corporate 
retailer for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended, Memel and any Issuer are 
subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of zero per cent. Payments in respect of the Notes may be paid 
by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey income tax and Noteholders 
(other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale 
or other disposition of such Notes.  
If Memel or the Issuer derive any income from the ownership or development and disposal of land in 
Jersey, such income will be subject to tax at the rate of 20 per cent. It is not expected that Memel or 
the Issuer will derive any such income. 
Noteholders 
Dividends on Securities and redemption proceeds may be paid by the Issuer to non-Jersey resident 
Noteholders without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey income tax. Non-Jersey 
resident Noteholders will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other 
disposition of such Securities. Non-Jersey resident Noteholders will be exempt from Jersey income 
tax on receipt of any distribution from the Issuer. Noteholders who are resident in Jersey for tax 
purposes may be liable to pay income tax on distributions (including redemption proceeds) received 
from the Issuer.   
See also “Taxation in the United States – Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” and “Taxation in the 
United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 871(m)” below. 
Goods and Services Tax 
Jersey imposes a Goods and Services Tax ("GST") on the taxable supply of goods and services in or 
imported into Jersey. The current GST rate is 5 per cent. On the basis that the Issuer has obtained 
International Services Entity status, the Issuer is not: 
(a) 
required to register as a taxable person pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 
2007; 
(b) 
required to charge GST in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) required to pay GST 
in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
The directors of the Issuer intend to continue to conduct the business of the Issuer such that no GST 
will be incurred or be payable by the Issuer.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Stamp duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue, acquisition, ownership, exchange, sale, transfer or other 
disposition of the Notes between living persons except that stamp duty is payable on Jersey grants of 
probate and letters of administration, which will generally be required to transfer the Notes on the 
death of a Noteholder of such Notes.  In the case of a grant of probate or letters of administration, 
stamp duty is levied according to the size of the estate (wherever situate in respect of a Noteholder 
domiciled in Jersey, or situate in Jersey in respect of a Noteholder domiciled outside Jersey). Such 
duties are payable in respect of the net value of the estate (as at the date of death) rounded up to 
the nearest £10,000 at a rate of 0.5 per cent. of the first £100,000 and 0.75 per cent. thereafter up 
to a maximum net value of £13,360,000. The rules for joint holders and holdings through a nominee 
are different and advice relating to this form of holding should be obtained from a professional 
advisor. 
Purchasers of Notes may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance with the 
laws and practices of the country of purchase or other relevant jurisdiction. 
Jersey does not otherwise levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains or gifts nor are there other 
estate duties. 
European Union Directive on the Taxation of Savings Income 
Following the repeal on 1 January 2016 of the EU Savings Tax Directive, and in line with steps 
taken by other relevant third countries, Jersey has suspended its system of automatic communication 
to EU Member States of information regarding payments made by certain Jersey collective 
investment vehicles to EU resident individuals. The introduction of the Common Reporting 
Standard (see below) supersedes the information exchange arrangements previously in place. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD has developed a new global standard for the automatic exchange of financial 
information between tax authorities (the "Common Reporting Standard" or "CRS"). The CRS has 
been implemented in the EU by way of the Revised Directive on Administrative Co-Operation 
(Council Directive 2014/107/EU). Jersey is a signatory to the CRS and commenced exchange of 
information with tax authorities of other signatory jurisdictions in September 2017. 
Jersey legislation which implements the CRS in Jersey came into effect on 1 January 2016 (the 
"Jersey CRS Legislation"). 
In summary, the Jersey CRS Legislation requires "reporting financial institutions" in Jersey to 
identify, review and report on "financial accounts" maintained by them and which are held by 
residents for tax purposes (whether individuals or entities) of jurisdictions with which Jersey has 
agreed to exchange information. The reporting deadline for Jersey reporting financial institutions 
to report to the States of Jersey Comptroller of Taxes is 30 June in the year following the calendar 
year to which the return relates. 
Reports will be made to the States of Jersey Comptroller of Taxes and then passed to the competent 
authority of the jurisdiction in which the account holder is resident. Although the Issuer will 
attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it by the CRS, no assurance can be given that it will 
be able to satisfy such obligations. Implementation of the CRS may require the Issuer to conduct 
additional due diligence and report upon accounts held with it by Noteholders who are reportable 
persons in other participating jurisdictions. The Issuer may require certain additional financial 
information from Noteholders to comply with its due diligence and reporting obligations under the 
CRS. 
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under the CRS may result in penalties being 
imposed on the Issuer and in such event, the target returns of the Issuer may be materially affected. 
All prospective Noteholders must agree to provide the Issuer at the time or times prescribed by

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
applicable law and at such times reasonably requested by the Issuer such information and 
documentation (whether relating to themselves, their investors and/or beneficial owners) prescribed 
by applicable law and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Issuer as may be 
necessary for the Issuer to comply with its obligations under CRS. 
Prospective Noteholders should, as with FATCA, consult their tax advisors with regard to the 
potential CRS tax reporting and certification requirements associated with an investment in the 
Issuer. It is further recommended that Noteholders who are entities consider themselves whether 
they have any obligations to notify their respective investors, Noteholders or account holders 
about the information that the Issuer requests, and the potential disclosures that the Issuer will 
be obliged to make in connection with those persons in complying with its obligations under 
CRS. 
Economic substance 
In response to concerns raised in 2017 by the EU Code of Conduct Group on Business Taxation in 
relation to the need for relevant businesses to demonstrate economic substance in the jurisdiction in 
which they are resident for taxation purposes (including Jersey), Jersey has enacted the Taxation 
(Companies - Economic Substance) (Jersey) Law 2019, which we refer to as the "Substance Law". 
The Substance Law applies to financial periods of Jersey resident bodies corporate starting on or after 
1 January 2019. The Substance Law is administered by the Jersey Comptroller of Revenue, who has 
produced guidance as to its application (in conjunction with the other Crown Dependencies). The 
Substance Law applies to Jersey tax resident companies that carry on banking, insurance, fund 
management, financing and leasing, headquarters, shipping, and holding company or intellectual 
property activities and are in receipt of gross income arising from such activities in any relevant 
financial period. It imposes certain requirements including that such companies be directed and 
managed in Jersey, have core income-generating activities in Jersey and have an adequate level of 
employees, expenditures and premises in Jersey. If any of the relevant activities are performed by a 
Jersey resident company, there is a requirement to satisfy the economic substance test as set out in 
the Substance Law.  
The Issuer is not expected to perform any of the relevant activities as defined in the Substance Law 
based on the currently available guidance. 
The Directors of the Issuer will review this regularly to ensure it remains the case. 
 
In order to avoid the Issuer being subject to withholding taxes or penalties, all investors must 
agree to provide the Issuer at times reasonably requested by the Issuer with such 
information and documentation (whether relating to themselves, their investors and/or 
beneficial owners) reasonably requested by the Issuer. 
 
If you are in any doubt as to your tax position you should consult your professional tax adviser. 
Taxation in the United States — Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
U.S. legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30% on 
payments to certain non-U.S. person (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain 
financial instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have 
been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement (an “IGA”) between the United States and the non-
U.S. person’s jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to certain 
financial institutions that are treated as paying U.S.- source interest or dividends or other U.S.-source 
"fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income. Withholding (if applicable) applies to any 
payment of amounts treated as U.S.-source interest or dividend equivalent payments (as discussed 
below under “Taxation in the United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
Section 871(m)”) on the Notes. Further, although under current law withholding under FATCA does 
not apply any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition (including upon retirement) of the Notes, 
FATCA may apply withholding on gross proceeds in the future to Notes treated as providing for U.S.-
source interest or dividends (including dividend equivalent payments). Similarly, although, under

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
current law, withholding under FATCA does not apply to payments of non-U.S.-source income, such 
withholding could apply under future U.S. Treasury regulations with respect to certain "foreign 
passthru payments." However, proposed Regulations delay the effective date on withholding on any 
such foreign passthru payments to no earlier than two years after issuance of final regulations defining 
the term “foreign passthru payment.” If the terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification", 
the Note generally will be treated as reissued at the time of the significant modification. In such a 
case, the Note’s issue date for purposes of any rules that apply to securities issued on or after a specific 
date will be based on the date of the modification and not the original issue date. If withholding 
applies to the Notes, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts including with 
respect to amounts withheld under FATCA. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the potential application of FATCA to the Notes.  
In addition, in order to comply with its own obligations under FATCA (including an IGA), the Issuer 
may require each Noteholder to provide certifications and identifying information about itself and 
certain of its owners. The Issuer may force the sale in any reasonable manner of a Note held by a 
Noteholder that fails to provide the requested information. The amount received for a Note could be 
less than its then fair market value and the Issuer shall have no liability for any shortfall.  
FATCA IS PARTICULARLY COMPLEX AND ITS APPLICATION TO THE ISSUER, THE 
NOTES AND THE HOLDERS OF NOTES IS UNCERTAIN AT THIS TIME. EACH HOLDER OF 
NOTES SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN A MORE DETAILED 
EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND ADVICE ON HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT IT IN ITS 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Taxation in the United States – Income on Certain Series Treated as U.S. Source Income for U.S. 
Withholding tax Purposes 
Although the Notes will be issued by a non-U.S. entity, income on the Notes of certain Series may 
be at risk of being considered to arise in whole or in part from sources within the United States.  
Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, with respect to those Series, the Issuer will (and assumes 
intermediaries also will) treat all income as arising from sources within the United States and will 
make payments free of U.S. withholding (and backup withholding) taxes only if the holder supplies 
it with appropriate U.S. tax identification and certification forms, typically an IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E.  The Issuance Document for a Series will indicate that the Issuer intends to treat the 
income on that Series of Notes as arising from sources in the United States, if applicable. 
Taxation in the United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 
871(m) 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder 
("Section 871(m)") impose a withholding tax of 30 % (or lower treaty rate applicable to dividends) 
on certain "dividend equivalent payments" paid or deemed paid to non-U.S. investors in certain 
financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (including distributions with respect to certain 
partnerships) or indices that include U.S. equities. Subject to the discussion below concerning Notes 
issued before 1 January 2023, a Note linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (a 
"U.S. equity linked Security") will generally be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime if 
at issuance it (i) has a "delta" of 0.80 or higher with respect to the underlying U.S. equity or (ii) 
substantially replicates the economic performance of the underlying U.S. equity, as determined by a 
"substantial equivalence" test that, among other factors, takes into account the initial number of shares 
of the underlying U.S. equity needed to hedge the transaction fully. The tests described above are set 
forth in the regulations, and the applicable test will depend on the terms of the relevant U.S. equity 
linked Note. Under these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked 
Note does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend. The regulations provide 
for certain exceptions to the withholding requirements, in particular for instruments linked to certain 
broad-based indices (a "qualified index") that meet standards set forth in the regulations. 
Under a notice issued by the of IRS, Section 871(m) will not apply to Notes issued before 1 January 
2023, that do not have a "delta" of one with respect to any U.S. equity. If the terms of a U.S. equity 
linked Note are subject to a "significant modification", the U.S. equity linked Security will generally 
be treated as reissued at the time of the significant modification. The substitution of an alternative

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
rate for LIBOR with respect to a Note referencing a Relevant Rate Benchmark may be treated as a 
significant modification. 
The calculations of "delta" are generally made at the "calculation date", which is the earlier of (i) the 
time of pricing of the Notes, i.e. when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance 
of the Notes. However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the 
Notes, the calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Notes. In those circumstances, information 
regarding the final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after the 
issuance of the Notes. As a result, a Non-U.S. Noteholder should acquire such a Note only if it is 
willing to accept the risk that the Note is treated as subject to withholding. 
The amount of a "dividend equivalent payment" is equal to, for a "simple" contract, the product of 
(a) the per-share dividend amount, (b) the number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity referenced 
in each U.S. equity linked Note and (c) the delta, and for a "complex" contract, the product of (x) the 
per-share dividend amount and (y) the initial hedge. 
The dividend equivalent payment amount will be determined on the earlier of (a) the record date of 
the dividend and (b) the day prior to the ex-dividend date. Withholding will be imposed on the 
dividend equivalent payment amount generally on the later of (a) the determination date of the 
dividend equivalent payment amount and (b) the next date on which a payment on the U.S. equity 
linked Note is made to the non-U.S. investor (including any disposition or redemption of the Note). 
The Issuer will determine whether a U.S. equity linked Note is subject to withholding under Section 
871(m) by performing the calculations described above. If withholding is required, the Issuer will not 
be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to the amounts so withheld. 
The Issuer’s determination is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with this 
determination. Section 871(m) is complex, and its application may depend on the non-U.S. 
Noteholder’s particular circumstances. For example, the application of Section 871(m) may be 
affected if a non-U.S. Noteholder enters into another transaction in connection with the acquisition 
of a U.S. equity linked Note. Accordingly, non-U.S. Noteholders should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Notes in their particular circumstances. 
A proposed change of law, if enacted, would apply section 871(m) to certain transactions the 
payments on which are determined with reference to the income and gain arising from the equity in 
certain partnerships. 
The applicable Issuance Document will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are 
subject to Section 871(m) and, if so, will specify contact details for obtaining additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Notes. If Notes are subject to Section 871(m), a non-
U.S. holder of the Notes should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying 
U.S. securities underlying those Notes.  
Withholding on Payments Received by the Issuer on “Dividend Equivalent Payments” in 
respect of U.S. Equities; Double Withholding 
Alphabeta Notes.  Alphabeta is a “qualified derivatives dealer” (“QDD”) for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. As a QDD, Alphabeta is not subject to U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalent 
payments it receives on the swaps it enters into with the Swap Counterparty over U.S. equities.  If 
Alphabeta loses its status as a QDD, dividend equivalent payments in relation to U.S. dividends it 
receives on its swaps will be subject to a 30% withholding tax, which will be passed on to the holders 
of the Securities.  This 30% tax is in addition to, and is not offset by, a 30% withholding tax on 
dividend equivalents paid (or deemed paid) on the Securities.  None of these withholdings will be 
grossed-up. Accordingly, in the event the Issuer loses its status as a QDD, the Security holders will 
economically suffer two deductions of 30% (this is colloquially referred to as “Double Withholding”).  
See “Memel Notes” immediately below for a further discussion of Double Withholding. 
Memel Notes.  Memel does not currently intend to become a QDD for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. See “Alphabeta Notes” immediately above.   Accordingly, where Section 871(m) Note is 
subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Issuer will typically also be subject to an additional 
30% withholding tax on the income it earns on the assets that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure 
under the Section 871(m) Note.  To offset the potential cost of such withholding, the Issuer will assess

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
an additional 30% charge against gross amounts of dividend equivalent payments made on such 
Section 871(m) Notes.  This 30% charge is referred to herein as “Double Withholding” and will be 
in addition to the 30% withholding tax imposed under Section 871(m) itself. The amount of income 
that will be withheld under section 871(m) will be computed without regard to any double 
withholding.  Further, for simplicity, Double Withholding will be computed as 30% of the dividend 
equivalent payments made on a Section 871(m) Note without any attempt to determine the specific 
amount that was withheld on the Issuer’s assets attributable to the hedging of any particular Section 
871(m) Note.  Thus, the total amount that is effectively withheld will be 60% of any dividend 
equivalents payments.  The Double Withholding likely will (and a portion of the withholding under 
Section 871(m) may) be treated as an adjustment to the amount payable on the Note and not as a 
withholding tax for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes, such as determining the amount of any foreign 
tax credit.  
Treaty Benefits and Foreign Tax Credits 
Central securities depositories in Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark do not (and other Clearing 
Systems may not) provide the identifying information regarding the beneficial owners of any U.S. 
equity linked Note that is necessary for an investor to obtain a reduced rate of withholding on dividend 
equivalent payments.  Thus, the Issuer will not be able to reliably associate dividend equivalent 
payments with valid documentation and will be required to withhold from dividend equivalent 
payments at a rate of 30 per cent. If the beneficial owner of a Security is entitled to a reduced rate of 
withholding under a treaty, this will result in over-withholding. Non-U.S. investors should consult 
with their tax advisers regarding an investment in the Securities (including the possibility of obtaining 
a refund of the U.S. withholding tax). 
 In addition, an investor likely will not be able to claim a foreign tax credit in the country of its 
residence (i) for taxes that it incurs on account of its inability to qualify for a reduced rate under a 
treaty and (ii) in respect of double withholding.  
Taxation in the United States Affects United States Persons Indirectly Acquiring an Interest in 
the Notes 
The characterization of a Note (and the Issuer) for U.S. tax purposes may affect the U.S. tax treatment 
of a U.S. taxpayer that holds (directly or indirectly) an equity interest in a holder of a Note (an “Indirect 
U.S. Holder”) and may not be a suitable investment for such a person.  Prospective investors should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding the characterization of the Notes (and the Issuer) for U.S. tax 
purposes and the effects that the characterization may have on the direct and indirect holders of their 
securities.  The Issuer is not obligated, and does not intend, to provide information necessary for an 
Indirect U.S. Holder to make certain tax elections or otherwise comply with its U.S. tax reporting 
obligations.

--- Page 158 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
158 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
The Dealer Agreement 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Dealer"), entered into to a dealer agreement, as 
may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in respect of the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme (the "Dealer Agreement") and pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
will agree to subscribe or procure subscribers for the Notes of each Series at the issue price 
specified in the applicable Issuance Document for such Notes. Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, 
the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Dealer against certain liabilities, incurred in connection 
with the issue of the Notes.  The Dealer Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Dealer 
upon no less than 15 days' written notice to the other parties. Pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, 
the Dealer will agree to pay for certain of the operating expenses of the Issuer, incurred in 
connection with the issue of the Notes.   
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Dealer Agreement, the Dealer: 
(a) 
on an Issue Date, will agree to subscribe and pay for the maximum number of the Notes 
available in such Series at their issue price, provided the subscription conditions precedent 
are satisfied; 
(b) 
will agree to, on each Underlying Asset Subscription Date on which new or existing 
Noteholders have agreed to purchase further Custodian Notes from the Dealer, purchase 
the same such number of Custodian Notes from the Note Custodian at a price per 
Custodian Note equal to the purchase price of Notes on the relevant Underlying Asset 
Subscription Date. 
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer an amount 
of Notes set out in the Issuance Document at a price per Note equal to their issue price. 
The purchase of Notes by the Dealer is conditional upon there not having been any adverse 
change, development or event reasonably likely to involve a prospective adverse change in the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer which is material in the context of the transaction 
and on the subscription conditions precedent being satisfied on the relevant date. The 
representations and warranties that will be given by the Issuer on the Issue Date for a Series and 
on each date on which Custodian Notes are purchased by the Dealer from the Issuer are as follows: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and Issuance Document for the relevant Series (apart from 
the issue price of the Notes of such Series, the repurchase price of the Custodian 
Notes, the purchase price of Series Assets and details of Series Assets purchased 
on the Issue Date and on each date on which Custodian Notes are sold to the 
Dealer) contains all the information with respect to the Issuer and to the relevant 
Notes which is material in the context of the issue and purchase of the relevant 
Notes; 
(ii) 
the statements contained in this Base Prospectus and Issuance Document for the 
relevant Series (apart from the issue price of the Notes of such Series, the 
repurchase Custodian Notes, the purchase price of the Series Assets being 
purchased on the Issue Date and on each date on which Custodian Notes are sold 
to the Dealer, and whether the Notes are Secured Notes or Unsecured Notes) 
relating to the Issuer are in every material way true and accurate and not 
misleading; 
(iii) 
there are no other facts (apart from the issue price of the Notes of such Series, the 
repurchase price of the Custodian Notes, the purchase price of the Series Assets

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
being purchased on the Issue Date and on each date on which Custodian Notes 
are sold to the Dealer, and whether the Notes are Secured Notes or Unsecured 
Notes) in relation to the Issuer the omission of which would, in the context of the 
issue and sale of the relevant series of Notes, make any statement in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Issuance Document misleading in any respect; 
(iv) 
the Issuer (i) in the case of Notes issued by Memel acting in respect of its 
protected cells from time to time, has been duly created as a protected cell of 
Memel, which is a protected cell company with limited liability and is validly 
existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, or (ii) in the case of 
Notes issued by Alphabeta, has been duly incorporated as a company with limited 
liability and is validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; 
(v) 
the financial statements (if any) of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance 
with the requirements of law and with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the jurisdiction of incorporation or recognition, as the case may be, of the Issuer 
consistently applied and they give a one and fair view of the financial position of 
the Issuer as at the dates at which they were prepared (the “relevant date”), and 
of the results of the operations of the Issuer for the periods in respect of which 
they have been prepared and, since the relevant date, there has not been any 
material adverse change or any development involving a prospective material 
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
the Secured Notes of each Series and the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Transaction Documents will be secured by and in accordance with the Principal 
Trust Deed; 
(vii) 
other than as created by the provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, in 
respect of the Secured Series only, there exists no mortgage, lien, pledge, security 
interest or other charge over any part of the Issuer’s assets or undertaking which, 
had the Principal Trust Deed been executed and the Notes of any Series been 
issued, would rank in priority to or pari passu with the security for the Secured 
Notes of such Secured Series; 
(viii) 
the issue of the Notes and the execution of the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and the creation of the security, in respect of the Secured Series only, 
for the Secured Notes have been duly authorised by the Issuer and that upon due 
execution, issue and delivery the same will constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Issuer enforceable in accordance with their respective terms 
subject to the laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights of creditors 
generally; 
(ix) 
the authorisation of the Programme and the Notes to be issued thereunder and the 
security, in respect of the Secured Series only, therefor under the Principal Trust 
Deed, the offering and issue of the Notes on the terms and conditions contained 
in this Agreement and in the Base Prospectus and the execution and delivery by 
the Issuer of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and 
compliance by the Issuer with the terms of such of those Transaction Documents 
to which it is expressed to be a party: 
(x) 
do not, and will not on the Issue Date of any Series conflict with, or result in a 
breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, the 
constitutive documents of the Issuer or any applicable laws and regulations of its 
jurisdiction of incorporation or recognition, as the case may be, which would

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents; and 
(xi) 
do not, and will not on the Issue Date of any Series infringe the terms of, or 
constitute a default under, any trust deed, agreement or other instrument or 
obligation to which the Issuer is a party or by which the Issuer or any part of its 
properties, undertaking, assets or revenues are bound, where such infringement 
or default might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect in the 
context of the issue of the Notes of the relevant Series; 
(xii) 
the Issuer is not involved in any litigation or arbitration proceedings relating to 
claims or amounts which are material in the context of the Programme or the 
issue of any Series of Notes nor, so far as the Issuer is aware, is any such litigation 
or arbitration pending or threatened; 
(xiii) 
all consents and approvals of any court, government department or other 
regulatory body required by the Issuer for the execution and delivery of the 
Dealer Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the 
issue and distribution of Notes and the performance of the terms of the Notes and 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been obtained and are in 
full force and effect; 
(xiv) 
no event has occurred which would constitute (after the issue of any Notes) an 
Event of Default (under Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
or a Potential Event of Default or a Mandatory Redemption Event under the Notes 
or which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or other condition would 
(after the issue of any Notes) constitute an Event of Default or a Potential Event 
of Default or a Mandatory Redemption Event; 
(xv) 
the Issuer has not engaged in any activities since its recognition or incorporation 
(other than those incidental to its registration under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
recognition and over any other jurisdiction in which it seeks to establish a branch 
and other appropriate steps including the arrangements for the payment of fees to 
its directors, to the authorisation of the establishment of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes and the entry into and performance of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents and the Alternative Programme Agreements to which it 
is a party and the matters contemplated in the Base Prospectus); nor has it paid 
any dividends nor made any distributions (other than dividends of up to US$750 
per Series (if any) or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) 
since its recognition or incorporation; 
(xvi) 
the Issuer has not offered and will not offer any Notes to the public in any 
jurisdictions where such an offer would contravene any relevant law, regulation 
or directive; 
(xvii) (in respect of each Series agreed to be issued and subscribed for as contemplated 
herein) neither the Issuer, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities 
Act) nor any persons (other than the Dealer) acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)) in 
respect of the Notes and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of such Regulation and neither the Issuer, its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage, 
in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) in connection with any offer or sale of 
Notes in the United States; 
(xviii) the Issuer is a “foreign issuer” (as such term is defined in Regulation S) which 
reasonably believes that there is no “substantial U.S. market interest” (as such 
term is defined in Regulation S) in the Issuer’s debt securities; 
(xix) 
neither the Issuer, nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation 
D under the Securities Act (“Regulation D”)), nor any person acting on its or 
their behalf has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to 
result in, or that has constituted or which might reasonably be expected to cause 
or result in, the stabilisation in violation of applicable laws or manipulation of the 
price of any security of the Issuer to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes; 
(xx) 
neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 under the 
Securities Act), nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will 
engage in any “directed selling efforts” (within the meaning of Rule 902) with 
respect to the Notes; 
(xxi) 
neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation 
D), nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any 
form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of 
Regulation D) in connection with any offer and sale of the Notes; 
(xxii) the outstanding securities of the Issuer are owned exclusively by persons who are 
not U.S. persons and the Issuer is not making and does not propose to make a 
public offering in the United States of its securities (terms used in this paragraph 
are used as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment 
Company Act”) except that “U.S. persons” shall have the meaning specified in 
Regulation S); 
(xxiii) that: 
a. it has not engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts (within 
the meaning of Rule 902 under the Securities Act) in connection with the 
offer or sale of the Notes; and 
b. it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes in the United States by means of any form of general solicitation or 
general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities 
Act; and 
c. neither the Issuer nor any of its respective affiliates or any person (other than 
the Dealer) acting on its or their behalf, has made or will make offers or sales 
of any securities under circumstances that would require the registration of 
any of the Notes under the Securities Act or registration of the Issuer under 
the Investment Company Act. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer which would or is intended to permit a public 
offer of Notes of a Series in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, the Dealer has undertaken that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes of a Series or distribute or publish any Base Prospectus, prospectus, form of application, 
advertisement or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other circular, prospectus, form 
of application, advertisement or other material may be distributed in or from or published in any

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
country or jurisdiction except under circumstances which will, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of Notes 
by it will be made on the same terms. 
Selling restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as such terms 
are used in Regulation S) except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Issuer has not registered and will not 
register under the Investment Company Act. Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise 
defined herein have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws 
of any state in the United States, and are subject to U.S. tax requirements. The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States (which term 
includes the territories, the possessions and all other areas subject to the jurisdiction of the United 
States of America) or to or for the account or benefit of a "U.S. Person" (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act or the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986) to any person who 
falls outside the definition of "Non-United States Person" (as defined in rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) of the 
rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission) or to any "U.S. Person" within the meaning 
of the final rules promulgated under Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1940, as 
amended. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus and any Issuance Document have been prepared by the Issuer for use in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons. 
This Base Prospectus and any Issuance Document do not constitute an offer to any person in the 
United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or any Issuance 
Document by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any person 
within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of their contents, without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. 
In addition, the Notes may not be transferred or held by any person that is a “United States 
Person” within the meaning of section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. 
European Economic Area  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Regulation (each, a "Relevant Member State"), the Dealer has represented and 
agreed that with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is 
implemented in that Relevant Member State (the "Relevant Implementation Date") it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State except that 
it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Notes 
to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Dealer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not prior to the consent of the Jersey Registrar 
pursuant to the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended being obtained 
and becoming effective, circulated an invitation to acquire or apply for any Notes in circumstances 
where such invitation constitutes or may constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended or the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 
2002, as amended. For the avoidance of any doubt, this Base Prospectus does not constitute a 
prospectus for the purposes the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended or the Companies 
(General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended and it is not necessary for the prior consent 
of the Jersey Registrar pursuant to the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
amended to be obtained or become effective, prior to the circulation of an invitation to acquire or 
apply for any Notes under this Programme and constituted under this Base Prospectus only.  
Germany  
The Notes may only be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the Federal Republic 
of 
Germany 
in 
compliance 
with 
the 
German 
Securities 
Prospectus 
Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) of June 22, 2005, as amended from time to time, or any other laws 
and regulations applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany in relation to the issuance, offer 
and sale of securities. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in 
compliance with the German Securities Prospectus Act or any other laws and regulations 
applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of 
securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any accompanying Prospectus Supplement nor any other offer 
document in relation to the Notes have been approved by the German Federal Financial Services 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht ("BaFin")) nor have they 
been notified to BaFin by any competent authority in accordance with § 17(3) of the German 
Securities Prospectus Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
If a Issuance Document includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Dealer will be deemed to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any relevant Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by such Issuance 
Document in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic AreaIssuance 
Document:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
If a Issuance Document includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Dealer will be deemed to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any relevant Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by such Issuance 
Document in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in respect of any Series.

--- Page 166 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
166 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised: 
(a) in respect of Memel, by a resolution of the Memel Board on 25 March 2021. This 
Base Prospectus was presented to the Memel Board in connection with the update 
of the Programme and approved by resolutions of the Memel Board passed on or 
around the date of this Base Prospectus. The issue of each Series of Notes will be 
authorised by a separate resolution of the Memel Board; and 
(b) in respect of Alphabeta, by a resolution of the Alphabeta Board on 27 September 
2021. This Base Prospectus was presented to the Alphabeta Board in connection 
with the update of the Programme and approved by resolutions of the Alphabeta 
Board passed on or around the date of this Base Prospectus. The issue of each 
Series of Notes will be authorised by a separate resolution of the Alphabeta 
Board. 
(2) 
All other authorisations, consents and approvals required to be obtained by the Issuer for, 
or in connection with, the creation of the Programme and issue of the Series of Notes, the 
execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of the obligations expressed to be 
undertaken by it under the Relevant Agreements to which it is a party and the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus have been (or will, prior to the Issue Date, be) obtained and are 
in full force and effect. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and 
no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020. 
(4) 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings during 
the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability, nor is the Issuer aware of any such 
proceedings being pending or threatened. 
(5) 
For so long as any of the Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, electronic 
copies of the following documents will be (i) available for inspection respectively on the 
Morgan 
Stanley 
website 
(https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents) and 
(ii) 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents in respect of the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed in respect of the relevant Issuer; 
(c) 
the annual accounts of Alphabeta in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020; and 
(d) 
the annual accounts of Memel in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020,  
(6) 
The 
information 
on 
the 
Morgan 
Stanley 
website 
(https://sp.morganstanley.com/eu/documents) does not form part of the Base Prospectus 
unless such information has been expressly incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
(7) 
The Issuer intends that some Series of Notes will be accepted for clearance through the 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) (if any) for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Issuance Document.

--- Page 168 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
168 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issue of Series of Notes 
in respect of which Final Terms are required for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
[MEMEL CAPITAL PCC (THE "COMPANY") ACTING IN RESPECT OF [●] 
PC]/[ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD] 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI): [[Memel: 
635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75]/[Alphabeta: 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96]] 
(THE "ISSUER") 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF SERIES] [TITLE OF NOTES] 
under the 
Secured and Unsecured Notes Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") contained in the Principal Trust Deed dated [⚫].  In addition, "US$", 
"USD" or "$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America, being US 
Dollars. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 1 March 2022 
(as amended and/or restated from time to time) [and the supplements to the Base Prospectus 
dated [⚫] and [⚫]].  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and at the website of the GSX (www.gsx.gi) [[and] 
during normal business hours at [⚫]] [and copies may be obtained from [⚫]].  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
 
1 To be included in a Issuance Document if the relevant Notes are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
OPTION 1 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for professional investors 
and ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]   
OPTION 2 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs 
target market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients 
each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
 
2 To be included in a Issuance Document if the relevant Notes are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS")]/[COBS] and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice, and portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer‘s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable.4]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that 
the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms.] 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following 
terms in relation to the Notes. 
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should 
be deleted prior to completing these Final Terms.] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
(1)  Issuer: 
[Memel Capital PCC acting in respect of [●] 
PC]/[Alphabeta Access Products Ltd.] (the 
“Issuer”) 
(2)  Series Number: 
 
[●] [The Notes are to be consolidated and 
form a single series with [●]] 
 
3 Delete as appropriate. 
4 Delete as appropriate.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(3)  Trade Date: 
[●] 
(4)  Issue Date: 
[●] 
(5)  Maturity Date: 
[●], unless redeemed earlier in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
(6)  Maturity Date Extension (Condition 
9(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(7)  Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[specify] 
(8)  Aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
to be issued as at the Issue Date: 
 
 
[●] 
 
(9)  Issue Price (face value) per Note: 
[US$][●] 
(10) Maximum number of Notes in the 
Series on the Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(11) Purchase Price (amount payable at 
Issue Date) per Note: 
[●] 
(12) Dealer 
purchase 
price 
(at Issue Date): 
[Item 9 x item 10] 
(13) Number of Notes to be repurchased by 
the 
Issuer  
(at Issue Date) (Custodian Notes): 
[●] 
(14) Issuer repurchase price (purchase price 
of 
the 
Custodian 
Notes) 
(at Issue Date): 
[Item 12 x item 10] 
(15) Trading method: 
[Unit]/[Nominal Amount]/[specify] 
(16) Status of the Notes: 
[Secured]/[Unsecured] [limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]. 
(17) (A) 
[If Secured]: 
 
 
 
Mortgaged Property: 
[Bonds/Notes] [specify] 
 
[(i) Underlying 
Assets 
– 
Bonds/Notes: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially 
comprise [●] in principal amount of [insert 
description 
of 
the 
underlying 
assets] 
identified below:  
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
   [●] 
Address: 
   [●] 
Country of incorporation:      [●] 
Nature of business: 
   [●]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Regulated 
market 
on 
which admitted to trading: 
  
   [●] 
Asset: 
   [●] 
ISIN:     
   [●] 
Bloomberg Ticker:  
 
   [●] 
Coupon: 
   [●] 
Maturity: 
   [●] 
Currency: 
   [●] 
Status: 
   [●] 
Legal nature: 
   [●] 
Governing law: 
   [●] 
Clearing: 
   [●] 
Market on which  
admitted to trading: 
   [●] 
[Hyperlink to  
documentation relating  
to Underlying Assets: 
 
 
   [●]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such 
rights relate to sums held to meet payments 
due in respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody 
Agreement;] and (iii) any agreement by 
which 
the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes], the Swap Agreement and 
any other Transaction Document to which 
the Issuer is a party or and as specified in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
 
(B) 
[If Unsecured]: 
 
 
 
Unsecured Series Property: 
[Bonds/Notes] [Specify]

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
[(i) Underlying 
Assets 
– 
Bonds/Notes; 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially 
comprise [●] in principal amount of [insert 
description 
of 
the 
underlying 
assets] 
identified below:  
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
   [●] 
Address: 
   [●] 
Country of incorporation:      [●] 
Nature of business: 
   [●] 
Regulated 
market 
on 
which admitted to trading: 
  
   [●] 
Asset: 
   [●] 
ISIN:     
   [●] 
Bloomberg Ticker:  
 
   [●] 
Coupon: 
   [●] 
Maturity: 
   [●] 
Currency: 
   [●] 
Status: 
   [●] 
Legal nature: 
   [●] 
Governing law: 
   [●] 
Clearing: 
   [●] 
Market on which  
admitted to trading: 
   [●] 
[Hyperlink to  
documentation relating  
to Underlying Assets: 
 
 
   [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Cash Account; 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other; 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such 
rights relate to sums held to meet payments 
due in respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody 
Agreement;] and (iii) any agreement by 
which 
the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes], and/or the Swap Agreement 
and any other Transaction Document to 
which the Issuer is a party or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.] 
(18) Income on the Notes Treated as U.S. 
Source Income; 
 
 
Although the Notes will be issued by a non-
U.S. entity, income on the Notes may be 
considered to arise in whole or in part from 
sources 
within 
the 
United 
States.  
Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, the 
Issuer will (and assumes intermediaries also 
will) treat all income as arising from sources 
within the United States and will make 
payments free of U.S. withholding (and 
backup withholding) taxes only if the holder 
supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax 
identification 
and 
certification 
forms, 
typically an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-
8BEN-E. 
 
For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a 
certification or other document will be 
treated as “required by law” if it actually is 
required by law or would be required by law 
if the income from the Notes were treated as 
arising from sources within the United 
States for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
(19) U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalents:  
[Not applicable] / [Applicable]  
(20) Double Withholding: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 5 
 
(21) Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
 
If applicable: 
 
[The custody agreement made between, 
among others, the Custodian and the Issuer 
on [date].] 
 
[The [Bonds/Notes] will be held in a 
 
5  
In general, Double Withholding will apply to Memel Securities to which “U.S. Withholding 
Applies to Dividend Equivalents” is applicable.  Double Withholding generally will not apply to 
Alphabeta securities (unless it loses its QDD status).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
securities account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Custodian in accordance with 
the terms of the Custody Agreement.] 
(22) Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate Notes]/[Floating Rate Notes] 
/[Zero Coupon Notes] 
 
(23) Instructing Creditor (See Conditions 
3(d), 9(b)(v), 12 and 13): 
The Noteholders 
(24) Credit Event; 
Each of: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation Default]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuri
ng] in relation to the Underlying Assets 
[Each as defined in the ISDA Credit 
Definitions] 
(25) Order of Priority (as specified in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed date on 
or about the date of these Final 
Terms, in connection with the 
issue of the Notes in connection 
with these Final Terms (the 
"Supplemental Trust Deed")): 
[Counterparty 
Priority]/[Noteholder 
Priority]/[Other Priority] 
(26) Use of Proceeds; 
The Issuer will invest [⚫] of the issuance 
proceeds [in the purchase of the Underlying 
Assets and will enter into a Swap with the 
Swap Counterparty.] 
(27) Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COUPON 
(28) Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 [If Fixed Rate Notes are "Applicable" 
include the following details, otherwise 
delete]: 
 
 (i) Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Specify rate] 
 (ii) [Fixed Coupon Amount]: 
[Specify] 
 (iii) [Broken Amount]: 
[Specify] 
(29) Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 [If 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
are 
"Applicable" include the following 
details,, otherwise delete] 
 
 (i) [ - Margin]: 
[Specify] 
 (ii) [ - Reference Rate]; 
[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[Specify]] 
 [If SONIA is specified as the Reference

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Rate include (iii) to (viI) below, 
otherwise delete]:  
 (iii) 
[-SONIA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 (iv) [-Lookback Days]: 
[Specify] 
 (v) [-SONIA Compound Observation 
Period Shift]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 (vi) [-Observational Shift Days]: 
[Specify] 
 (vii) [Relevant Screen Page]: 
[Specify] 
 (viii) [Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 (ix) [-Interest Participation Rate]: 
[Specify] 
 (x) [ISDA Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(30) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(31) Interest Payment Date: 
[Specify] 
(32) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
(33) Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
(34) Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(35) Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(36) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(37) Minimum Interest Rate:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
BENCHMARK 
DISCONTINUANCE 
OR 
PROHIBITION ON USE (Condition 8(d)) 
(38) Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
(39) Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(40) Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair 
Market Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(41) Issuer has the right to redeem Notes in 
its sole discretion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(42) Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased 
and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes on the Maturity Date at an amount 
equal to [     ]. [Insert details for calculating 
final 
redemption 
amount 
and 
early 
redemption amount.]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
(43) Noteholder has the right to redeem the 
Notes prior to Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(44) Purchase at Issuer's Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(45) Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(46) Exchange of Notes for Underlying 
Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(47) Exchange of Series: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(48) Mandatory Early Redemption: 
  
 (i) Underlying Disposal Event: 
The Notes will be mandatorily redeemed upon 
the occurrence of any event as set out in 
Condition 9(b)(i) [as amended by Special 
Condition [•]]. 
 (ii) Early Redemption of Underlying 
Assets: 
Condition 9(b)(ii) [will]/[will not] apply [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 (iii) Credit Event: 
 
Condition 9(b)(iii) [will]/[will not] apply [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount/Early Redemption Amount]: 
[The realised value of the Series Assets divided 
by the number of outstanding Notes other than 
the Custodian Notes.] 
(49) Termination of Swap Agreement at the 
Option of the Counterparty: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
(50) Dealer: 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc. 
(51) Notes cleared through a clearing 
system: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify clearing systems] 
(52) U.S. federal income tax consequences: [The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Notes will 
not be Specified Notes if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise 
provide 
direct 
or 
indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise 
provide 
direct 
or 
indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis 
will be required) [Based on market 
conditions on the date of these Final Terms, 
the 
Issuer 
has 
made 
a 
preliminary 
determination that the Notes are [not] 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 
871(m). This is a preliminary determination 
only that is subject to change based on

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
market conditions on the Issue Date. If the 
Issuer's final determination is different then 
it will give notice of such determination.]  
(53) Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S 
RELATED AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
(54) Related Agreements: 
[Swap Agreement] 
(55) [Swap 
Counterparty]/[Other 
Counterparty] : 
[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc.] 
(56) Date 
of 
termination 
of 
Swap 
Agreement (pro rata, in the case of a 
purchase by the Issuer of some only of 
the Notes (as applicable)): 
[The date falling one Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date or, if the Notes are redeemed 
early, one Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date or, if the Notes are purchased 
by the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer's purchase 
option, one Business Day prior to the relevant 
purchase date] 
(57) Additional Security Documents: 
[Insert any additional Security Documents in 
addition to the Supplemental Trust Deed] 
(58) [If Related Agreement is a Swap 
Agreement, collateral under the Swap 
Agreement:] 
[cash in [currency] 
(59) Transaction Documents: 
[As defined in the Conditions][and [specify any 
additional Transaction Documents] 
AGENTS 
(60) Agents: 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(ii) Paying Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(iii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s):] 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(iv) Registrar: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(v) Transfer Agent(s): 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(vi) 
Cash 
Account 
Bank 
(if 
applicable)]: 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
 
(vii) Note Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
OTHER TERMS 
(61) Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(62) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(63) Form of Notes: 
[Option 1 Bearer Notes: Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note [or definitive Notes in bearer form] [or 
definitive Notes in bearer form and/or 
registered note certificates]. The Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
[NB: Bearer Notes should only be issued if 
they can be in registered form for U.S. 
Federal Income tax purposes] 
[Option 2 Registered Notes, no global notes: 
The Notes will be represented by Registered 
Note Certificates.] 
[Option 3 Registered Notes, with global 
notes The Notes (other than those sold to 
Institutional Accredited Investors who are 
also Qualified Purchasers which shall be 
definitive form) will be represented by a 
Registered Global Note, deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Registered 
Global Note will be exchangeable in whole 
but not in part for registered note certificates 
in definitive form, in limited circumstances.] 
(64) Specified Denominations: 
[specify 
minimum 
denomination] 
and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[specify 
currency][amount] thereafter up to and 
including [specify maximum denomination 
for definitive Notes]. No notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
above [specify maximum denomination for 
definitive Notes]. 
(65) Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[FRN 
Convention]/[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/[No Adjustment/Unadjusted] 
(66) Business Days or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Specify additional cities for Business Day 
and other payment date provisions]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(67) Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] 
[If yes, specify dates on which such Talons 
mature] 
(68) Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which 
each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer 
to forfeit the Notes and interest due 
on late payment: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(69) Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(70) Variation to provisions of Condition 
12 (Events of Default): 
[No][Specify details] 
(71) Other conditions: 
[Specify] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(72) ISIN:  
[•] 
(73) Common Code:  
[•] 
(74) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
[Euroclear Finland] 
[Euroclear Sweden] 
(75) Delivery: 
[Delivery free of payment.] [Delivery versus 
payment.] 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) 
("Euronext Dublin")] [None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [Euronext Dublin on its Official List and 
trading on the Regulated Market] with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) to 
[Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be listed 
on its Official List and trading on its 
Regulated Market] with effect from [●].] 
[Not applicable.] 
 
(iii) Secondary market: 
[Specify if Dealer will provide a secondary 
market]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions"], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer."] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in [the Base Prospectus and] 
these Final Terms. [[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from 
[specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in 
the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are true and accurate in all material respects, 
and that there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading any 
statement in the document, whether of facts or of opinion. All the directors accept 
responsibility accordingly.]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
FORM OF APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each issue of Series 
of Notes. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
 
[MEMEL CAPITAL PCC (THE "COMPANY") ACTING IN RESPECT OF [●] 
PC]/[ALPHABETA ACCESS PRODUCTS LTD] 
LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER (LEI): [[Memel: 
635400NB6CRZGWRNRQ75]/[Alphabeta: 635400IVGSQEAHVLPB96]] 
(THE "ISSUER") 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF SERIES] [TITLE OF NOTES] 
under the 
Secured and Unsecured Notes Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") contained in the Principal Trust Deed dated [⚫].  In addition, "US$", 
"USD" or "$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America, being US 
Dollars. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus dated 1 March 
2022 (as amended and/or restated from time to time) [and the supplements to the Base 
Prospectus dated [⚫] and [⚫]].  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and at the website of the GSX (www.gsx.gi) 
[[and] during normal business hours at [●]] [and copies may be obtained from [●]].  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]6 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
 
6 To be included in am Issuance Document if the relevant Notes are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
OPTION 1 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for professional investors 
and ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]   
OPTION 2 – MiFID II / UK MIFIR Target market legend for retail investors, 
professional investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs 
target market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients 
each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
 
7 To be included in a Issuance Document if the relevant Notes are not offered to retail investors.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]8 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs 
target market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")]/[COBS] and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, and portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer‘s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.9]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that 
the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Pricing Supplement.] 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following 
terms in relation to the Notes. 
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement and 
should be deleted prior to completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
(1)  
Issuer: 
[Memel Capital PCC acting in respect of [●] 
PC]/[Alphabeta Access Products Ltd.] (the 
“Issuer”) 
(2)  
Series Number: 
 
[●] [The Notes are to be consolidated and 
form a single series with [●]] 
(3)  
Trade Date: 
[●] 
(4)  
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
8 Delete as appropriate. 
9 Delete as appropriate.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
(5)  
Maturity Date: 
[●], unless redeemed earlier in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
(6)  
Maturity Date Extension (Condition 
9(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(7)  
Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[specify] 
(8)  
Aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
to be issued as at the Issue Date: 
 
 
[●] 
 
(9)  
Issue Price (face value) per Note: 
[US$][●] 
(10) 
Maximum number of Notes in the 
Series on the Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(11) 
Purchase Price (amount payable at 
Issue Date) per Note: 
[●] 
(12) 
Dealer 
purchase 
price 
(at Issue Date): 
[Item 9 x item 10] 
(13) 
Number of Notes to be repurchased by 
the 
Issuer  
(at Issue Date) (Custodian Notes): 
[●] 
(14) 
Issuer repurchase price (purchase price 
of 
the 
Custodian 
Notes) 
(at Issue Date): 
[Item 12 x item 10] 
(15) 
Trading method: 
[Unit]/[Nominal Amount]/[specify] 
(16) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Secured]/[Unsecured] [limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]. 
(17) 
(A) 
[If Secured]: 
 
 
 
Mortgaged Property: 
[[Swaps/]10Bonds/Notes] [specify] 
 
[(i) Underlying 
Assets 
– 
Bonds/Notes: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially 
comprise [●] in principal amount of [insert 
description 
of 
the 
underlying 
assets] 
identified below:  
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
   [●] 
Address: 
   [●] 
Country of incorporation:      [●] 
Nature of business: 
   [●] 
Regulated 
market 
on   
 
10 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
which admitted to trading:    [●] 
Asset: 
   [●] 
ISIN:     
   [●] 
Bloomberg Ticker:  
 
   [●] 
Coupon: 
   [●] 
Maturity: 
   [●] 
Currency: 
   [●] 
Status: 
   [●] 
Legal nature: 
   [●] 
Governing law: 
   [●] 
Clearing: 
   [●] 
Market on which  
admitted to trading: 
   [●] 
[Hyperlink to  
documentation relating  
to Underlying Assets: 
 
 
   [●]] 
Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such 
rights relate to sums held to meet payments 
due in respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody 
Agreement;] and (iii) any agreement by 
which 
the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes], the Swap Agreement and 
any other Transaction Document to which 
the Issuer is a party or and as specified in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
 
(B) 
[If Unsecured]:

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
Unsecured Series Property: 
[[Swaps/]11Bonds/Notes] [Specify] 
 
[(i) Underlying 
Assets 
– 
Bonds/Notes: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
If applicable: 
The Underlying Assets shall initially 
comprise [●] in principal amount of [insert 
description 
of 
the 
underlying 
assets] 
identified below:  
Underlying Assets Obligor: 
   [●] 
Address: 
   [●] 
Country of incorporation:      [●] 
Nature of business: 
   [●] 
Regulated 
market 
on 
which admitted to trading: 
  
   [●] 
Asset: 
   [●] 
ISIN:     
   [●] 
Bloomberg Ticker:  
 
   [●] 
Coupon: 
   [●] 
Maturity: 
   [●] 
Currency: 
   [●] 
Status: 
   [●] 
Legal nature: 
   [●] 
Governing law: 
   [●] 
Clearing: 
   [●] 
Market on which  
admitted to trading: 
   [●] 
[Hyperlink to  
documentation relating  
to Underlying Assets: 
 
 
   [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Cash Account: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
 
11 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the [Cash 
Account Agreement dated [date]] / [Custody 
Agreement].] 
[Initial Cash Account Amount: [zero/specify 
amount]] 
 
(iii) Other: 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the (i) 
Agency Agreement (to the extent that such 
rights relate to sums held to meet payments 
due in respect of the Notes); [(ii) Custody 
Agreement;] and (iii) any agreement by 
which 
the 
Issuer 
purchases 
the 
[Bonds/Notes], and/or the Swap Agreement 
and any other Transaction Document to 
which the Issuer is a party or as otherwise 
specified 
in 
the 
Relevant 
Pricing 
Supplement.] 
(18) 
Income on the Notes Treated as U.S. 
Source Income: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
[Insert the following if applicable: 
  
Although the Notes will be issued by a non-
U.S. entity, income on the Notes may be 
considered to arise in whole or in part from 
sources 
within 
the 
United 
States.  
Accordingly, as a matter of prudence, the 
Issuer will (and assumes intermediaries also 
will) treat all income as arising from sources 
within the United States and will make 
payments free of U.S. withholding (and 
backup withholding) taxes only if the holder 
supplies it with appropriate U.S. tax 
identification 
and 
certification 
forms, 
typically an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-
8BEN-E. 
 
For the purposes of Condition 11(a), a 
certification or other document will be 
treated as “required by law” if it actually is 
required by law or would be required by law 
if the income from the Notes were treated as 
arising from sources within the United 
States for U.S. federal income tax purposes.] 
(19) 
[U.S. Withholding on Dividend 
Equivalents:] 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
(20) 
Double Withholding: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable]   
(21) 
Custody Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[The custody agreement made between, 
among others, the Custodian and the Issuer 
on [date].]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
[The [Bonds/Notes] will be held in a 
securities account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Custodian in accordance with 
the terms of the Custody Agreement.] 
(22) 
[Reference Assets: 
[●]]12 
(23) 
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Notes]/[Floating 
Rate 
Notes]/[Equity 
Linked 
Notes]13/[Zero 
Coupon Notes] 
[Note: If Equity Linked Notes, specify [Single 
Share Notes]/[Share Basket Notes]/[Single 
Index Notes]/[Index Basket Notes]]14 
(24) 
Instructing Creditor (See Conditions 
3(d), 9(b)(v), 12 and 13) : 
The Noteholders 
(25) 
Credit Event: 
Each of: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation Default]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuri
ng] in relation to the Underlying Assets 
[Each as defined in the ISDA Credit 
Definitions] 
(26) 
Order of Priority (as specified in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed date on 
or about the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, in connection with 
the issue of the Notes in 
connection with this Pricing 
Supplement (the "Supplemental 
Trust Deed")): 
[Counterparty 
Priority]/[Noteholder 
Priority]/[Other Priority] 
(27) 
Use of Proceeds: 
The Issuer will invest [⚫] of the issuance 
proceeds [in the purchase of the Underlying 
Assets and will enter into a Swap with the 
Swap Counterparty.] 
(28) 
Substitution of Underlying Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COUPON 
(29) 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Fixed Rate Notes are "Applicable" 
include the following details, otherwise 
delete]: 
 
 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Specify rate] 
 
12 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
13 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
14 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
(ii) [Fixed Coupon Amount]: 
[Specify] 
 
(iii) [Broken Amount]: 
[Specify] 
(30) 
Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[If 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
are 
"Applicable" include the following 
details,, otherwise delete] 
 
 
(i) [ - Margin]: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) [ - Reference Rate]: 
[SOFR]/[SONIA]/[Specify]] 
 
[If SONIA is specified as the Reference 
Rate include (iii) to (viI) below, 
otherwise delete]:  
 
 
(iii) 
[-SONIA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) [-Lookback Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(v) [-SONIA Compound Observation 
Period Shift]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) [-Observational Shift Days]: 
[Specify] 
 
(vii) [Relevant Screen Page]: 
[Specify] 
 
(viii) [Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) [-Interest Participation Rate]: 
[Specify] 
 
(x) [ISDA Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(31) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(32) 
Interest Payment Date: 
[Specify] 
(33) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify] 
(34) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Specify] 
(35) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(36) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(37) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(38) 
Minimum Interest Rate:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(39) 
Equity Linked Notes15: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(if 
Equity-Linked 
Notes 
are 
"Applicable", include the following 
details, otherwise delete:) 
 
 
(i) Type of Equity-Linked Note: 
[Single Share Note] 
[Share Basket Note] 
[Single Index Note] 
 
15 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
[Index Basket Note] 
 
(ii) [if Single Share Note or Share 
Basket Note:  
(A) Underlying Share or Underlying 
Shares: 
 
 
[insert details of Underlying Share or Shares] 
 
(B)  
Underlying Issuer or Issuers:] 
[insert details of Underlying Issuer or Issuers] 
 
(iii) [if Single Index Note or Index 
Basket Note:  
(A) Index or  
Indices: 
(B) Index Sponsor[s]:] 
 
[insert details of Index or Indices] 
[insert details of Index Sponsor[s]] 
 
(iv) Weighting of each [Underlying 
Share/ Index] in the Basket: 
[insert details, if a Share Basket Note or an 
Index Basket Note] 
 
(v) Exchange[s]: 
[insert details of Exchange or, in relation to an 
Index, if applicable,: Multi-exchange Index] 
 
(vi) Related Exchange[s]: 
[•]/[None specified] 
 
(vii) Coupon Amount: 
[include details of the formula for calculating 
the applicable Coupon Amount] 
 
(viii) 
[Valuation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Observation Date[s]]/ [Determination 
Date[s]]: 
[Choose applicable term and include details of 
the relevant Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates or Determination Dates] 
 
(ix) Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If "Applicable", specify consequence of 
Averaging Date Disruption: "Omission". 
"Postponement" or "Modified Postponement"] 
 
(x) Determination Time[s]: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
BENCHMARK 
DISCONTINUANCE 
OR 
PROHIBITION ON USE (Condition 8(d)) 
(40) 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
(41) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(42) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair 
Market Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(43) 
Issuer has the right to redeem Notes in 
its sole discretion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(44) 
Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased 
and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Issuer shall redeem the

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Notes on the Maturity Date at an amount 
equal to [     ]. [Insert details for calculating 
final 
redemption 
amount 
and 
early 
redemption amount.] 
[In relation to Equity-Linked Notes, please 
complete items [•] to [•] and specify the 
formula for calculating the Redemption 
Amount]. 
(45) 
Noteholder has the right to redeem the 
Notes prior to Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(46) 
Purchase at Issuer's Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(47) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(48) 
Exchange of Notes for Underlying 
Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(49) 
Exchange of Series: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(50) 
Equity Linked Redemption16: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Note: 
if 
Applicable, complete items 46 and 47] 
(51) 
[Index Adjustment Events]17: 
[Index Modification]/[Index Cancellation]/ 
[Index Disruption] 
(52) 
[Additional Disruption Event]18: 
[Change 
in 
Law]/[Hedging 
Disruption]/[Increased Cost of Hedging]/[Loss 
of Stock Borrow] [Note: delete any not 
applicable] 
(53) 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
  
 
(i) Underlying Disposal Event: 
The Notes will be mandatorily redeemed upon 
the occurrence of any event as set out in 
Condition 9(b)(i) [as amended by Special 
Condition [•]]. 
 
(ii) Early Redemption of Underlying 
Assets: 
Condition 9(b)(ii) [will]/[will not] apply [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
 
(iii) Credit Event: 
 
Condition 9(b)(iii) [will]/[will not] apply [as 
amended by Special Condition [•]]. 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount/Early Redemption Amount]: 
[The realised value of the Series Assets divided 
by the number of outstanding Notes other than 
the Custodian Notes.] 
(54) 
Termination of Swap Agreement at the 
Option of the Counterparty: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY-LINKED REDEMPTION19 
(55) 
Equity- Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
 
16 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
17 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
18 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus. 
19 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
(Condition 8(n)) 
[If "Not applicable", then delete the 
remaining provision in this section] 
(56) 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Equity-Linked 
Redemption: 
[Single Share Note] 
[Share Basket Note] 
[Single Index Note] 
[Index Basket Note] 
[Shares must be listed on an EEA regulated 
market or equivalent Third Country market] 
(ii) 
[if Single Share Note or Share 
Basket Note:  
(A) Underlying Share or 
 Underlying Shares: 
[insert details of Underlying Share or 
Shares] 
 
(B)  
Underlying Issuer or 
Issuers:] 
[insert details of Underlying Issuer or 
Issuers] 
 
[if Single Index Note or Index 
Basket Note:  
 
(A) Index or Indices: 
[insert details of Index or Indices] 
 
 
(B) Index Sponsor[s]:] 
[insert details of Index Sponsor[s]] 
 
(iii) 
Weighting 
of 
each 
[Underlying Share/ Index] in 
the Basket: 
[insert details, if a Share Basket Note or an 
Index Basket Note] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange[s]: 
[insert details of Exchange or, in relation to 
an Index, if applicable,: Multi-exchange 
Index] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange[s]: 
[•]/[None specified] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[include 
details 
of 
the 
formula 
for 
calculating the applicable Redemption 
Amount] 
 
(vii) 
[Valuation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Observation 
Date[s]]/ 
[Determination Date[s]]: 
[Choose applicable term and include details 
of the relevant Valuation Dates, Observation 
Dates or Determination Dates] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If "Applicable", specify consequence of 
Averaging Date Disruption: "Omission". 
"Postponement" 
or 
"Modified 
Postponement"] 
 
(ix) 
Determination Time[s]: 
[•]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
(x) 
Other special terms and 
conditions: 
[•] 
DISTRIBUTION 
(57) 
Dealer: 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc. 
(58) 
Notes cleared through a clearing 
system: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify clearing systems] 
(59) 
U.S. federal income tax consequences: [The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Notes will 
not be Specified Notes if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise 
provide 
direct 
or 
indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise 
provide 
direct 
or 
indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis 
will be required) [Based on market 
conditions on the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the Notes are 
[not] Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m). This is a preliminary 
determination only that is subject to change 
based on market conditions on the Issue 
Date. If the Issuer's final determination is 
different then it will give notice of such 
determination.]  
(60) 
Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S 
RELATED AGREEMENTS AND SECURITY 
(61) 
Related Agreements: 
[Swap Agreement] 
(62) 
[Exposure 
to 
Reference 
Assets 
obtained by use of a swap: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]]20 
(63) 
[Swap 
Counterparty]/[Other 
Counterparty] : 
[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc.] 
(64) 
Date 
of 
termination 
of 
Swap 
Agreement (pro rata, in the case of a 
purchase by the Issuer of some only of 
the Notes (as applicable)): 
[The date falling one Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date or, if the Notes are redeemed 
early, one Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date or, if the Notes are purchased 
by the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer's purchase 
option, one Business Day prior to the relevant 
purchase date] 
(65) 
Additional Security Documents: 
[Insert any additional Security Documents in 
addition to the Supplemental Trust Deed] 
 
20 Not applicable in respect of listed Notes, unless issued under a Series Prospectus.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
(66) 
[If Related Agreement is a Swap 
Agreement, collateral under the Swap 
Agreement:] 
[insert] 
(67) 
Transaction Documents: 
[As defined in the Conditions][and [specify any 
additional Transaction Documents] 
AGENTS 
(68) 
Agents: 
 
 
(i) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(ii) Paying Agent: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(iii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s):] 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(iv) Registrar: 
[Specify name and address] 
 
(v) Transfer Agent(s): 
[Specify name and address] 
 
[(vi) 
Cash 
Account 
Bank 
(if 
applicable)]: 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
 
(vii) Note Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL] 
OTHER TERMS 
(69) 
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(70) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(71) 
Form of Notes: 
[Option 1 Bearer Notes: Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note [or definitive Notes in bearer form] [or 
definitive Notes in bearer form and/or 
registered note certificates]. The Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
[NB: Bearer Notes should only be issued if 
they can be in registered form for U.S. 
Federal Income tax purposes] 
[Option 2 Registered Notes, no global notes:

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
The Notes will be represented by Registered 
Note Certificates.] 
[Option 3 Registered Notes, with global 
notes The Notes (other than those sold to 
Institutional Accredited Investors who are 
also Qualified Purchasers which shall be 
definitive form) will be represented by a 
Registered Global Note, deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Registered 
Global Note will be exchangeable in whole 
but not in part for registered note certificates 
in definitive form, in limited circumstances.] 
(72) 
Specified Denominations: 
[specify 
minimum 
denomination] 
and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[specify 
currency][amount] thereafter up to and 
including [specify maximum denomination 
for definitive Notes]. No notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
above [specify maximum denomination for 
definitive Notes]. 
(73) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[FRN 
Convention]/[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/[No Adjustment/Unadjusted] 
(74) 
Business Days or other special 
provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Specify additional cities for Business Day 
and other payment date provisions] 
 
(75) 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] 
[If yes, specify dates on which such Talons 
mature] 
(76) 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which 
each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer 
to forfeit the Notes and interest due 
on late payment: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(77) 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
(78) 
Variation to provisions of Condition 
12 (Events of Default): 
[No][Specify details] 
(79) 
Other conditions 
[Specify]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(80) 
ISIN:  
[•] 
(81) 
Common Code:  
[•] 
(82) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
[Euroclear Finland] 
[Euroclear Sweden] 
(83) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery free of payment.] [Delivery versus 
payment.] 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin) 
("Euronext Dublin")] [Gibraltar Stock 
Exchange ("GSX")] [specify] [None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [Euronext Dublin on its Official List and 
trading on the Global Exchange Market] 
with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) to [Euronext Dublin for the 
Notes to be listed on its Official List and 
trading on its Global Exchange Market] 
with effect from [●].]  
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [GSX on its Global Market] with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) to 
[GSX for the Notes to be listed on its 
Global Market] with effect from [●].]  
[Not applicable.] 
 
(iii) Secondary market: 
[Specify if Dealer will provide a secondary 
market] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions"], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer."]

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in [the Base Prospectus and] 
this Pricing Supplement. [[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from 
[specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in 
the Base Prospectus and this Pricing Supplement are true and accurate in all material 
respects, and that there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading 
any statement in the document, whether of facts or of opinion. All the directors accept 
responsibility accordingly.]

--- Page 199 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
199 
 
 
INDEX 
£ 9 
€ 9 
BaFin .......................................................... 164 
Board of Governors ........................................... 45 
BRRD ................................................................. 31 
CDOT ................................................................. 40 
CEA .................................................................... 43 
CFTC .................................................................. 43 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ................................. 5 
Commission .......................................................... 8 
Common Depositary ......................................... 61 
Common Reporting Standard .................. 39, 153 
Corporate Administration Agreement .. 138, 141 
Corporate Administrator ....................... 138, 141 
Covered Entities ................................................ 45 
Covered QFC ..................................................... 45 
CPO .................................................................... 44 
CRS ................................................................... 153 
CTA .................................................................... 44 
Custodian Global Certificate ............................ 54 
Dealer ............................................................... 158 
Dealer Agreement ............................................ 158 
Distributor ........................................... 7, 169, 183 
Dodd-Frank ....................................................... 43 
EEA .......................................................... 168, 182 
Euro ...................................................................... 9 
Euroclear .............................................................. 5 
Final Rule ........................................................... 45 
FSB ..................................................................... 31 
FSMA ............................................................... 163 
GBP ...................................................................... 9 
Global Market ..................................................... 4 
GSIB ................................................................... 45 
GST ................................................................... 152 
GSX .............................................................. 4, 197 
Insurance Distribution Directive ... 164, 168, 182 
Investment Company Act ................................... 5 
Jersey CRS Legislation ................................... 153 
Jersey Registrar ................................................... 8 
Mandatory Disclosure Rules ............................ 40 
MiFID II ...................................... 164, 165, 168, 182 
Mortgaged Property ............................................... 2 
MSIP .................................................................... 148 
Noteholders ............................................................. 3 
Notes ........................................................................ 1 
Offer............................................................. 164, 165 
OLA ....................................................................... 32 
PRIIPs Regulation ...................................... 168, 182 
Programme ............................................................. 1 
Prospectus Regulation ................................ 163, 164 
QFCs ...................................................................... 45 
Regulation S ............................................................ 5 
Relevant Implementation Date .......................... 162 
Relevant Member State ...................................... 162 
Retail investor ............................................. 164, 165 
Savings Directive .................................................. 40 
SEC ........................................................................ 43 
Secured Noteholders ............................................. 62 
Secured Notes .......................................................... 1 
Secured Series ......................................................... 2 
Secured Series Custodian Notes .......................... 54 
Securities Act .......................................................... 5 
Series .................................................................. 2, 52 
Series Assets ............................................................ 3 
Series Transaction Parties ................................... 12 
Share Trustee .............................................. 138, 141 
Special quorum resolution ................................... 30 
Supplement ............................................................. 8 
Swap ................................................................ 2, 150 
Swap Counterparty ................................................ 2 
Trust Deed ............................................................. 53 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ......................... 45 
Unsecured Noteholders .......................................... 3 
Unsecured Notes ..................................................... 1 
Unsecured Series ..................................................... 2 
Unsecured Series Custodian Notes ...................... 54 
Unsecured Series Property .................................... 3 
US dollars ................................................................ 9 
US$ ........................................................................... 9

--- Page 200 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
ISSUERS 
 
Memel Capital PCC, acting in respect of 
its protected cells from time to time 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
 
 
Alphabeta Access Products Ltd 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
 
 
NOTE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT, CASH ACCOUNT BANK AND CUSTODIAN 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two  
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay  
Dublin 2  
D02 KV60  
Ireland 
 
 
NOTE CUSTODIAN, DEALER, ARRANGER, CALCULATION AGENT AND 
DISPOSAL AGENT 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
London E14 4QA 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer  
To the Dealer 
as to Jersey law 
as to English law  
 
 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang LLP 
47 Esplanade 
Cannon Place 
St Helier 
78 Cannon Street 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
London 
 
EC4N 6AF

--- Page 201 ---
UK-656760352.13 
 
To the Note Trustee and Security Trustee 
as to English law 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London  E1 6PW